palestinian authority becomes 123rd member of the international criminal court. the move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in palestinian territories. israel and the united states opposed the palestinians' efforts to join the body. the court opened a preliminary examination into the situation in palestine in january.
a stray dog in washington state was hit by a car and buried in a field. she was found four days later, emaciated and covered in dirt. the dog, a bully breed mix, suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity. a fundraising page has been set up to help pay for the dog's medical care.
mohammad javad zarif is the iranian foreign minister. he has been john kerry's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear talks. he is known for being "polished" and "jovial"   his official biography says he was born in 1959, but his ministry's website is unclear on the date of birth. he was outside the country during the revolution.
one of the five had a heart-related issue and has been discharged. they were exposed to ebola in sierra leone in march. more than 10,000 people have died in a west african epidemic of ebola. they are clinicians for partners in health.
a duke student has admitted to hanging a noose from a tree, university officials say. the student is no longer on campus and will face student conduct review. the noose was found on a tree near a student union at duke university. officials are still investigating if other people were involved in the incident.
trey moses asked his girlfriend to be his prom date. trey is a basketball star at eastern high school in louisville, kentucky. ellie meredith is a freshman with down syndrome. photos of the prom-posal have gone viral on twitter.
amnesty international releases its annual report on the death penalty. at least 607 people were executed worldwide in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013. the number of executions worldwide is down 22% on the previous year. amnesty says governments are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions. the report finds "positive developments" worldwide, with most regions showing reductions in executions. but it also highlights a marked increase in the numbers of people sentenced to death worldwide.
andrew getty appears to have died of natural causes, a police spokesman says. getty had "several health issues," police say. he is the grandson of oil tycoon j. paul getty. andrew was found on his side near a bathroom in his los angeles home.
maysak is a tropical storm. it's expected to make landfall sunday morning on the southeastern coast of isabela province. authorities warn of flash floods and landslides. maysak gained super typhoon status just a few days ago. it has steady winds of 70 mph and gusts up to 90 mph.
bob barker hosted "the price is right" for the first time in eight years. he hosted the tv game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007. barker was 91 years old. carey took over hosting duties for the april 1 edition of the show.
yahya rashid, a uk national from northwest london, was arrested at luton airport on tuesday. he was charged with terror offenses after he returned to britain from turkey. he's charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism and assisting others.
paul walker died in november 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash. walker starred in the "fast and furious" film franchise. there have been multiple tributes to walker leading up to the release of "furious 7"   co-star and close friend vin diesel: "this movie is more than a movie"
anne frank died of typhus in bergen-belsen concentration camp at the age of 15. researchers say she and her older sister margot frank probably did not survive to march 1945. anne frank's death was believed to have been due to death by typhus. researchers re-examined archives and testimonies of survivors.
mike pence signed a religious freedom law that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians. op-ed: pence is drawing heat for his decision to sign the bill. johnny den den den says the issue of lgbt rights is a major issue in the 2016 general election. he says pence has scored points with ultraconservatives, but it's not enough. den: no republican can run for president without denouncing same-sex marriage.
mötley crüe's vince neil butchered the national anthem. whitney houston, roseanne barr, jimi hendrix and michael bolton have all performed versions of the song. president george h. w. bush called one version of the anthem "disgraceful"
walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues. walmart's opposition to a religious freedom law in arkansas puts the company at odds with many in the republican party. the backlash over the religious freedom laws is shining a light on the broader business community's support for gay rights.
amnesty international releases annual review of the death penalty worldwide. governments using death penalty in misguided attempt to tackle crime and terrorism, authors say. executions recorded in 22 countries, down by half from 20 years ago, but up by 500 in 2014. authors say governments are using the penalty as an easy way out when times are tough. there is no evidence death penalty is a deterrent to crime.
marseille prosecutor says no videos were used in the crash investigation. french gendarmerie spokesman says cell phones have been collected at the crash site but not exploited. two magazines claim to have cell phone video of the final seconds of germanwings flight 9525.
robert h. schuller was also the founder of crystal cathedral megachurch. he was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013. "hour of power" was one of the first sunday services to be broadcast on television. he sold a softer, gentler message.
michele bachmann compared president obama to the co-pilot of the germanwings flight. she compared him to a "deranged pilot" andreas lubitz. many comments on her facebook page blasted the former representative. she is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the president's iran deal.
louis jordan, 37, was rescued after being lost at sea for 66 days. his father says he was expecting his son to look different. jordan had been drifting on a sailboat for more than two months. his boat capsized twice and he was rescued by a container ship.
the u.s. and allies reached a framework agreement with iran to limit iran's nuclear program. peter bergen: opponents of the deal are making dubious assumptions and assertions. he says the agreement is not a treaty and does not have a sunset clause. bergen says iran denies having a nuclear weapons program and is cooperating with inspections.
california is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and fruits and nuts. there's a major drought throughout the west and southwest. consumers paid an extra 12.1% more for beef and veal in california last year because of the drought.
keonna thomas, 30, is charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for isis. she's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges. two new york women were also taken into custody. the fbi says thomas sent social media messages to others.
since iran's islamic revolution in 1979, women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men. a top iranian sports official says the ban will be lifted for some events in the next year. iranian authorities imposed the ban on women attending men's sports events after the revolution.
online activity is the alternative to traditional mainstream media in authoritarian countries. going online has become the path of least resistance for dissident voices. but it still brings resistance, some of it legal and some deadly. 11% of journalists have been killed for their work online since 1992.
avril lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease. the singer says she believes she was bitten by a tick. she was diagnosed with the disease after a fan tweeted a direct message about her health. lavigne is now declaring herself "80 percent better"
former boxer mike tyson lived in a gaudy mansion with a swimming pool and a jacuzzi. cnn's don lemon looks at some of the best videos of the week. the world's tallest and fastest roller coasters are on display at carowinds amusement park.
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war"    he says iran is a country of "congenital cheating" and can't be trusted to abide by the terms of the deal.   a senate democrat says netanyahu needs to "contain himself" and a republican says obama's successors "could do better"
memories pizza in walkerton, indiana, is at the center of the debate over the state's religious freedom restoration act. its owners said they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding. critics called for boycotts and threatened to burn down the pizzeria. supporters rallied to a gofundme page in support of the business.
police in the indian city of malegaon require residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to police. recent state-wide ban on the sale and consumption of beef in mahar maharashtra. over 100 cattle owners have complied with the police order.
sailors are often stranded at sea for days, weeks or even months. many of these stories end sadly, with a sailor dying at sea. miracles do happen, though, and many of them do have a happy ending. many people rely on ingenuity, resourcefulness and luck to survive.
the large hadron collider is the largest particle accelerator in the world. the lhc restarted after a two-year shutdown. the purpose of the project is to recreate the conditions after the "big bang"   scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved. it generates up to 600 million particles per second.
fbi agents and task force officers were chasing an armed robbery suspect. kevone charleston, 36, is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies. two fbi agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. he was shot and wounded by fbi officers, a sheriff's deputy says.
the total lunar eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds. people west of the mississippi river will have the best view. parts of south america, india, china and russia also will be able to see the eclipse. it's the shortest total eclipse of the century. nasa says it will be visible from western north america.
terror group al-shabaab claimed attack on garissa university college in eastern kenya. al- shabaab is driven by radical interpretation of islam and isis, says frida ghitis. ghitis: attack is part of a broader regional context of instability fueled by a range of factors. she says the region's security problems won't be solved without a concerted effort to address wider security problems.
easter is a cornerstone of the christian faith. it celebrates the crucifixion and resurrection of christ. it doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around depending on cosmic events. the moon and the earth's tilting axis determine the date of easter sunday.
the ncaa says it has no legal responsibility to ensure the academic integrity of student-athletes at member institutions. the organization says it does not assume a duty to make sure education is delivered to athletes. the ncaa has said for years that the education of athletes is paramount.
cassandra c., 17, is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments. she was diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma in september. a judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. she will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being.
mark ronson's "uptown funk!" is the longest-leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s. it's the 10th single to spend at least 13 weeks at no. 1. "funk" is a record-tying 13th week atop the hot 100.
the temperature was recorded at argentina's esperanza base on the northern tip of antarctica. the world meteorological organization is in the process of setting up an ad-hoc committee to collect evidence. the temperature is possibly the highest ever recorded on the continent.
the u.s. religious freedom restoration act was passed in 1993. 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law. a native american with eagle feathers was in violation of the federal eagle protection act. a brazilian faith's use of a tea from the amazon is illegal under federal law.
robert lewis burns jr. was part of the original lineup of lynyrd skynyrd. burns, 64, died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in a car crash. he was not restrained at the time of the crash, a georgia state patrol spokesman says.
kim ki-jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction. u.s. ambassador mark lippert was stabbed march 5 in seoul, south korea. police say kim, 55, opposed the joint south-u.s.-north korea military drills.
former banker, 29-year-old briton rurik jutting, charged with two counts of murder in hong kong. police found the bodies of two women in a suitcase hidden on the balcony of an apartment in november. a court hearing has been adjourned until may.
thai airways subsidiary thai smile unveils colorful new airline livery featuring characters from "adventure time"   the inaugural adventure time flight takes place on april 4 from bangkok to phuket. the adventure time plane is the result of a partnership with cartoon network amazone and a new water park.
chelsea manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking classified documents. manning says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets. she is not allowed internet access in prison. she was formerly known as bradley manning.   manning was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents.
president barack obama has a huge political stake in reaching a nuclear deal with iran. frida ghitis: obama's legacy in foreign policy is intertwined with reaching a deal. she says the process has been weakened by political considerations. ghitis says iran has a well-established record of lying about its nuclear program.
"furious 7" is expected to debut in the $135 million-$138 million range at the box office this weekend. it's the largest opening in north america since fall 2013. the movie is opening around the globe. it earned a record-breaking $60 million internationally.
deion sanders jr. said he only eats "hood doughnuts" on twitter. his father reminded his son he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line. the elder sanders told his son to "stop the hood stuff"   deion's son is a wide receiver at southern methodist university.
ruben navarrette: rolling stone article about alleged gang rape at virginia fraternities could be defamatory. he says the law of defamation is strict, and groups can't sue for defamation, but individual members can. navarrete: a defamation case must show the statement was "of or concerning" the plaintiff. he said rolling stone is not an individual, but a group and can't be sued for defamation. navarrette says rolling stone could be sued, but it's unlikely.
shibuya ward in tokyo passes ordinance to recognize same-sex unions in japan. the move does not equate to heterosexual marriage. proponents of marriage equality say it is a step in the right direction. only traditional marriages are recognized under japan's constitution. a recent poll shows support for gay marriage is gaining momentum.
public health officials warn consumers not to eat any products made at the company's broken arrow, oklahoma, plant. blue bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants. listeria was recently found in a serving of ice cream from a hospital. it is the third time blue bell has recalled ice cream in light of a listeriosis outbreak.
japan's defense minister gen nakatani says japan's air self defense force has never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object. former wrestler-turned-lawmaker antonio inoki asked the question. inoki is a maverick politician who claims to have seen a ufo with his own eyes.
new: more than 50 people are killed in aden alone on monday. new: a draft resolution calling for a halt to the airstrikes is missing key elements, a diplomat says. yemen's deposed president abdu rabu mansour hadi fires his former army chief of staff. more than 600 people are estimated to have been killed in two weeks.
david lynch says the show's third season will continue without him. showtime network says it is "saddened" by lynch's decision. the cult 1990s show was set to return in 2016. lynch said he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show.
a university of kentucky guard andrew harrison said "f**k that (n-word)" after the team's loss to wisconsin. harrison says his words were "in jest" and that he meant no disrespect to frank kaminsky.
the fbi confirms that malaysian bomb maker marwan was killed in a philippines raid in january. marwan had been falsely reported dead after a raid by philippine security forces in 2012. 44 members of the police's elite special action force were killed in the raid. the fbi had offered a $5 million reward for his capture.
epa says there was a presence of methyl bromide in the villa where the family was staying. the family of four fell ill at a luxury villa in st. john. the department of justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter. the epa is investigating whether a fumigation at the resort caused the illness.
chris rock tweeted a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks. blacks are about 30% more likely to be pulled over by police than whites. rock hasn't commented on the tweets. he previously made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks.
five out of six people were injured by broken glass. more than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze. the blast occurred at an oil storage facility after an oil leak. the plant produces paraxylene, a reportedly carcinogenic chemical. the explosion occurred at a controversial chemical plant in fujian province.
fedex faces a 15-count indictment in the war on drugs. john avlon says a corporation can be prosecuted like a person. he says corporations are easier to prosecute than people. avlon: fedex argues that it is not liable for "possessing" drugs. the department of justice disagrees, he says.
mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing. the film is titled "patriots' day" and is being produced by cbs films. he is hoping to play boston police commissioner ed davis in the film. it is the second film related to the bombing to be announced.
model manuela arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new hyundai sonata. host drew carey couldn't stop laughing. it's been a busy week for "the price is right" host bob barker, 91, also appeared on the show.
carlos colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. police found human remains in a duffel bag in cambridge, massachusetts. the remains belonged to the same victim, authorities say.
"arrested development" executive producer brian grazer says the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes. netflix had no comment. the fourth season was streamed exclusively on netflix in 2013. it is not yet known if the full cast will return.
"mad men" is a show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times. matthew weiner and his cast have been tight-lipped about the end of the series. the last season ended with the moon landing. with the '60s screaming towards their conclusion, "mad men's" probably won't jump ahead.
"vampire diaries" star nina dobrev announced she will be leaving the show at the end of this season. many fans are angry at the producers for allowing the show to go on to a seventh season after she leaves. many are upset with the decision to end the show.
federal education minister smriti irani spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of a fabindia store in goa. four employees of the ethnic-wear chain have been arrested, police say. the manager is still at large. the arrested staff have been charged with voyeurism and breach of privacy.
nine british citizens were arrested at the turkey-syria border, the turkish military says. the group included four children, the oldest of which was 10 or 11, a turkish official says. all nine had passports, the foreign office says. it didn't say why the group was trying to cross illegally into syria.
"the submarine is in a dry dock" at a russian shipyard, a law enforcement source says. insulation caught on fire as welding work was being done on the sub, state-run news agency reports. no ammunition is on board, and no one was injured. the sub had been undergoing repairs since 2013.
kayahan was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990. he competed in the eurovision song contest in 1990, finishing 17th. he died five days after his 66th birthday. the singer was best known for his love songs. he recorded nearly 20 albums, his most popular was "i made a vow"
zhou yongkang is the highest-ranking chinese communist party official ever to face corruption charges. he was charged with accepting bribes and abuse of power and leaking state secrets. he retired in 2012. zhou has not been seen in public since he was arrested last year.
in the new testament, money gets 37 mentions. money was a concern for the first-century evangelists. jesus told his apostles to follow him on an itinerant mission with no visible means of support. "purse" and "denarii" are two of the most popular currency references in the bible.
a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office in balkh province, northern afghanistan. two police officers and a security guard are among the dead. most staff members and civilians have been rescued. an exchange of fire between afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing.
sen. rand paul announced he's running for president of the u.s. rand paul has questioned voting rights and civil rights legislation. paul's team said his campaign was about "expanding the republican party"    paul is trying to sell himself as a minority outreach candidate, but his views are outside the mainstream.
tv5monde says it was "hacked by an islamist group"    the network's director calls the attack an "extremely powerful cyberattack" the network is gradually regaining control of one of its 11 channels and its social media accounts.   no claim of responsibility by isis or any other group.
felix the cat went missing after a flight from abu dhabi to new york's john f. kennedy airport. etihad airways says the cat's carrier was crushed and damaged. the airline is investigating the incident and working with ground handlers at the airport to find the cat.
new england patriot aaron hernandez and boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev's court trials are coming to a close. sen. rand paul announced he will run for president in louisville, kentucky. in chicago, voters will head to the polls in a surprising runoff for mayor.
the fire broke out at the general electric appliance park in louisville, kentucky. there are no reports of anyone injured or trapped. authorities don't know what caused the fire. the fire is at least four alarms. the park is a large industrial park.
texas senator ted cruz is the only official 2016 presidential candidate in iowa. cruz, a christian, is courting the state's evangelical base. he was one of the loudest defenders of the religious freedom law in indiana. iowa is known for its vocal and active evangelical base, and cruz wants to win the state.
kenyans use social media to share the victims' stories, hopes and dreams. the attack at garissa university college killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel. one of the attackers was the son of a government official. kenyans are using the hashtag #147notjustanumber.
california's public utilities commission orders pacific gas & electric co. to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty. most of the penalty is for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system. a section of the company's pipeline exploded in september 2010, killing eight people in san bruno.
dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty of all 30 counts in the boston marathon bombing trial. he is eligible for the death penalty. jurors deliberated for 11½ hours. the penalty phase of the trial will begin. tsarnaev's defense attorney judy clarke faces an uphill battle to convince the jury to spare his life.
state oil company pemex says 45 workers are injured in the blaze. two of them are in serious condition. the fire began early wednesday morning. about 300 people were evacuated from the abkatun permanente platform off the coast of mexico. no oil spill has been reported.
easter is unique on the christian calendar, a major point in the cycle of the religious year. john sutter: easter triduum refers to the three days of easter: good friday, holy saturday and easter sunday. he says many christians don't know about the significance of holy week. sutter: jesus was never trying to erase judaism. easter embraces the mystery and promise of the resurrection.
police in lucknow, northern india, has bought four pepper-spraying drones. the drones will be used to monitor crowds during violent protests. views on the measure are mixed, with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech. the drone surveillance will be officially launched by the chief minister of lucknow.
a female employee accused xavier morales, a supervisor within the secret service, of assault after he made sexual advances at her. morales was a supervisor at a secret service party. he was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended. secret service director joe clancy called the allegations "very disturbing"
investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a french police official says. a private security company will guard the site until the remaining debris is collected. investigators have collected all the main evidence from germanwings flight 9525 crash site. the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder were found at the site.
apil 8 was also "rex manning day" and "empire records" day. jack's sketch of rose and rose in "titanic" is dated april 14, 1912. october 3 is officially "mean girls day" in the 2004 film.
twisted sister's 2016 tour is being titled "forty and f*ck it" next year marks the band's 40th anniversary. the band will play with a new drummer, mike portnoy of adrenaline mob. twisted sister will also perform two shows in a.j. pero's honor.
"grace of monaco" will premiere on lifetime on memorial day, may 25. the film was directed by olivier dahan. the weinstein co. bought the rights to the film at the 2013 berlin film festival. it was originally scheduled to be released in march 2014.
one person is killed in fairdale, illinois. a new sheriff says the tornado spared 20 homes in ogle county. a video shows a massive twister barreling across a field in iowa. the twister was the only death reported so far in two days of tornado touchdowns.
a witness says he didn't see walter scott grab michael slager's taser. slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old scott. a police report says slager told dispatchers he was "in foot pursuit" of another motorist.
kanye west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery. the photographer, daniel ramos, had filed the civil suit against west. west attacked ramos and tried to wrestle his camera from him at los angeles airport in july 2013. the hip-hop star was sentenced to two years' probation.
don mclean's pop masterpiece "american pie" is 44 years old and sold for $1.2 million. john sutter says the song is a talisman that keeps bringing joy to listeners everywhere. he says it's a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad and high-art rock. sutter: mclean wrote it as a cultural anthem for a generation lost in space.
mary kay letourneau fualaau served seven years in prison for having an affair with her 13-year-old student. she was a married teacher and mother of four at the time. she and her husband, vili fualaau, wed after she was released in 2005. the couple will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on may 20.
don mclean's manuscript of "american pie" sold for $1.2 million at christie's auction. the song is one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in pop music. the manuscript is 16 pages and includes 237 lines of manuscript and 26 lines of typed text.
mindy kaling's brother vijay chokalingam revealed he applied to medical school claiming to be african-american. he says he posed as a black man to improve his chances of getting into a top university. he received only one offer of admission to st. louis, one of the nation's top medical schools.
john travolta is one of the church of scientology's most high-profile members. he says he has not seen hbo's new documentary "going clear: scientology and the prison of belief"   he said he believed the doc was a result of "people who were disgruntled with their experiences" with the church.
anthony ray hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers. a new trial was ordered in 2014. hinton, 58, was freed after nearly 30 years on death row for murders he says he didn't commit. he thanked god and his lawyers for his release.
b. king's dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes, his daughter claudette king says. "i'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital," he says. b. king is back home resting and enjoying time with his grandchildren. the blues legend was hospitalized for dehydration.
katie, a giraffe at the dallas zoo, gave birth to a baby calf early friday evening. katie's labor was captured by 10 cameras and streamed live by animal planet. there was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition. the baby joins a sister, 4-year-old calf jamie.
a senior obama administration official says washington is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion of mosul. mosul has long been the big prize in iraq's fight to defeat isis. winning mosul will "take a lot of capacity" and "some time to build," the official says.
"game of thrones" returns for a fifth season on hbo sunday. the premiere will air simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time. executive producer david benioff says the battles are "starting to build to a crescendo"   some of the major story arcs will move ahead of where george martin is in the books.
chinese television host bi fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song. he was caught on camera cursing the late chairman mao zedong. making disrespectful references to china's leaders in public is considered a taboo in china. bi later apologized and apologized to the public.
dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 counts for the boston marathon bombings. "justice has been served," a victim's family member says. "no verdict can ever make up for the pain," a survivor says. the verdict brings a mix of emotions for survivors and victims' family members.
richard dysart played leland mckenzie in "l.a. law" for eight seasons. he was nominated for emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series four straight years. dysart also played coach in the original 1972 broadway production of "that championship season" he was 86.
president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with iran, says rep. john kerry. he says president obama's administration has agreed to a framework for a deal on iran's nuclear program. kerry: the deal lacks safeguards to stop iran from cheating. iran is the biggest state sponsor of terrorism.
the vii summit of the americas was supposed to be about a symbolic handshake between president barack obama and president raul castro. venezuelan president nicolas maduro recently accused the u.s. of trying to topple his government. cuba's foreign minister has sided publicly with maduro.
martin o'malley and jim webb are both toying with a presidential run. both are facing long odds in the 2016 democratic nomination process. in a recent poll, only 1% of iowa democrats said they were their top choice. the two democrats don't know each other. hillary clinton leads the field.
mullah mohammed omar is "still the leader" of the taliban, according to a new biography. afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of omar's demise. the reclusive militant is credited with founding the group in the early 1990s. omar disappeared after a u.s.-led bombing campaign.
a photo of a cat coming down some stairs is trending on social media. the picture was apparently uploaded on imgur a few days ago. people are debating whether the cat is going down the stairs or up some stairs. the image has caught fire on twitter and other social media sites.
spotters report reports of a tornado in goddard, kansas. more storms are expected in the midwest and missouri. a tornado may have touched down in potosi, missouri, the weather service says. more reports of tornadoes are reported in southwestern kansas, the storm prediction center says.
pope francis has reawakened the faith of a lapsed catholic. john sutter says the pope's tone is different from that of other catholic leaders. he says pope francis does not judge and is humble. sutter: the pope is conservative in the right way, but it's not to allow sin in the church.
liana barrientos has been married 10 times, prosecutors say. she pleaded not guilty to two criminal counts of offering a false instrument in an immigration scam. she is charged with theft of service and criminal trespass for allegedly sneaking into the new york subway. she has been charged with being married to 10 men.
new: a police chief says the shootings are connected. a guard at the u.s. census bureau is in extremely critical condition. police chief: a chase ends in a crash and a shootout. an officer and the suspect are wounded in the incident. authorities believe the shooting was a domestic kidnapping incident.
an amnesty international report is calling for authorities to address attacks on women's rights activists in afghanistan. u.n. report examines the persecution of activists and champions of women's right in the country. in 2013, the number of women killed inafghanistan increased by 20% from the previous year. women activists are risking their lives to be heard.
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the university of michigan not to show "american sniper"   some students believed the movie's depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east and people from that region. the university says it was a mistake to cancel the movie as part of a social event.
the former chairman of satyam computers services was also fined $804,000. ramalinga raju was convicted of cheating, criminal conspiracy and breach of public trust. the case has been compared to the 2001 enron corp. scandal. in 2009, satyams computers was at the center of a $1.6 billion fraud case.
carlos colina, 32, will be arraigned for murder, the middlesex district attorney's office says. his remains were found in a duffel bag on saturday. colina was arraigned earlier this week on charges of assault and battery in another case.
"star wars" comes to digital hd on friday. the collection of the first six movies will include many special features. sound effects of the movies will be a focus of the collection. sound designer ben burtt explains which animals were used to capture the alien sounds.
iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed u.s. navy helicopter over the persian gulf this month. the incident sparked concern that iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces. no shots were fired and the incident was not a military encounter.
sweden grants 480 calendar days of parental leave, with 390 paid at 80% of income. only 12% of swedish couples equally share the 480 days of leave. photographer johan bavman documented the real-life experience of fathers taking full advantage of sweden's parental leave.
craig hicks, 46, is charged in the deaths of three muslim college students in chapel hill, north carolina. a judge ruled hicks' case is "death penalty qualified"    hicks was the victims' neighbor and was arrested february 10.
hbo released a teaser video for season 2 of "true detective"   the new season premieres june 21. colin farrell, vince vaughn, rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch star in the show. the first season starred matthew mcconaughey and woody harrelson.
lauren hill was diagnosed with a rare brain cancer in 2013. she played college basketball for mount st. joseph university in cincinnati. hill helped raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research. hill died early friday, her high school principal says.
new: indiana pacers player chris copeland is in stable condition. two atlanta hawks were not involved in the stabbing, police say. a new york club says the incident occurred after copeland and a friend left the club. a suspect was arrested and two other people were arrested in the incident. copeland was a member of the indiana hawks.
martin o'malley is a former governor of maryland and possible presidential contender. he told reporters in iowa that inevitability is not unbreakable. clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but lost to barack obama. the former governor said the democratic party is full of "good leaders"
new: a state trooper stopped the private bus because it wasn't displaying u.s. tax stickers, authorities say. nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia. the 40-year-old rapper from st. louis shot to fame 15 years ago.
walter scott was a catalyst for change in america, his brother says. police officers accompany the body to his funeral service. scott's daughter reads a poem of love at the service. the father of four was shot dead by a police officer last week in south carolina.
guatemala ranks third in the world in the killings of women. nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed in guatemala. the country's civil war left a legacy of violence against women. women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted culture of misogyny.
hillary clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. julian zelizer says she is one of the strongest candidates in decades. he says clinton will have to contend with doubts about her authenticity and connect with voters. zelizer: clinton must avoid following al gore's path and be more authentic.
"lost river" is ryan gosling's first feature as director. a year after its debut, the film has been divisive. the film's setting is a decaying detroit. the director says the city was at the heart of the project. he says the film paints a nihilistic image of wanton destruction of the motor city.
7-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup slurpee day at u.s. stores. customers can fill their own cup for $1.49, the average cost of a medium slurpee. the promotion is not to be confused with slurpee free day.
elizabeth sedway says she was removed from an alaska airlines flight in hawaii because she has cancer. an airline spokeswoman says the decision was made with "the customer's well-being" in mind. alaska has apologized to sedway and refunded her and her family's tickets.
university of virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus. the school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault. rolling stone retracted an article about a purported gang rape at the university. women came forward to talk about a culture on campus that was not sensitive to victims.
ferguson citizens elected two new black city council members on tuesday. authors: department of justice is negotiating with the city to restructure police department. they say change is coming to ferguson's government, but it must be driven by community activists. authors say ferguson police department was a collection agency that preyed on its own citizens.
the lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old gary terry, died at the scene. the driver of the car was hospitalized with minor injuries. the exotic driving experience is a fantasy sports car ride at walt disney world speedway. the car's driver lost control of the vehicle, police say.
oliver minatel says a stranger sitting behind him on air canada flight tried to choke him with the cord of his headphones. minatel is a professional soccer player traveling with his team. the man was escorted off the plane after the flight landed at atlanta's hartsfield.
robert durst is accused of possessing a.38 caliber revolver. he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison. he is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. durst faces a first-degree murder charge in louisiana. he's accused of killing his friend  susan berman in 2000.
almost 2,000 inscriptions of world war i soldiers have been found in a chalk quarry in naours, france. the inscriptions date back almost 100 years. the underground city dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century. about 40% of the soldiers are australians, a photographer says.
l loretta lynch's nomination for attorney general is a historic pick. she would be the first african-american woman attorney general. her confirmation vote has been delayed longer than any other attorney general nominee in recent history. lynch was nominated by president obama in november.
this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of nearly 2,000 confirmed "exoplanets" astronomers estimate there are 40 billion earth-like planets in our milky way galaxy alone. nasa's new missions will look for evidence of life elsewhere in the universe. but the chances of finding intelligent life are very slim, says author.
aaron hernandez's defense wraps up its case in the trial of former new england patriots player odin lloyd. jurors will hear closing arguments from both sides on tuesday. much of the evidence in the case is circumstantial. the prosecution and defense rested on monday.
jordan spieth leads the masters by four shots after third round. tiger woods and phil mickelson finish six under par at the masters. rory mcilroy drops two shots late on in the round to finish on six under. justin rose surges to second place after finishing twelve under.
the father is in stable condition and improving, his attorney says. steve esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother are in critical condition. the presence of a pesticide at the villa may have caused the illnesses, the u.s. environmental protection agency says. the family's attorney says the family is hopeful for a full recovery.
a new york judge authorized service of divorce papers on a husband via facebook. the law of service of process requires people to be served in person to notify a defendant of a lawsuit. but many defendants avoid being served papers, and procrastination is a viable defense. a process server can't be trusted to deliver legal papers.
the commissioner-general of the u.n. relief and works agency will make an emergency visit to the yarmouk refugee camp. pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp. the camp has been under the control of armed groups since december 2012.
burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people in the uk, says former london police officer roy ramm. sophisticated heists are not a natural progression for burglars, he says. ramm says the motive of a high-value crime is often to make money. he says the planning behind a heist is usually meticulous and meticulously planned.
fans of paul walker praise the ending of "furious 7" for being a fitting tribute to the late actor. the movie's producers wanted to retire walker's character, brian, while paying homage to his role in the franchise. many moviegoers said they got choked up during scenes featuring walker.
selena's family is creating a hologram-like figure of the singer. selena died 20 years ago. her sister says she will be the first figure to use the technology. the project is being called "selena the one" the singer's family plans to release new music in 2018.
95 of the celebrity infinity's 2,117 passengers have suffered from gastrointestinal illness. five members of the crew have also been affected. this is the third time the ship has suffered an outbreak of the illness. the centers for disease control has yet to determine what's causing the ailments.
the original cast of twin peaks is backing co-creator david lynch in his salary dispute with showtime. lynch announced sunday that he was exiting showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute. the stars appear in a video backing lynch and a #savetwinpeaks campaign. showtime says it "continues to hold out hope" for a revival.
former tsa agent daniel boykin, 33, was sentenced to six months in jail for invasion of privacy. police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on his phone and computer. the incident happened in a tsa-only restroom. boykin was terminated last year.
five young chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. their lawyer says police recommended prosecutors press charges of "assembling a crowd to disturb public order"   the women were detained on march 6 and march 7 in three chinese cities. the detention of the five has provoked an international outcry.
a section of a fiberglass boat is suspected to be from the japan earthquake and tsunami. it was found off the oregon coast and towed into harbor. inside the boat are specimens of yellowtail jack fish normally found in japanese waters. the fish will be taken to an aquarium.
ryan calhoun and delonte martistee, students at troy university, are charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators. the two are accused of gang raping a woman at panama city beach in florida. police found video of the alleged rape during an unrelated shooting investigation.
"star wars" is streaming on digital hd. mindy kaling's brother says he faked being black to get into medical school. joel burger and ashley king got a free wedding from burger king. michelle obama danced during the easter egg roll.
isis claims it controls part of iraq's largest oil refinery. iraqi government security officials deny that claim. the group says it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday. the refinery is a key strategic resource and a lucrative target for militants. isis says its fighters are inside the facility.
cuba is attending the summit of the americas for the first time since 1962. the u.s. has not blocked cuba's attempt to join. cuba is trying to re-establish relations with washington at the summit in panama. the two countries are in talks to thaw diplomatic relations after decades of tension. but cuba still remains on the state department's list of countries that support terrorism.
alaska airlines flight 448 was on its way to los angeles from seattle. the pilot reported hearing banging from the cargo hold. it turned out to be a ramp agent who had fallen asleep. the plane was only in the air for 14 minutes. a federal air marshal made an emergency landing of the plane.
nigerian president-elect muhammadu buhari marks the anniversary of the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls. the girls were abducted by boko haram militants a year ago. more than 200 schoolgirls are still missing. each of the missing girls has had a birthday in captivity.
a hooded angel with black wings appeared near the spot where walter scott was shot and killed by a police officer. it's been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement. creator phillip hyman grew up in the neighborhood. he crafted the artwork as a way of mourning with scott's family.
police say a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left in a park in philadelphia. the man's mother is charged with abandoning her son and going to see her boyfriend in maryland. police say the man was found in the woods with only a blanket and a bible. he suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to the back.
chinese-born entrepreneur jia jiang blogged about "100 days of rejection" to overcome his fear of rejection. jiang's book rejection proof is a self-help book on how to overcome the fear of being rejected. he has been viewed 7 million times on youtube and has written a book on the subject.
cnn's brian todd and khalil abdallah were on a rainy street in washington when they saw a brood of baby ducks. pedestrians stopped to help the ducklings and their mom cross a busy street. a man gave up his umbrella to corral the mother duck.
new: nyia parler cannot be extradited until she completes unspecified "treatment," police say. new: police add attempted murder to the list of charges against the mother. police say she left her quadriplegic son in the woods while she went to visit her boyfriend in maryland. a man found the 21-year-old man in a park in philadelphia, new jersey, on friday.
pentagon says a u.s. reconnaissance plane was intercepted by a russian fighter jet over the baltic sea on tuesday. the crew believed the actions of the russian pilot were "unsafe and unprofessional"   the u.s. is complaining to moscow about the incident.    a year ago, a russia jet flew within 100 feet of arc-135u.
nyia parler, 41, cannot be extradited to face charges in philadelphia until she completes unspecified "treatment," police say. police say she left her quadriplegic son in the woods while she went to see her boyfriend in maryland. a man found the 21-year-old man in a park covered in a blanket with a bible and a wheelchair.
kansas gov. sam brownback signed the law on tuesday. the law bans a common second-term abortion procedure known as "dismemberment abortion" it is the first of its kind in the united states. planned parenthood advocates of kansas and mid-missouri sharply criticized the move.
jill (duggar) dillard gave birth to a son monday. she and husband derick dillard have named him israel david. the baby went past his due date by more than a week. dillard is the first daughter to be married from the hit reality show "19 kids and counting"
ron lane was a longtime employee at wayne community college in goldsboro, north carolina. police say the suspect, kenneth morgan stancil, was found sleeping on a beach. police are looking into whether the killing may have been a hate crime. the suspect was let go from the college in march.
former australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster richie benaud dies at the age of 84. benaud was a veteran of 64 test matches. he led the australian side from 1958/59 through to 1963/1964. he was being treated for skin cancer last year.
irish betting company paddy power backtracks after tweeting "newcastle have suffered more kop beatings than unarmed african-american men"   company spokesman says it was a joke, and no offense was meant. the tweet has since been deleted. company is well-known for its use of publicity stunts.
migrants were rescued 30 miles off the coast of libya. at least 480 migrants have died crossing the mediterranean since the beginning of the year. most migrants come from africa and the middle east. italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving in the first three months of 2015.
president barack obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" israel maintains a military advantage over iran. his comments come amid criticism from israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu of the deal struck with iran to halt iran's nuclear ambitions.
c cape verde is home to more musicians per square kilometer than any other country in the world. the atlantic island country is seeking to tap-into the economic potential of music to help its economy flourish. the creative economy is expected to account for 20% of the country's gdp by 2024.
"double falsehood" was first published in 1728 by lewis theobald. new research indicates it was written by shakespeare himself. two scholars analyzed the writings of shakespeare and his friend john fletcher. the study is the first to analyze "double falsehood's" authorship from a psychological perspective.
kenya freezes 86 accounts linked to suspected terror supporters. the government is tracking finances of people suspected of ties to al-shabaab. a military source says the airstrikes are not retaliation for the attack. kenyans mourn the 147 people killed at a university in garissa.
jodi arias was sentenced to life in prison for the murder of her ex-boyfriend travis alexander. she was found guilty of first-degree murder in may 2013. a second jury was unable to reach a unanimous decision on the death penalty.
chinese authorities detained five women's rights activists for planning to protest on international women's day in china. lu rongrong: the detentions are ironic as china has been praised for promoting women's rights. she says the activists are young, confident and assertive. wu: the government is trying to strangle independent activists' work.
nasa astrophysicist amy mainzer has named an asteroid after education activist malala yousafzai. mainzer discovered asteroid 316201 malala in june 2010. she named it after the teen who was wounded by a taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls to go to school.
emy afalava was born in american samoa, a u.s. territory since 1900. he and other samoans are seeking to become citizens of the united states. he says the supreme court has ruled that americans born on u.s. soil are not citizens under the constitution.   emy says the court's ruling in the dred scott case legitimized slavery and denied rights to blacks.
over the last year more than 25,000 people have fought ebola infections. more than 10,000 have not survived. dozens are still newly infected each week. the largest ebola epidemic in history revealed flaws in government systems that are supposed to protect us. in guinea and liberia, the number of cases has fallen but remains high.
"the solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department," attorney general eric holder writes in a memo. the directive comes after a report found dea agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes. the memo comes from the attorney general to members of the u.s. justice department.
nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals. john sutter: there has been public outrage at the idea of plea deal sterilization as a punishment. he says it's a voluntary choice of sterilization, and it's not unconstitutional. sutter says the court has not ruled on the issue of compulsory sterilisation as punishment.
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty in the boston marathon bombing. iyasim al-amin: we need to understand radicalization of young muslims. he says it's about understanding what radicalization is and how to prevent it. al- amin: muslim's aren't unusually predisposed to violence. we don't need to reform islam, he says.
a bystander's video of a police officer killing a black man raises questions about the lack of a third-party recording of police killings. authors: we don't know when and where police killings take place. they say a law that requires the justice department to collect data on deaths by police has been ignored. authors say congress has failed to enforce the 1994 law to collect the data.
apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity in emojis. john sutter: apple has added a range of skin tones and a gay and lesbian couple emoji. he says many people are happy to see more diversity, but other minority groups are still left out.
hillary clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the u.s. for the next year and a half, hillary clinton is running for president. julian zelizer: clinton's loss would perpetuate the myth that women can't win big elections. he says clinton has 23 years of experience and name recognition. zelizer says women who have run for office perform just as well as men.
"a.d. the bible continues" debuts on nbc. mark burnett and roma downey star in a new miniseries of "the bible"   billy crystal returns to television in "the comedians," a meta mockumentary about the making of a comedy show.
pentagon released a map showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of iraqi territory seized by isis. counterinsurgency specialist afzal ashraf says the map is telling about the coalition's strategy. he says most of the losses are around the edges of isis's territory.
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor to stay second in english premier league. aaron ramsey scores only goal of the game. arsene wenger's side close to within four points of first placed chelsea. aston villa beat tottenham to keep good form under new coach tim sherwood. sunderland lose 4-1 at home to crystal palace.
attorneys: a police body camera could have prevented the shooting of walter scott by officer michael slager. john sutter: body cameras are expensive, but the value of a human life is worth it. he says there is a bias against black men that has infiltrated the criminal justice system. sutter says body cameras can help break the cycle of police shootings.
8 out of 10 american taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes. david frum says tax day has become a happy spending spree for most americans. taxes are biased against modern families and wage earners, he says. he says the u.s. income tax system is increasingly a wage tax with limited taxes on capital.
yarmouk camp is a refugee camp for palestinians on the outskirts of damascus. only about 18,000 people remain in the camp. pro-government factions besiege the area from the outside, cutting off supplies and aid. isis fighters stormed the rebel-held area two weeks ago. international aid groups can do very little to help.
amy schumer's archery fail was a misfire at the 2015 mtv movie awards. channing tatum twerked for jennifer lopez. kevin hart brought his kids onstage to accept his comedic genius award. shailene woodley and dave dave franco's performance was touching.
paul bettany is playing the vision in the "avengers: age of ultron" sequel. marvel studios released a poster for the character. ben hardy also announced a new character for next year's "x-men: apocalypse"    marvel also released a video of charlie cox's red daredevil suit.
odin lloyd was killed in june 2013. aaron hernandez was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. "odin was the backbone of the family," his mother tells the court. he was 27-years-old and a pro-football player.
new england patriots star aaron hernandez potentially faces three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions. he is accused of killing two men and wounding another in a double-murder trial. the trial has been postponed, a district attorney's office says. he also faces a grievance over unpaid bonus money.
"orphan black" returns for its second season on april 18. tatiana maslany says fans can expect more complex clone scenes. "turn: washington's spies" returns with a new subtitle. the world of westeros returns for a fifth season of "game of thrones"
actress alyssa milano says workers at heathrow airport allegedly confiscated breast milk she pumped for her daughter. milano was on a "romantic getaway" with her husband at the time. the milk was allegedly confiscated. a blogger mom also had her pumped milk confiscated at the airport in 2011.
ray gricar went missing ten years ago. a district attorney in centre county, pennsylvania, vanished. his laptop and hard drive were found abandoned on the banks of a river. investigators have no leads in the case. the prevailing theory is that he committed suicide or walked away.
lincoln's two greatest legacies grew organically from his midwestern roots, says john avlon. he says abraham lincoln knew no defensible border shielded the land of corn from cotton. lincoln was born in illinois and moved to indiana, he says. avlon: the 150th anniversary of lincoln's death is a day to remember his legacy.   he says lincoln believed the union created the states, not vice versa.
marvel's "daredevil" streamed its entire first season on netflix on friday morning. charlie cox stars as blind attorney matt murdock. 94% of critics give it positive reviews on rotten tomatoes. the show is already a hit with fans and critics.
ringling bros. center for elephant conservation houses 29 elephants. the circus company decided this year to stop using elephants in its traveling circus. each elephant costs $65,000 a year to care for. the center is focused on breeding the animals and is a research and conservation center.
dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the boston marathon bombings last week. many people in boston celebrated "one boston day" on wednesday. many marathon runners and spectators wore white, blue and yellow pins to honor the bombing victims.
university of nairobi students heard explosions and thought it was a terror attack. as many as 108 students were admitted to hospital, the school says. one person died and hundreds were injured, the university says. the explosions were caused by a faulty electrical cable at the university's kikuyu campus.
robert bates turns himself in to authorities at the tulsa county jail. bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter monday. eric courtney harris' brother says no type of force should have been used in the arrest of his brother. video shows bates shooting harris in the back with a handgun instead of a taser.
iman hashi and her sister siham are two sisters from mogadishu, somali. they are working on their debut album. the sisters were forced to flee somali after war broke out in 1991. they work with the u.n. high commissioner for refugees. faarrow is a fusion of afro-pop and hip hop.
the reinforcements come four days after isis began attacking iraq's baiji oil refinery. isis says its fighters are inside the facility. iraqi troops are holding their ground, a paramilitary force says. the additional troops are being sent to reinforce colleagues at the refinery.
tepco's robotic probe stopped moving inside one of the damaged reactors at fukushima daiichi nuclear plant. the robot was deployed on friday to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris. a fallen object blocked the robot's path and left it stranded.
more than 500 houthi rebels have been killed, a saudi defense ministry official says. a nine-nation coalition has carried out 1,200 airstrikes since march 26. three saudi military officers were killed in shelling friday. the yemeni health ministry says 385 civilians have also been killed.
people in hong kong line up for hours to buy 'fake' jenny's cookies. people are hired to stand in line to buy the $9 a tin butter cookies. food mania has erupted in other parts of the world, sparking a black market for the treats.
new: a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers, witnesses say. no one has claimed responsibility for the attack. more than a dozen others are injured. the explosion happened outside a bus station in the nigerian city of gombe. the woman pretended to be waiting for a bus.
obama administration's point man in the fight against isis says the u.s. is in "uncharted territory"    brett mcgurk did not rule out expanding military action beyond iraq and syria to combat the terror group. he said more than 20,000 foreign fighters have gone into syria.
"amy: the girl behind the name" is set for uk release on july 3. amy winehouse died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 in 2011. the documentary has been endorsed by winehouse's family. the trailer features early footage of winehouse talking about her music career.
judge george a. o'toole tells jurors to avoid anything that could be prejudicial in the sentencing phase of dzhokhar tsarnaev's trial. he warns jurors not to attend the boston marathon or any other events related to the anniversary of the bombings. a jury convicted tsarnaev on all 30 counts in the 2013 bombings.
john t. booker jr. was charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at fort riley military base in kansas. he posted on facebook about "the adrenaline rush" of dying in jihad. a second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, is charged with failing to report a felony.
gwyneth paltrow is participating in the #foodbanknycchallenge. it is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week. the actress tweeted a picture of her food purchases. the challenge is in response to recent cuts to food stamps.
a swarm of asian carp attacked the washington university of rowing team's boat at creve coeur lake. no rowers were injured in the incident. the fish were part of a swarm of fish that emerged from the water early friday morning. no one was injured.
muhammadu buhari says he plans to aggressively fight corruption and go after the root of the nation's unrest. buhari defeated incumbent goodluck jonathan by about 2 million votes. jon nathan calls buhari to concede defeat. boko haram and the economy are major issues for nigeria's new president.
isis fighters have taken the east of baghdad, iraq, the only safe route from iraq's capital to neighboring anbar province. isis fighters moved into towns just to the north of ramadi, sending thousands fleeing on foot into the city. many are shell-shocked and exhausted. a local official describes how security forces failed to stop the advance of isis.
yemenis are fleeing across the bab al-mandab strait to seek refuge in djibouti. the u.n. says thousands more refugees are expected. many of the refugees are living in makeshift tents and tents. one woman says her family's journey across the strait was "a window into hell"
georgia gov. nathan deal signed a bill that will legalize low-thc cannabis oil for certain medical conditions. medical marijuana is legal in nearly half the states. georgia's law is specific to a handful of conditions. the bill opens the door for the use of cannabis oil to treat certain conditions. haleigh cox's mother moved her daughter to colorado to get medical marijuana.
photographer carolina sandretto focuses on cuba's "solares," the crumbling buildings that many cubans divide and cohabitate in. following fidel castro's 1959 revolution, cubans were forced to adapt by dividing and dividing up homes. gaining entrance to the solares was a constant negotiation for the italian photographer.
the white house insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the iran nuclear deal. julian zelizer says it would be a mistake to move forward with the deal as an executive agreement without congress' consent. he says there is a history of congress causing trouble for important international treaties. zelizer: presidents have pushed for treaties even in a contentious congressional environment.
lady antebellum's tour bus catches fire on interstate 30 near dallas, texas. michael barnett captured video of the fire. everyone on board was safely evacuated. hillary scott, her husband, the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely. the bus stopped after a rear tire blew out.
the bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix" to ensure payments to medicare providers keep up with inflation. the senate passes the bill 92 to 8. the house approved the bill overwhelmingly more than two weeks ago. some conservative senators balked at the bill's price.
roxy walsh was caught up in a rip current while snorkeling at finn's beach in bali. she found a gold ring engraved with the words, "darling joe, happy 70th birthday 2009. love jenny"   joe langley had lost the ring nine months earlier when he lost it in the same spot. joe's wife, jenny, had engraved the ring for his birthday.
at least 12 people are killed in attacks on a police station, a checkpoint and a highway in egypt's northern sinai. ansar beit al-maqdis, an isis affiliate, claims responsibility for the attacks. three security personnel are injured in a third attack on a checkpoint, state media reports.
hln's #meforreal is a conversation about the way we present ourselves online. tag your favorite unscripted, unedited, un-perfected moments using the hashtag. tag p!nk's body-hate response to critics and share photos of yourself.
cynthia lennon was married for six years, from 1962 to 1968. she was a stabilizing force for john, who lost his mother as a teenager. the couple divorced in 1968 and she married three more times after john. she died at her home in mallorca after a battle with cancer, her son says.
president barack obama and cuban president raul castro shake hands at summit of the americas in panama. julian zelizer says the u.s. has lost influence in latin america to china, russia and iran. he says obama needs to put on a strong performance at the summit. zelizer: the president has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits and needs to do no harm.
parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year. australian prime minister tony abbott announced the new policy. currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons. more than 39,000 children under the age of seven in australia have not been vaccinated.
the items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese-americans confined to world war ii internment camps. "star trek" actor george takei helped in the effort to stop the sale of the items. the items were to be auctioned at a new jersey auction house.
yazidi women and girls are being sold as sex slaves by isis. isis justifies the enslavement of yazidis in its online magazine. hanan, 19, was held as a sex slave for a week. she was one of 25 yazidi girls and women held as slaves.   she and others escaped by crawling out of a window and evading capture.
a judge orders v. stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts from donald sterling. sterling's wife sued her after he made racist remarks about african-americans. shelly sterling's lawyer says the decision is a victory for the sterling family.
the washington post's bureau chief in tehran was arrested in july on unspecified allegations. jason rezaian has been in jail for nearly nine months. he is accused of economic spying. the state department calls the charges "absurd" and calls for his release.
thabo sefolosha was arrested after leaving a nightclub in new york last week. he was charged with disorderly conduct and obstructing government administration. he says police caused his leg injury. he and teammate pero antic were arrested near the scene of the stabbing of indiana pacers player chris copeland. the atlanta hawks guard says he suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage.
georgian chess grandmaster gaioz nigalidze has been banned from the dubai open chess tournament. officials found his smartphone hidden in toilet paper. the smartphone was logged onto a chess analysis app. officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone.
al qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the west. al qaeda confirmed two of its leaders were killed in drone strikes in january. peter bergen says alqaeda has become a largely pakistan-focused group. he says the group is reduced only to holding american hostages.
new: a tulsa world newspaper reports some supervisors were told to forge robert bates' training records. sheriff's office denies the allegations. bates, 73, killed eric harris, a suspect in a sting operation, in april. the reserve deputy's attorney says the accusations are based on an affidavit. the sheriff's department says it's skeptical of the claims.
the network's director says tv5monde was "hacked by an islamist group"    no immediate claim of responsibility by isis or any other group. the outage began around 10 p.m.   the network also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites.
hillary clinton's campaign-in-waiting met on saturday in brooklyn. robby mook distributed a "values statement" at the meeting. clinton is planning to officially announce her campaign for president on sunday. the document outlines what the campaign will stand for and how it plans to win.
john helinski was homeless and nameless for three years. his id and social security cards had been stolen. a cop and a case worker helped him get back into the social security system. now he's set to buy his own home and collect a pension. he was foreign born in poland, as an american citizen.
new: a county road worker and two sheriff's deputies are also injured. the blast happened at a natural gas line explosion at a shooting range in fresno, california. one inmate is airlifted to the hospital. the cause of the blast is under investigation. some inmates were on a work detail.
u.s. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies. dozens of foreigners, including americans, have volunteered to take the fight to isis. it is illegal to join a syrian militia. foreign fighters aren't universally welcomed by opposing isis forces. the peshmerga says they don't want or need foreign fighters.
vin diesel predicts "furious 7" will win best picture at the oscars. the film's cast is racially and ethnically inclusive. the "fast and furious" films have had a diverse focus and appeal since the beginning. the movie franchise is doing a better job of reflecting its audience.
it has been 42 days since the last known case of the b3 strain of measles. of the 131 cases, 70% of the patients were unvaccinated. the outbreak began with visitors to two disney theme parks. the health department says 42 of the cases occurred from december 17-20.
five people have been killed in attacks on foreigners in south africa this week. many south africans are protesting against violence and xenophobia. many are using social media to voice their support for the protests. one man has brought allegations of hate speech against zulu king goodwill zwelithini.
dr. anthony moschetto pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson and weapons charges. he was released on bail after posting $2 million bond. two other men are named as accomplices in the alleged plot to kill a rival doctor. police officers allegedly found 100 weapons at his home.
the u.n. security council votes in favor of an arms embargo on houthis. russia abstained from the vote, saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions. egypt and saudi arabia agree to form a joint military commission. the resolution "raises the cost" for the minority group.
a trailer for zack snyder's upcoming "batman v. superman: dawn of justice" leaked online on thursday. the trailer was taken down minutes later. ben affleck and henry cavill star in the film. the film will be released on march 25, 2016.
former nfl star aaron hernandez was convicted of first-degree murder in the death of odin lloyd. jurors said they came away satisfied with their decision after deliberating more than 35 hours. the jury listened to more than 130 witnesses and reviewed more than 400 pieces of evidence. one juror: "it's the hardest thing i've ever done"
new: george davon kennedy was arrested in dekalb county, georgia, sheriff's office says. a third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape. two other people have been charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators. a woman told police she was gang-raped on panama city beach, florida.
remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members from the uss oklahoma at pearl harbor will be exhumed this year. the defense department hopes most of the sailors and marines can be identified. the ship sank in 1941 during the japanese attack on pearl harbor.
jihad ya'qoub: turning away is not an option for refugees in the yarmouk refugee camp. he says the international community must act to respond to the tragedies in syria. i encountered two infants, jihad and mohammad, who are miracle children, he says. jihad: the world needs to act to protect civilians in the camp.
the 15-year-old girl was detained at cape town airport, south africa's state security minister says. she was believed to be leaving the country to join isis, he says. it's not clear how the girl was recruited, officials say. the girl's family has been released into the care of authorities.
kenneth morgan stancil swore at a judge and tried to flip over a table in court. he is accused of killing a college employee at a north carolina community college. he was arrested after being found sleeping on a florida beach. the judge told him not to swear at the judge.
robert bates says he used to think it could happen to anyone. bates is accused of manslaughter in the death of eric harris. sheriff's office official denies bates' training records have ever been forged. sheriff says it's possible some training requirements may have been waived.
mohamed mohamud once taught at a kenyan madrassa. he is suspected of being the "mastermind" behind last week's deadly attack at a nearby university. officials say he is in command of an al-shabaab militia based near kenya's border with somalia. at least one of the gunmen in the university attack was also a homegrown terrorist.
pope francis used the word "genocide" at a mass to commemorate a century since the armenian killings. previous popes have avoided using the word. turkey's foreign minister called francis' use of the word 'genocide' "unacceptable' and 'out of touch'    turkey recalled its vatican ambassador for "consultations'
the nfl says adrian peterson will be reinstated as an active player on friday. the league suspended peterson in november over allegations he disciplined his son too harshly with a thin stick. peterson pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault. he was suspended without pay by the nfl over the allegations.
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates, 73, thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest, police say. police say he "inadvertently" shot eric courtney harris, 44. harris later died at a local hospital. the shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation.
chinese police seize 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during six-month anti-drug campaign. nine police officers died and 657 were wounded in the mission. authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes and 606,000 cases of drug use. figures are nearly double the same period a year earlier.
jack white will take a brief acoustic tour. white will play only five states left in the u.s. that he has yet to play. the shows will be unannounced until day-of-show. billboard could find only 29 states in which white has performed as jack white.
cnn was granted rare access on a aid mission by unicef to sanaa airport in war-torn yemen. more than 100,000 civilians have fled their homes since fighting began. u.n. estimates 15.9 million people in yemen are in need of assistance. aid workers are working to deliver food and supplies.
polish photographer tomasz lazar spent decades photographing and interviewing adults who were deported from poland during world war ii. many of his subjects were children when they were forced to live in siberia as children. lazar documented the faces of poland's young poles, many of whom are now in their 80s.
robert bates' lawyer says bates had one taser training class and qualified 10 times to use a handgun. bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris. he says he accidentally shot harris with a gun. the sheriff's office has refused to release his training records.
abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, pleads not guilty to charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi. he allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill u.s. soldiers execution style.
andreas lubitz, co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525, was diagnosed with depression.    he had to compete in a highly competitive selection process to be a pilot. i'm a glider pilot and wonder how the red flags of his illness were missed. depression is treatable and is no longer debilitating to airline pilots.
"star wars: the force awakens" producers unveiled a trailer for the new movie. gisele bundchen walked her last fashion-show runway at age 34. an espn reporter went on a regrettable rant. the first set of female quintuplets were born in texas.
michelle maclaren was announced as director of the movie in november. warner bros. pictures confirms she is leaving the project. the movie is still set for release on june 23, 2017. it stars gal gadot as the amazon princess.
pedro hernandez confessed to police three years ago. etan patz went missing in new york city at age 6 in 1979. his disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. a jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict in his killing on friday. the man charged in the case is mentally ill.
abc is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "the muppets"   bill prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation that could go straight to series. the show won't move forward unless miss piggy signs on, sources say. the pilot presentation could be shown at may's upfront presentation to advertisers.
according to u.n. women's report, 1 in 3 women face some form of sexual violence at least once in their lifetime. ravi agrawal: sexual harassment in india is pervasive in all aspects of life. she says women often limit their options rather than confronting sexual harassment. she is working to shift the culture around sexual harassment and encourage women to speak up.
canadian actor jonathan crombie died wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage. he co-starred in the "anne of green gables" tv movies. he played gilbert blythe. the movies became a cultural touchstone in canada and the u.s.
this week's attack on garissa university college is al-shabaab's fifth major assault in kenya in the past year and a half. frida ghitis: the group has steadily been losing ground in somalia. she says the group is a pale shadow of the group that once dominated much of somalia and is now targeting civilian targets. ghitis says drone strikes and special operations forces have killed leaders of al- shabaab.
marion "suge" knight's bail is lowered to $10 million from $25 million. a judge orders knight to stand trial for murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run. knight faces up to life in prison if convicted. knight is accused of running over two men, killing one of them, on the set of "straight outta compton"
national park week is free on saturday and sunday. most of the national park service's 407 sites are free year-round. the 128 parks that charge a fee will be free those two days. it's part of national park week, happening april 18 through 26.
u.s. housing secretary julian zelizer says the nation is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis. he says hud is working with local partners to preserve affordable housing and create new affordable housing. zelizer: hud wants to preserve the affordable housing that already exists and grow the supply.
debra lobo, a 55-year-old california native, was shot in the right cheek and left arm. she is unconscious but expected to survive. two assailants on a passing motorcycle shot her as she drove from the medical school in karachi, pakistan. police found pamphlets in her car saying "america should be burnt"
rolling stone's decision not to fire or reorganize its newsroom operation is understandable, says john sutter. rolling stone published a discredited story about rape on the campus of virginia. sutter: the magazine's editors seem unprepared to revamp their operation to prevent a repeat of the blunder.
actor jon cryer reprised the character's record-store dance to otis redding's "try a little tenderness" on cbs' "late late show" on tuesday night. the scene is one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 john hughes film.
governors of arkansas and indiana were caught off-guard by public outrage over "religious freedom" bills. julian zelizer says businesses are pushing back against anti-gay discrimination. he says it's not a good business model or political strategy to be intolerant of diversity. zelizer: 72% of millennials support same-sex marriage.
ines dumig's photo series "apart together" is a photo series of refugees seeking asylum in germany. each photo provides a piece of insight into the life of somali refugee sahra. the photos are rich in symbolism and challenge viewers to develop their own perceptions.
canadian player jarret stoll, 32, was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy. he was arrested at the swimming pool of a las vegas resort. he is reportedly involved with tv personality erin andrews. the l.a. kings say they are investigating.
mario valencia fired the gun 10 seconds after a police officer told him it was locked and unable to fire. valencia was on a crime spree when he stole a gun and ammo from a walmart in marana, arizona. a police car slammed into him and he was hospitalized. police say the cable gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered.
two delaware boys are in a coma and their father is unable to talk or move, their lawyer says. steve esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother are in critical condition. the family's lawyer says the father is conscious but cannot move. the presence of a pesticide at the villa may have caused the illnesses, the epa says.
isis says the u.s. consulate was the target of the attack. at least four people are killed and 18 injured, police say. a police official says three civilians were killed and five others were injured. all consulate personnel are safe and accounted for, a state department spokeswoman says.
more than 300 suspects have been arrested in connection with attacks on foreigners. the government condemns the maiming and killing of south africans. thousands have sought refuge in temporary shelters after attacks in durban. two immigrants and three south africanans were killed in the attacks.
davion navar henry spent his entire life in foster care. he asked a church to help him find a forever parent. a video of his plea went viral. he was adopted by a woman who had known him since he was 7. he is now 16 years old.
sen. elizabeth warren says big banks are threatening to withhold campaign funds from senate democrats. julian zelizer: democratic populism can't work within the campaign finance system. he says the party needs to take a stand against wall street and tackle economic inequality. zelizer says many democrats are courting powerful financial interests.
thursday marks three weeks since saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen. more and more yemenis appear to be fleeing the country. fears grow that iran and saudia are fighting a proxy war for regional domination. u.n. security council votes in favor of an arms embargo on the minority group.
joy womack is a principal dancer at the kremlin ballet theatre. she was one of the first americans accepted into the bolshoi ballet academy. she left under a cloud in 2013 after claiming she was asked to pay $10,000 to dance. womack says she is paid around $240 a month for her role as a principal ballerina. she says the amount of money she makes in dollars has fallen as the russian ruble has weakened.
the group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested sunday. they plotted for 10 months to join isis "by any means necessary," prosecutors say. recruiting for isis is a problem in minnesota's somali immigrant community. four of the men appeared in federal court but did not enter a plea.
dr. sanjay gupta answers readers' questions on medical marijuana. readers asked about the effects of medical marijuana and the science behind it. gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years. his research has been featured in three cnn documentaries on the subject.
m maggie doyne is a cnn hero who helps children in nepal, a war-torn region of nepal. she runs a children's home and school that educates more than 350 children. doyne started the blinknow foundation to support and grow her efforts. do you know a hero? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015.
jason warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston, idaho, when he saw a car dangling over the edge of a cliff. a photo of his rescue made headlines around the world. warnock pulled the driver of a gmc yukon from a 30-foot drop and pulled him to safety.
gisele bundchen walked the runway for the last time wednesday. tom brady expressed his love for his wife on facebook. bundchen, 34, announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend. she was the highest-paid model in the world. brady and bundchen have two children.
photographer timothy bouldry traveled the world photographing landfills for seven years. he captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in india. about 100 families live inside the boragaon landfill. the people living in the landfill feel anything but destitute.
a lawsuit alleges johns hopkins university and the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in guatemala. the suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages. the university and roc rockefeller foundation deny responsibility. in 2012, a class-action lawsuit was filed against the u.s. government over the guatemalan experiments.
deputies were trying to arrest eric harris when reserve deputy robert bates shot him. sheriff stanley glanz says he is "very concerned" for their safety and that of their families. bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in harris' death.
espn reporter britt mchenry posted an apology on twitter. she says she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation. a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced online. she is one of several espn on-air talents to be suspended in the past year.
chancey allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder friday in the shooting death of christopher lane. lane was a 23-year-old college baseball player in duncan, oklahoma. a jury recommended luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole. michael jones, luna's driver, was sentenced to life in jail in march.
director j.j. abrams unveiled the trailer for "star wars: episode vii" at an emotional event in california. the new film is due out december 18. harrison ford was back in character as han. the trailer showed off new stormtroopers and the bb8.
africa's new millionaires are pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent. sales of high-end products grew by a third between 2008 and 2013. africa is one of the fastest growing regions in terms of middle class.   the future of luxury in africa depends on reforms taking place.
kim richards was taken into custody at a beverly hills hotel. police say she kicked a police officer in the leg. she is accused of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication. richards is expected to face misdemeanor charges. she reportedly entered rehab in 2011 for "serious issues"
thousands of yazidis now live in a refugee camp in iraqi kurdistan after fleeing isis. isis fighters took thousands of people captive and held them as slaves. one woman's family was taken by isis and held for eight months. she and her children were reunited with their family after they fled.
japan's prime minister shinzo abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy. japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the fukushima disaster in 2011. a japanese court has halted plans to restart two reactors at the takahama nuclear plant. the court cited safety concerns over the safety of the reactors. the power company says it will appeal the decision.
isis is using cases of western abuse to legitimize its actions in iraq and syria to support its sectarian narrative. isis uses blackwater, abu ghraib and other cases of abuses by the u.s. to push its own version of iraqi history. the lack of accountability in the aftermath of american intervention fuelled sectarian tension, says ismael al-hussein.
volunteer reserve deputy robert bates accidentally fired his handgun instead of a taser, killing eric harris. experts say it's not easy to draw and fire a handgun mistakenly instead of taser. experts: gun should be holstered on officer's dominant side of the body. a criminal justice expert says the claim amounts to "junk science"   "slip and capture" has never been used as a defense in court.
the drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities. the sailboat was falsely flying an american flag in the caribbean. one venezuelan and two spanish citizens were arrested. the drugs are estimated to be worth more than $105 million.
iraqi security forces regained full control of the baiji refinery, the coalition says. a week ago, isis claimed it controlled part of the facility. peshmerga forces cleared 84 square kilometers of isis-occupied territory in iraq, security council says. at least 35 isis terrorists were killed during the offensive.
the independent tv rain channel aired hillary clinton's first campaign video with an 18+ rating. the channel fears it might run afoul of russia's anti-gay propaganda law. tv rain says it didn't want to break the controversial law. the video features a gay couple holding hands.
a woman and a boy are among the dead, police say. al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. a police spokesman says the car bomb killed no government official or soldier. the restaurant is across the street from a central hotel where at least 15 people were killed in a attack in february.
robert kennedy jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the holocaust. he has apologized for the wrong things, authors say. autism is not a death sentence, they say. authors: people with autism are not missing or destroyed and their families are not shattered.
president barack obama: climate change has an impact on public health. epa estimates climate change will cause 250,000 deaths per year between 2030 and 2050. seven out of 10 doctors report climate change is contributing to more health problems among their patients. a new way of talking about climate change links it to public health issues.
london-based artist daisy bentley began collecting notes six years ago. she has a collection of 1,500 notes on display at a london gallery. the 23-year-old has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for notes. a gallery in london has put a selection on display for the public to view. bentley says it is part of human nature to keep notes.
oklahoma gov. mary fallin signed a bill that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas. nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and death from lack of oxygen. nitrogen has never been used in an execution in the united states. executions have been put on hold while the u.s. supreme court reviews the state's use of lethal injections.
the american pharmacists association votes to adopt a ban as an official policy. the group says the activities are "fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers" the group acted because of increased public attention on lethal injection. thirty-two sates allow capital punishment.
tepco's second robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected at fukushima nuclear plant. green glow appears to suggest a discoloration of the grating. the first robot was sent in after the first one broke down. the robot detected a strange green glow, but the cause is unknown.
chad pregracke founded living lands & waters to clean up the nation's rivers. more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from u.s. waterways since 1998. he was named cnn hero of the year in 2013.
josh and vanessa ellis and their 8-month-old son were youth pastors at a seattle church. concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, authorities say. it took nine hours to remove the debris from underneath the highway overpass.
state physicians' associations in florida and arizona are not leading the fight against physician free speech laws. john sutter: these laws are an assault on the doctor-patient relationship. he says doctors should not be forced to lie to their patients. sutter says state medical associations are not taking the lead in battling these laws.
new: u.n. refugee agency official says boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship. italian authorities say up to 850 people may have been on board the boat. two of the survivors are arrested on suspicion of human trafficking, police say. the company that manages the king jacob denies that the cargo ship caused the boat to capsize.
23 people had minor injuries after flight 162 landed at hiroshima airport, sources say. airbus a320 may have hit an object on the runway during landing, japanese transportation ministry says. asiana flight 162 was carrying 73 passengers and eight crew members. the airport was temporarily closed.
"mare nostrum" was a naval mission that rescued migrants. italy has borne the brunt of the burden of rescuing migrants. britain, italy and other european states are opposed to search and rescue operations in international waters. the eu's border agency, frontex, is not a replacement for mare nostrum. in 2014, 170,000 migrants arrived in italy.
five years after the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history, many questions remain about the long-term effects of the spill.    it's still unclear where all of the oil went and whether wildlife is recovering. i'm working to better understand the effects of oil on the health of the gulf crab.
north korea accuses mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships. the mu du bong was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mex mexico in july. north korea's deputy ambassador to the united nations says the crew members' human rights are being violated. mexica says it followed protocol because the company that owns the ship has avoided u.n. sanctions.
heather mack, 19, helped her boyfriend put her mother's body in a suitcase. tommy schaefer, 21, was sentenced to 18 years in prison for killing sheila von wiese-mack in bali. he claimed he killed his girlfriend's mother in self-defense after an argument over their relationship.
"champagnepapi" rapper drake appeared less than enthused after madonna kissed him onstage at coachella. drake was performing at the music festival in california. after the kiss, drake seemed dazed and confused. he later clarified his reaction on instagram.
dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 boston marathon bombings. john sutter: the only issue to be decided is whether tsarnaev should be executed. he says tsarnaev is a loser and a nobody; he should be allowed to fade away in obscurity. sutter says the real trial of tsarnaev will begin.
brazilian supermodel gisele bundchen announced over the weekend she would be retiring from the catwalk. the 34-year-old is married to new england patriots quarterback tom brady. bundchen walked at sao paulo fashion week on wednesday night.
"the americans" is one of the best series on tv. "fresh off the boat" and "vikings" both have finales this week. christina aguilera and luke bryan host the academy of country music awards. "scorpion" could have a surprising season finale.
pope francis accepts the resignation of bishop robert finn. finn was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse. he was the highest-ranking u.s. catholic official convicted in connection with sex abuse scandal. he led the diocese of kansas city-st. joseph.
a look at oklahoma city, 20 years later. a fly-by of pluto, 4 billion miles away. and the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world. the use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment dates back to at least 2730 b.c.
peter gallagher claims joss whedon and drew goddard stole the idea for "the cabin in the woods" from his 2006 novel. he's suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages. whedon produced and co-wrote the script for cabin with goddard.
youtuber bobby burns created a fan trailer for "batman v. superman: dawn of justice" using classic superhero footage. he wanted to contrast the old with the new. burns is 18-year-old from nashville, tennessee. he started making videos at age 11.
the rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony was held on saturday night. bill withers, green day, lou reed, joan jett & the blackhearts and john legend were among the acts honored. paul butterfield blues band, the 5 royales and yoko ono performed.
new trailers for "fantastic four" and "jurassic world" come out monday. new trailer for the new movie shows off more of star chris pratt's character. new "star wars" trailer was released sunday. fans on twitter had mixed reactions to the first trailer for "batman.
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 in baltimore. it's unclear how gray suffered a spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. six police officers have been suspended in the wake of gray's death. police say gray "gave up without the use of force" in his arrest.
nepal has issued 347 permits to climb mount everest for this year's climbing season. 16 nepalis were killed in an avalanche last year, the single deadliest incident to ever occur on the mountain. a new route through the icefall has been changed to reduce risks.
olivia wilde and garrett hedlund will reprise their characters from 2010's "tron: legacy" in the sequel. the project is being directed by joseph kosinski. disney has been developing a sequel to "legacy" since 2010.
the red sunsets are the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia. the smoke from the fires was picked up by atmospheric winds. the winds carried the smoke across the pacific ocean and brought it to parts of washington and oregon. the red sunset is a result of smoke particles filtering out shorter wavelengths of light.
the isis terrorist group claims responsibility for the attack. taliban spokesman distanced his group from the blast. the attack appears to be the first in afghanistan by isis. at least 33 people are killed and more than 100 others are injured, a public health spokesman says.
three british citizens were arrested after they were found plane spotting near fujairah airport. the three have been in jail since february 22. no charges were filed and the men will not face deportation, their lawyer says. the men are to be released monday.
the victim impact phase of dzhokhar tsarnaev's trial is the sentencing phase of the boston marathon bomber's trial. jurors hear about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of survivors and the families of the dead. a father cries for his daughter. tsarnaev saw his victims as "the enemy," a prosecutor says.
australian prime minister tony abbott was caught on camera drinking a glass of beer in seven seconds. abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in australia. he was in a bar in sydney when a group of football players invited him to have a drink.
the freedom to test is becoming national get tested month, but it can have negative side-effects, says john sutter. he says tests can lead to more medical care, more anxiety and more procedures. testing well people will appear in doctors' offices with "abnormal" results, he says. sutter: it's hard for us to make well people feel better, but we can make them feel worse.
the academy of country music awards celebrated its 50th anniversary at the dallas cowboys stadium on sunday. it was the biggest audience for a live tv awards show ever. the acms hosted by luke bryan and blake shelton. miranda lambert dominated the awards show. reba mcentire's performance was one of the best.
sabra hummus was recalled because of possible listeria contamination. there is no way to know if your food is safe to eat after a product recall. go to the food and drug administration's website and find the official report for the recalled product. the consumer can't do anything before learning about the recall.
new line cinema is planning a mariah carey christmas movie. producer jonathan shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project. carey's good friend director brett ratner is co-producing. the diva was the queen of the 1990s.
saudi arabia executes a second indonesian domestic worker without warning. indonesia summons saudi ambassador to foreign ministry. government says it has taken "over a hundred steps" to save its citizens from the death penalty. rights groups say execution of a domestic worker with mental illness smacks of "a lack of humanity"
a grass fire in miami-dade county has burned nearly 2,000 acres. the fire is 50% contained, the fire department says. high temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread, a state forester says. one school was evacuated as a precaution.
the pope's ipad sold for $30,500 at an auction house in uruguay. it came with a keyboard and a certificate signed by his personal secretary. the proceeds will go to a school in montevideo. last year, the pope donated a harley-davidson motorcycle to charity.
pope francis played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between cuba and the u.s. the vatican says the pope has considered the idea of visiting cuba this september. he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two nations. the pope is expected to visit washington, new york and philadelphia.
polish prince challenges british politician nigel farage to a duel in london's hyde park over immigration policy. prince jan zylinski says he is fed up with discrimination against poles living in britain. farage says he does not intend to accept the challenge.
a small boat carrying about 50 migrants hit a reef and sank off the northern coast of haiti. at least 12 people have been rescued. haiti's civil protection directorate says 11 victims have been identified. the boat was carrying migrants from le borgne, west of cap-haitien.
cyclist wang pingan's mountain bike was stolen just days before completing 460-day trip around china. he had covered 29,200 kilometers on his bike. police tracked down and returned the bike to wang. wang had been cycling through every major province in china for the past year.
carlberg city is a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous carlsberg brewery in copenhagen, danish capital. the area has been home to the famous beer-maker since 1847. the new neighborhood will be home to residential, business, sporting, cultural and educational space. investors have been renting out apartments in the area since 2008.
six attackers are killed by cameroonian forces, a military spokesman says. the last attack in cameroon was march 10. boko haram has been waging a years-long campaign of terror in nigeria. the attackers torched a village in the far north region.
police commando source: elite police unit waited hours for transport from nairobi to garissa. kenya's police air wing chief denies his unit caused any delay in the response to the university attack. commandos rehearsed the assault on the university compound for two-and-a-half hours, source says.
former maryland gov. martin o'malley uses youtube to test clinton pokes. clinton is a fan of obama's health care law, but not so much of his leadership style. maya harris signs on for a top policy role in the clinton campaign. a gop ticket for the generations, and republican calendar concerns.
the u.s.-iranian relationship is "overmatched," says peter bergen. he says the u.s. is playing checkers on the middle east game board and tehran is playing chess. bergen says the nuclear issue is making iran's power rise in the region. america is losing friends; iran is gaining them, he says. bergen: the administration is making a deal with iran over other priorities.
chilean photographer andres figueroa chronicles religious festivals in the atacama desert. the desert is one of the driest places on earth. the photos highlight the uniqueness of andean culture. the andean people are known for their cosmology and ancient folklore.
rabbis mendel epstein, jay goldstein and binyamin stimler were found guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping. the men were accused of planning and participating in the torture of jewish men who refused to divorce their wives. the rabbis' lawyers say they plan on appealing the convictions.
"what pet should i get?" is the first new, original dr. seuss book since "oh, the places you'll go!" in 1990. the book's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies to keep up with demand. it debuts july 28.
italians have the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world -- 50. italy doesn't know what to do with its cultural heritage. many of the sites risk crumbling to the ground due to neglect and lack of public resources. travel writer says italians lack a sense of national belonging. culture and art could generate a turnover of 214 billion euros a year.
many believe syringe exchange programs promote and encourage drug use, authors say. authors: scientific evidence shows they are effective in reducing hiv and hepatitis c transmission. they say syringe services programs save millions of dollars in hiv treatment costs. authors say a ban on federal funds for these programs was imposed in 1988.
the plane was coming back from the ncaa final four championship game in indianapolis. illinois state university associate men's basketball coach torrey ward and deputy athletic director aaron leetch died in the crash. the aircraft went down near the central illinois regional airport in bloomington.
scientists found a new species of glassfrog on the caribbean slopes of costa rica. it looks a lot like diane's bare-hearted glassfrog. the last time a new glassfrog was found in costa-rica was in 1973. the species is called hyalinobatrachium dianae.
celoron mayor scott schrecengost says the town is looking for a new sculptor to fix the "scary lucy" statue. artist dave poulin apologized for his "most unsettling sculpture" and offered to cover the cost of fixing it. the town of celoron's mayor says the artist wanted $8,000 to $10,000.
phil rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs in new zealand court. he was arrested in november last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis at his home. rudd previously denied all allegations. the drummer could face up to seven years in prison.
erika langhart died from multiple pulmonary embolisms. megan henry was training to compete in the olympics when she was diagnosed with blood clots in her lungs. doctors cited the nuvaring as a risk factor for erika's death. erika was using birth control at the time.
the petition was started by a student at dokuz eylul university. it has almost 5,500 signatures. turkish students are petitioning for a jedi temple to be built on campus. this is the latest flurry in a longstanding discussion about civil and religious freedoms in the secular republic.
canadian forces are part of the u.s.-led coalition. canadian warplanes have conducted dozens of strikes against isis targets in iraq since november. the cf-18 hornets bombed near isis' de facto capital of raqqa. canada's defense minister says the strike was successful.
the jury resumes deliberations in the trial of former new england patriots star aaron hernandez. jurors are deliberating in the murder trial of semi-pro player odin lloyd. the prosecution and defense argued closing arguments in closing arguments on wednesday. the defense said hernanderez had no conceivable reason to kill lloyd, who was his friend.
al qaeda fighters attack a prison in coastal yemeni city of al mukallah, freeing at least 270 prisoners. a third of the prisoners have al qaeda links, a defense ministry official says. government troops clash with the militants, and most of the militants flee, officials say. last month, hundreds of inmates escaped from another prison.
new zealand prime minister john key publicly apologized to a waitress after she complained about his behavior. key said his behavior was in the context of "a bit of banter"   key offered the waitress two bottles of his own wine by way of apology. the waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an auckland cafe.
boston marathon runners will mark the anniversary of the boston marathon blasts on monday. john defterios: the city has moved on and learned lessons from the tragedy. he says the trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev proved the judicial system is well-equipped to handle terrorism cases. defterio: police officers are not adequately trained for the kind of weapons used in the watertown shootout.
james best was best known for his portrayal of sheriff rosco p. coltrane on tv's "the dukes of hazzard" best died of complications from pneumonia. he was 88. best served in the army during world war ii and was an actor for decades in theater and hollywood.
unicef says 16 tons of medical supplies have landed in yemen's capital, sanaa. u.n. high commissioner for refugees says about 900 refugees from yemen have arrived in africa. at least 643 people have been killed in the country since three weeks ago, health organization says.
frances bean cobain is the daughter of nirvana singer-guitarist kurt cobain. she is executive producer of the new hbo documentary on his life, "kurt cobain: montage of heck"   frances speaks publicly for the first time about her father and life after his death. she says she was a 15-year-old goth kid and looked at her dad every day.
about a quarter of a million homes and businesses have no power in australia. 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters. new south wales police say the storm has already claimed four lives. the emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding.
sammy griner's dad, justin, needs a kidney transplant. sammy's mom started a gofundme campaign to help cover the medical expenses. justin was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006 and suffered complete kidney failure. his 8-year-old son is the star of the internet's "success kid" meme.
officer michael slager's wife is eight months' pregnant, mayor says. his mother tells abc her son loved being a police officer. slager was fired from the north charleston police department in south carolina. he is charged with murder in the shooting death of walter scott.
bill and denise richard are the parents of martin richard, 8, the youngest victim of the boston marathon bombings. dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty last week of all 30 charges in the case. the sentencing phase of tsarnaev's trial begins tuesday.
five men are arrested in melbourne, australia, police say. prime minister tony abbott says the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration. three of the men have been released, but two remain in custody. police say the suspects were targeting a ceremony on anzac day. police believe the act was isis-inspired.
former new england patriot aaron hernandez is charged with murder in the death of boston bandits player odin lloyd. he has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges. the motive in lloyd's death is still unclear. lloyd was dating shaneah jenkins, the sister of her fiancee.
kenya and al-shabaab are at war. kenya defense forces invaded somalia in 2011 in retaliation for attacks on kenyans. al- shabaab has killed more than 200 people since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi.
lewis hamilton wins pole position for sunday's chinese grand prix. beats teammate and fierce rival nico rosberg by four hundredths of a second. sebastian vettel will start third on the front row for mercedes.
tristan da cunha is the most isolated human settlement on earth. uk overseas territory is holding international competition to improve infrastructure and make island self-sustainable. island is only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year and home to just under 270 people. only seven family names on the island.
the blob is a huge area of unusually warm water in the pacific. scientists say a high-pressure ridge over the west coast has calmed ocean waters for two winters. some marine species are exploring the warmer waters, leading some fish to migrate. the blob could be playing a factor in the drought in california.
arizona police release video of walmart parking lot brawl that left a police officer wounded, one man dead. enoch gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in cottonwood. four members of the gaver family are charged with assaulting an officer and resisting arrest. at least three of the family members are reportedly in a christian family band.
mohammed abu khdeir was beaten and burned alive by three israelis in july. his family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall. his father says no one asked his permission to put his son's name on the wall. national insurance institute of israel says it will remove the teen's name from the memorial.
alfred taubman was a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life. he founded the company that developed some of the best-known malls in the u.s.   he was jailed in 2002 for conspiring with auction house christie's to fix commission rates. he was released in 2003.
espn reporter britt mchenry apologized for her offensive comments to a towing company employee. she was suspended for a week by espn. i preach to my daughters the importance of respecting other people. many celebrities have handled stressful situations with grace and dignity.    the pope, kelly clarkson and mo'ne davis are all examples of people who have handled difficult situations with dignity.
the mass killings of armenians in the ottoman empire began 100 years ago friday. the word "genocide" was not even a word at the time. estimates range from 300,000 to 2 million deaths between 1914 and 1923. some scholars say it was the first genocide of the 20th century.
40 years ago today, the khmer rouge regime killed 1.7 million cambodians in one of the worst genocides of the modern era. cambody's traumatized society is beginning to reckoning with its history. for decades, speaking of the regime's crimes was a taboo. a tv show has reunited members of 54 families shattered by the genocide.
former secretary of state hillary clinton officially kicks off her campaign for president. clinton has a close relationship with the financial industry. but her support from the industry will pose a balancing act for clinton's campaign. she has courted the industry during her last presidential campaign. the former first lady's perceived coziness with wall street is a source of irritation for liberal activists.
sid ahmed ghlam, 24, was a computer science student originally from algeria, a paris prosecutor says. he called for an ambulance, claiming he was accidentally injured. police found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches in his car and home. someone in syria requested an attack on a church, a prosecutor says, and police found evidence of it in his home.
larry upright died monday at 81. in his obituary, his family asked that people donate to a children's hospital and don't vote for clinton. upright was a staunch republican. he died a day after clinton announced she was running for president.
headstone of hillary clinton's father, hugh rodham, was found tipped over at a cemetery in scranton, pennsylvania. police are investigating and suspect vandalism is the most-likely cause. it happened just days after clinton announced her second presidential bid.
kevin cave caught the incident on video at omaha's henry doorly zoo gorilla exhibit. the gorilla leaped toward the exhibit window and cracked it. zookeepers said the gorillas had been fighting with one another. the public was never in danger, the zoo says.
new: a group of dzhokhar tsarnaev's relatives arrive at boston's airport, cnn affiliate reports. steve woolfenden's son's boot was next to his stump, he testifies. a good samaritan used his belt as a tourniquet on his son's leg. a combat surgeon says the boston marathon attack was similar to war zones.
most of the presidential candidates are already starting to make mistakes. chris christie called for cuts to social security. sen. ted cruz's decision to enroll in the health care act raises questions about his authenticity. hillary clinton made a mistake about her grandparents being an immigrant.
adam gadahn, 36, was killed in january in a u.s. government counterterrorism operation. he was known as the american mouthpiece of al qaeda. gadahn was indicted in 2006 for treason and material support to alqaeda. he converted to islam in 1995 and lived in pakistan.
world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse, authors say. 70 percent of the ocean's economic value relies on its health, they say. authors: the ocean feeds us, employs us, offers protection and plays a role in people's lives. they say the ocean is too big to fail and needs to be revived.
ben stiller announced penelope cruz will appear in the sequel to "zoolander 2" the film is scheduled for release in february 2016. ben stiller plays derek zoolander. stiller shared a photo of cruz as a child.
israel's memorial day commemoration is for bereaved family members of terror victims. valerie braham's husband was one of 17 people killed in paris terror attacks in january. she says she will move her family from paris to israel when she is ready. one month after the attacks, a gunman attacked a synagogue in copenhagen.
more than 80% of migrants heading to europe come from more than 20 countries. libya is the easiest point of embarkation to reach the mediterranean coast. eritreans and syrians make up half of the migrant traffic to the atlantic. most west africans make the journey for economic reasons. somalis flee al-shabaab and clan warfare.
south korean authorities blame north korea for attacks on banks and media outlets in south korea in 2013 and december last year. experts say the malicious codes used in the attacks are similar to those used by the north koreans. many south korean experts say not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks.
the u.s. is spreading foreign military assistance too thin and failing to make long-term commitments, authors say. authors: most of our partners do not have credible and capable special operations forces. congress needs to develop a dedicated program to build out special operations in key nations, they say.
"operation renewal of hope" will focus on the political process. the u.s. is conducting "manned reconnaissance" off yemen, a military official tells cnn. a saudi official says the houthis have agreed to "nearly all demands" of a u.n. security council.
the indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row. the executions were planned for earlier this year but were postponed. the 10 inmates had their petitions for clemency denied by president joko widodo. a spokesman for the attorney general says consular officials have been advised to travel to the execution island.
passenger received medical attention before being released, a skywest spokeswoman says. flight 5622 was originally scheduled to fly from chicago to hartford, connecticut. the passenger lost consciousness and the plane made an emergency landing in buffalo, new york. the 75 passengers are being moved to another aircraft.
the new orleans city council passed a ban against smoking in most places across the city. bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban. the ban goes into effect wednesday at midnight. harrah's and bar owners are still fighting the ban in state court. the city is known for its excess.
rebecca francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago. comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question. francis says she was asked to "preserve" the giraffe's life for the local people. she has appeared on "eye of the hunter"
italy will always be a bridge between africa and europe. many of italy's former colonies are affected by italian colonial past. migrants are part of a century-long chain of migrations, expulsions, and exiles. col. moammar gadhafi used european fears of migrants from libya as a political weapon.
"it was time to come home," scott kelley tells people magazine. he was arrested at the atlanta airport after returning to the u.s. from costa rica. he and mary nunes were featured on cnn's "the hunt"   genevievekelley turned herself in to authorities last year. she's charged with kidnapping and unlawful flight.
a cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours in western india's cotton production belt. record cotton production in 2014 drove down prices and production costs, leaving farmers in debt. more than 44 farmers commit suicide every day in india, according to government data. prime minister narendra modi's government says it is aware of the situation and is working to help.
the whale, named varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) to baja, mexico. she was thought to be an endangered western gray whale. the north pacific gray whale crossed the pacific ocean and down the west coast of the united states.
iranian-saudi conflict by proxy has reached yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic. iran and riyadh each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the middle east. both sides want to stop the yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control.
the women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted. the women were detained days before international women's day. the u.s. had urged china to free them. the five were members of china's women's rights action group.
doctors should be speaking up about the dangers of girl scout cookies, says dr. jennifer maizes. she says there is a link between sugar and heart disease and cancer and heart health. she is concerned more doctors are not speaking out about the danger of sugar and trans fats. maizes says many doctors don't get enough nutrition education.
failure to pay child support is not a crime, and police should not arrest people for it, says john avlon. avlon: bench warrants for deadbeat dads are not arrest warrants for crimes. he says police are charged with arresting criminals, not bill collection agencies.   avlon says police officers should not be charged with carrying out warrants for arrest.
espn's britt mchenry was caught on video berating an employee of a tow company. frida ghitis: we're a society obsessed with putting celebrities on a pedestal. she says the public shaming of her is a sign of our overblown sense of entitlement. ghitis says she could have owned up to her mistake and apologized.
more than one-third of u.s. adults are overweight or obese. john sutter says obesity is becoming a national security issue. he says the military is struggling to recruit enough qualified soldiers. sutter: more than 70% of americans are overweight, and many of us just don't care.
aaron hernandez is being processed at massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison. he will be moved to souza-baranowski correctional center. legal advocates for inmates describe souza as sterile and violent at once. officials say he is being transferred to massachusetts correctional institution-cedar junction.
president obama's clean power plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan, authors say. authors: obama administration's climate plan is biased against nuclear energy. they say nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy, generating 60% of our electricity. authors say the administration's epa has shifted its position on nuclear energy and hidden it in a model.
barack obama's explanation of how u.s. will engage with middle east is not reassuring to region, says frida ghitis. ghitis: obama said "obama doctrine" is mired in a contradiction between principles and action on the ground. she says the president's vision of a region "living in peace" is not working, and the u.s. is only deploying capabilities when national security is at stake. gitis: iran is a threat to the region, but the president is naive to say there is no iranian threat.
marco rubio has announced he is running for the republican presidential nomination. rubio is running on an optimistic message, says ruben navarrette. he says rubio's immigration reform and cuba relations policies hold little appeal to latino voters. navarrete: rubio is young and charismatic, but he has no accomplishments to show.
adrianne haslet-davis says she thought her husband, adam davis, was dead after the boston marathon bombing. she begged for whiskey when she thought she was going to die. tsarnaev's lawyer tries to discredit the use of an image of dzhokhar tsarnaev in court.
robert bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police. he was a reserve deputy sheriff in tulsa county. john sutter: police officers generally look with a skeptical eye at volunteers. he says police departments should encourage police departments to end these kinds of programs. sutter: some people are too eager to be police officers.
one businesswoman said a female presidential candidate's hormones could make her irrational and start a war. peggy drexler: gender bias against women in the workplace is well established. she says a female candidate will be hard-pressed to get elected unless we end gender bias. drexle: women leaders take fewer risks and take fewer unnecessary risks.
police say there is no sign of forced entry to the building. police say thieves gained access to the vault of hatton garden safe deposit ltd through the shaft of an elevator. a former police official has speculated the loss could run to 300 million pounds. police are still trying to identify the owners of the safe deposit boxes.
british police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond to it. british tabloid the daily mirror claims to have closed-circuit tv footage of the heist. police are investigating why no police response was made to the call.
nfl launched an investigation into the new england patriots in january to determine why footballs were underinflated. it's still not clear when the investigation will be completed. the league's investigation has lasted more than three months. the nfl is still waiting for the results of the investigation to be released.
sawyer sweeten was a child star on the family sitcom "everybody loves raymond" he was 19. he was visiting family in texas when he committed suicide, his sister madylin sweeten says. he is believed to have shot himself on the front porch of his home.
sofia vergara split from businessman nick loeb in may 2014. loeb is suing the actress to prevent her from destroying their two frozen embryos. court papers allege the couple created the embryos while they were engaged. the embryos were conceived through in vitro fertilization in 2013.   loeb wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate.
hillary clinton's campaign is making women and being a woman central to her outreach. julian zelizer says it's fine for her to run a woman-centered campaign, but it's not the best strategy. he says democrats who pandered to women in the midterm elections crashed and burned. zelizer: men voted for republicans over democrats.
the dress was worn by vivien leigh as scarlett o'hara in "gone with the wind"   collector bought the outfit decades ago for a mere $20 as it was on the verge of being tossed out. the outfit was sold at an auction in california. it was the most sought after item in a collection of about 150 pieces of movie memorabilia.
five years after the 2010 gulf of mexico oil spill, scientists continue to study environmental impacts. the long-term negative effects of the spill remain unclear. bp, the company that caused the spill, says the gulf is healing itself. the government says it's too soon to make conclusions about the health of the gulf.
ugandan tycoon ashish thakkar is africa's youngest billionaire. his mara group spans over 20 countries and he is active in several african countries.    he says the continent has an extremely entrepreneurial society and culture. he says entrepreneurship is a journey, not a destination for young entrepreneurs.
joao vaccari neto is the treasurer of the ruling workers' party. he faces charges of corruption and money laundering. vaccari has denied any wrongdoing. brazilian president dilma rousseff has not been implicated in the investigation. anger over corruption at petrobras has eroded her approval rating.
some members of the terrorist cell had contact with al qaeda leader osama bin laden, police say. police say the group planned to carry out attacks in afghanistan and pakistan. italian state police carry out raids in seven provinces in a first-of-its-kind operation. 18 people are expected to be arrested in the operation.
hillary clinton's foreign policy experience will be an advantage for her in the campaign. julian zelizer: she will have to negotiate and traverse rocky paths on foreign policy. he says she'll have to be careful not to be seen as obama's "third term" on iran. zelizer says clinton will have an advantage in dealing with the jewish community.
universities in africa are creating eco-friendly cars powered by electricity and designed for fuel efficiency. some studies say 50% of global emissions of organic carbon could come from africa in 2030. green-focused designs are increasingly needed on the continent. a team of students in nigeria is building a hybrid electric car to compete in shell eco-marathon.
the u.s. leads the world in incarceration, not education, authors say. authors: america is home to 25% of the world's prison population. they say americans spend a quarter of a trillion dollars a year on the criminal justice system. authors say prisoners are never truly free from the burdens of our system. they call for criminal justice reform at the federal and state levels.
about 23½ inches of ash fell in some places, ministry of interior and public safety says. more than 4,400 residents have been evacuated. geology and mining service says the second eruption is "stronger than the first"   officials are concerned there might be a third eruption.
president obama and cuban leader raul castro could meet face-to-face at panama summit. gop operatives are deciding whether to choose sides in the menendez indictment. hillary clinton's campaign launch will focus on her childhood and earlier work on children's issues.
jake tapper is the next anchor of cnn's sunday morning political interview program "state of the union" he will take over the program in june. tapper will remain the chief washington correspondent and anchor of "the lead" at cnn. he succeeds candy crowley.
indiana gov. mike pence extends a public health emergency in response to hiv outbreak. as of tuesday, there were 135 cases of hiv in the state. the outbreak has been linked to injection drug use. pence issued an order in march for scott county.
ahmed farouq was the deputy emir of al qaeda in the indian subcontinent. he died in a u.s. counterterrorism airstrike in january. he was not well-known in the west, but had a special role in the terrorist group.
for koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like. drinking etiquette is the first thing to be taught to foreign business travelers in south korea. follow these seven handy rules to avoid offending someone at a korean drinking event. korean traffic is said to correspond with the city's drinking culture.
sissa abu dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression in egypt's conservative muslim state. a widow at 21, she was forced to fend for herself in the patriarchal south. the grandmother of two has earned respect as a woman and is considered an ideal mother.
a ramp agent has been permanently banned from working on alaska airlines planes. the caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold. the crew and passengers reported unusual banging from the belly of the plane. the pilot made an emergency landing after 14 minutes in the air.
comic book writer frank miller is returning to his "the dark knight returns" trilogy. the final chapter will be released in the fall. miller's story is widely credited for resurrecting batman in pop culture. it will be the third chapter in the trilogy.
hillary clinton launched her campaign this week. julian zelizer: clinton's video, new logo and road trip were unconventional. he says clinton is trying to reframe herself and her message. zelizer says her campaign has a sophisticated marketing plan to change how voters experience a brand.
the u.s. secretary of state john kerry urges china to release five young feminists. the five are members of china's women's rights action group. they face charges of "assembling a crowd to disturb public order"   the women were detained days ahead of events planned for international women's day.
saudi airstrikes target rebel houthi militant positions in three parts of sanaa, defense ministry officials say. on tuesday, saudi arabia announced the end of its air campaign. the airstrikes targeted a weapons depot in lahj province, security sources say. houthis released yemeni defense minister mahmoud al-subaihi on wednesday.
jared leto will play the joker in 2016's "suicide squad" he shaved his face and cut his hair for the role. he will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since heath ledger. the movie hits theaters august 5, 2016.
the united nations' international climate negotiations in paris in december are the place to secure strong global agreement on climate change. authors say the u.s. is ready to lead on climate action. they say a global climate agreement can send a signal to the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway.
president barack obama has called elizabeth warren "wrong" on trade policy. julian zelizer says president obama is alienating the progressive base of the democratic party. he says hillary clinton is trying to walk a fine line between populism and centrism on the issue. zelizer: clinton has to show she supports the tpp deal or not.
kagoshima district court finds no "irrationalities" in new safety standards for japan's nuclear power plants. a japanese court has rejected a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of two reactors. a previous court ruling halted plans to restart two reactors in a western prefecture. japan has 48 nuclear reactors offline in the wake of the 2011 fukushima disaster.
boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev is on trial for the murder of three people in boston marathon bombing. john avlon says the prosecution's case for the death penalty is strong. he says the defense will argue that tsarnaev was not fully responsible. avlon: a jury should vote 10-2 for life in prison for tsarnaev, but a unanimous verdict for death is unlikely.
the five nursing students were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations. a tractor-trailer smashed into a line of cars near savannah, the georgia state patrol says. three other people were injured in the multi-vehicle crash. the women were juniors at ge georgia southern university.
police arrest five suspects in connection with the garissa university attack, interior minister says. sources say three people, all students, were found alive. a medic says most of the victims were shot in the back of the head. 147 people were killed, including 142 students and three security officers.
america has the highest incarceration rate in the world. nearly 2½ million americans are in prison and 20% of the country has a criminal record. authors: politicians need to focus on criminal justice reform. they say politicians should reduce punishment for nonviolent crimes and end mandatory sentencing.
"it's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," jury foreperson lesa strachan tells cnn. members of the jury say they were struck by the "indifference" of aaron hernandez. one juror says the first shot was enough in the murder of odin lloyd.
the cases have all occurred in nigeria's ondo state since april 13. those affected are between the ages of 25 and 60. the disease does not appear to be contagious, health officials say. some suspect it may be the result of locally brewed alcohol. world health organization reports at least 13 people have died.
warren weinstein was accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike in january. a senior official says the government made no serious effort to negotiate for his release. a pakistani official says soldiers went door-to-door looking for weinstein. weinstein appears to have been the only american citizen held hostage by al qaeda.
faa initially reported a pressurization problem with skywest flight 5622. three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight. the plane made an emergency landing in buffalo, new york. the national transportation safety board is in communication with the faa and skywest.
molly schuyler ate more than 13 pounds of steak in 20 minutes at big texan steak ranch in texas. she ate three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three salads and three shrimp cocktails. the mother of four is a professional competitive eater. she beat four other teams, including pro wrestlers and football players.
about a third of americans use some form of alternative medicine. homeopathic medicine is a $2.9 billion business. the food and drug administration is considering stricter standards for homeopathic products. experts testified at a hearing on homeopathic remedies at the fda. critics say the agency is not doing enough to regulate these products.
two men say the u.s. must lead the world on climate change and seize opportunities for unity, growth and progress. john f. kennedy's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons for today's leaders. they say climate change is a chance to add a chapter to the story of american triumph.
slovenian archaeologist ivan šprajc has discovered more than 80 ancient mayan cities in the jungles of mexico. ivan has spent 60 years excavating and mapping the sites.    he and his team have discovered a lost city of lagunita, abandoned four centuries ago.
in the centenary year of the gallipoli campaign, australia is at saturation point with war remembrance.    the first world war was contested from the outset and the war itself was divisive. australian and new zealand women had a unique advantage in shaping public debate: the vote.  women's peace army fought against military despotism.
sandra mackey was a veteran journalist and author. her book on iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country. she was a frequent commentator on cnn during the gulf war in the 1990s. she predicted events that unfolded in the middle east well before they happened.
the fbi is investigating a possible isis-inspired terrorist threat in the united states. no arrests have been made. the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information. it's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational. some cities have increased their security as a precaution.
israel's president reuven rivlin says prime minister benjamin netanyahu requested more time to form a government. netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to israeli law. last month, netanyahu's likud party won 30 of the 120 seats in parliament.
sabeen mahmud was a figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance in pakistan. she spoke for many in a country where free speech is dangerous. she was shot dead at her cafe after leading a discussion group on a topic many want silenced. no one has claimed responsibility for her killing.
kim jong un is expected to visit moscow for world war ii victory day celebrations. this would be his first official foreign trip. kim will meet with russian president vladimir putin as part of the may visit. this year's victory day marks the 70th anniversary of the victory over nazi germany in the war.
fethiye cetin discovered her armenian ancestry in her 20s. the republic of turkey has always rejected the term "genocide" of 1915. armenia and the armenians are demanding that the "great catastrophe" be recognized as genocide by turkey.
giovanni lo porto was killed accidentally by a u.s. drone strike, authorities say. he was abducted in january 2012 while working for an aid group in pakistan. he worked with the german charity welthungerlife. his family and friends remember him as a "passionate, friendly" man.
new england patriots star tight end aaron hernandez was found guilty of murder in the death of odin lloyd. john sutter says the jury found him guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced him to life without parole. he says the nfl and the patriots did everything right in handling the case. sutter: audacity seemed to be the biggest crime of the convicted murderer.
oskar gröning is on trial for complicity in the murder of 300,000 jews at auschwitz. fritz bauer: refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains disappointing in holocaust trials. bauer says oskar gröning's acceptance of moral guilt will be measured in one way.
africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in london in the past three years. nigerians are spending the most on real estate in the british capital. many african investors see london as a "safe haven" for prime property investments. africans mainly come from six countries: nigeria, ghana, congo, cameroon and senegal.
nepal is located on a major plate boundary between india and eurasia. the last major earthquake in 1934 killed more than 1,400 people. geologists say the quake was the "big one" for the landlocked country. a major concern is damage from landslides.
this page includes the show transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news.   you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnnstudent news roll call.
a pakistani source says warren weinstein's family paid money to his captors, but it did not lead to his release. weinstein was accidentally killed in a drone strike in january. the family was initially reluctant to take their case to congress. but the maryland delegation of lawmakers and staff worked closely with the family.
patrick dempsey's character on "grey's anatomy" died on thursday night. dempsey still has a year left on his contract. the show's creator shonda rhimes says dempsey was an "incredibly important character"   dempsey has a development deal with abc studios and the show will continue.
armenians commemorate the 100th anniversary of the massacre of armenians under the ottoman empire. turkey denies that a genocide took place. turkey's prime minister says turkey's rulers carried out a "monstrous crime" 1.5 million ethnic armenian people were killed by turkey in 1915. most turks do not believe that the events of 1915 were genocide. some countries do not recognize the killings as genocide.
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in houston on april 8. danielle busby delivered all five girls via c-section at 28 weeks and two days. the parents are blogging about their unique experience. the busby family is a family of eight.
bruce jenner came out as a woman on abc. social media reacted with a cheer, a shrug and a shrug. his family owned the moment. the jenners and the kardashians were among the first to tweet their support. many people were more intrigued by jenney's announcement that he's republican than coming out.
more than one million armenians were killed by turks during the ottoman empire's genocide in 1915. many armenian people are proud of kim kardashian's efforts to bring attention to the genocide.    the community mobilized and mobilized to protest and commemorate the mass killings on april 24.
tobacco companies say the fda is violating the companies' free speech rights. the food and drug administration issued guidance in march that requires new approval for changes to product labels. the companies say those guidelines go too far and are too vague. the suit claims the guidelines violate the first amendment.
more than 44 million americans visit the doctor for an annual physical exam. 92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual exam. but there's little evidence that annual physicals do any good for healthy adults. each visit costs insurers about $150.
neuroscientists john kounios and mark beeman offer tips for unleashing creative potential. research suggests that most of us suppress inspiration, suppressing it in our brains. sleep is key to creativity and can help foster the discovery of hidden connections between ideas. change everyday routines and rearrange furniture and decor to encourage creative thinking.
a 14-year-old boy is charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas. police say he encouraged an attack on an australian parade honoring the war dead and urged the beheading of "someone in australia"   he was communicating with suspects in operation rising, police say.
isis functions as a state in some communities. some children are using suction to make their lips look like kyle jenner's. a newly discovered frog has a resemblance to kermit the frog. the pentagon is working on drones at sea. michelle obama is 51 years old.
the second season of marvel's "daredevil" will be on netflix in 2016. the show stars charlie cox and rosario dawson. it's one of four series that netflix has committed to airing on the network. the series premiered its first season earlier this year.
youtube is celebrating 10 years since the first video was uploaded. the file sharing website wants to improve the quality of its content. youtube is investing in "youtube spaces" to help "creators" improve their work. youtube partners are partnering with japanese film and tv company toei to encourage samurai dramas.
many beauty trends are inspired by the kardashian clan. lip plumping is a new trend. sideboob is a trend that predates the kardsians. the "belfie" selfie is a self-photography of one's posterior. butt selfie is also a trend inspired by kim jenner.
fox is developing a two-hour remake of "the rocky horror picture show"   the adaptation will be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by kenneth ortega. the special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the 1975 cult classic. fox has a live musical production of "grease" scheduled to air in 2016.
alice barker was a dancer in new york nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s. she had never seen any of the motion pictures of her dancing. she was a member of a chorus line with frank sinatra and bill "bojangles" barker. volunteers put together a video of early music videos.
protesters want to know what happened to freddie gray, who died in police custody. baltimore police union says officers had every right to chase gray. police commissioner says another prisoner in the van said he didn't see any harm done to gray. the police department says five of the six officers involved in gray's arrest have provided statements.
chris evans and jeremy renner both apologized for comments they made during a junket interview. renner called black widow a "slut" and evans called her a "whore" both actors have since apologized for the comments. robert downey jr. walked out on an interview.
common is currently on screen with warners' "run all night" and was part of the cast of "selma"    he won an oscar for best original song for "suicide squad"  the movie already boasts jared leto as the joker and margot robbie.
more than 10,000 people were killed in nepal's worst earthquake since 1934.    the country has made remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years.  the quake will take time and help to rebuild nepal. i have set up a fund to help address the immediate needs of children.
the buffalo escaped from a farm in upstate new york on thursday. the herd swam across the hudson river and broke through barbed wire to escape. buffalo were shot and killed by "snipers" from the farm. the buffalo were chased by farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions.
robert champion, 26, died in november 2011 after a band hazing ritual. benjamin mcnamee, aaron golson and darryl cearnel are convicted of manslaughter and hazing with the result of death. champion was a florida a&m drum major.
show creator david chase went through the famous final scene of "sopranos" and revealed the reasoning behind each shot. chase: the end is deliberately uncertain and existential. chase didn't reveal whether tony soprano lives or dies in the final scene. chase was surprised by the public reaction to the ending.
internal inquiry by the tulsa county sheriff's office in 2009 found reserve deputy robert bates was shown special treatment. bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of eric harris. his attorney says bates had the proper training. the investigation found supervisors intimidated employees to disregard policies for bates.
geoffrey lewis played clint eastwood's pal orville boggs in "every which way but loose" and its sequel. he is the father of oscar-nominated actress juliette le wis. he was a prolific character actor. he appeared on "flo" and "land's end" and was a co-founder of celestial navigations.
carliss died a week after suffering a major stroke. he was 71. corliss was perhaps the magazine's most quoted writer of all time. he reviewed more than 1,000 movies and authored four books on film. he co-wrote a top 100 movies list with fellow time critic richard zoglin.
pilot arrested after trying to board flight from london to hong kong with knives in his luggage. he was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place. flight canceled for more than two hours as police investigate incident. cathay pacific apologizes to passengers.
anthony doerr's "all the light we cannot see" wins the pulitzer prize for fiction. elizabeth kolbert's "the sixth extinction: an unnatural history" won the prize for general nonfiction. stephen adly guirgis' "between riverside and crazy" wins for drama.
americans on the no-fly list will now be given the opportunity to dispute their status. the justice department's new policy comes in response to a june ruling by a federal judge. people on the list are prohibited from boarding commercial flights. aclu says the government's new process falls short of constitutional requirements.
buddae-jjigae dates back to the scarce years of the korean war. anthony bourdain says it's a "classic example of necessity being the mother of deliciousness"   the host of cnn's "parts unknown" recently cooked up the dish in anderson cooper's kitchen.
this is week three of a weekly series on catholic reading the bible. i read the story of lot and the destruction of sodom and gomorrah in genesis. i am horrified by the story. i don't believe in a god that wipes out a town because of sexuality.
full screening of airport employees would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection," report says. only two major airports in the u.s. require employees to be screened through metal detectors. tsa secretary jeh johnson has ordered a review of airport security. the transportation security administration committee says employee screening is not cost-effective.
kinnelon police officers cut off the driver's seat belt and dragged her from the overturned convertible. it took two minutes to save the driver. dawn milosky, 45, was charged with driving while intoxicated. she survived and was airlifted to a medical center.
vijay chokal-ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school in 1998. he says he applied to 22 medical schools and interviewed at 11. he was wait-listed at four schools and got into only one. he is pitching a book about his experience. a saint louis university spokeswoman says race never played a role in his admission.
mark goodacre is a professor of new testament and christian origins at duke university. he was a series adviser on cnn's "finding jesus"   viewers were invited to tweet and post questions about the gospel of mary magdalene. goodacre says it is difficult to date the gospel itself.
in china, exotic dancers are being hired to perform at wakes. four rainbows appeared to stretch across the sky in new york. a military dad photobombs his son. a 102-year-old alice barker went back in time to make a prom-posal.
"big hero 6" fabric maker springs creative responded to a mom's complaint about the omission of female characters. melissa atkins wardy shared the story on facebook and twitter. the company responded quickly and quickly. she says social media can be a powerful tool to combat gender stereotyping.
this week is the 100th anniversary of the armenian genocide. president barack obama promised to use the word "genocide" to describe the 1915 massacre by turks of armenians. he has broken his promise seven years in a row. obama regards turkey as a more crucial ally than armenia.
people are too scared to go back inside after the 7.8 magnitude earthquake in nepal. witnesses share their accounts of the quake and aftershocks. many people are still sheltering in their homes, waiting for the tremors to subside. people are crying, confused and scared.
ohio's governor says america needs a leader who believes in a common set of values to unite the country. he says ohio has a success story of turning around the economy and creating jobs. john boehner: great leaders are not guided by polls, focus groups or special interests. boehner: the leadership style that helped ohio is needed in washington.
sheldon and leonard's moms are back on "the big bang theory" christine baranski and laurie metcalf will star. scarlett johannsson hosts "saturday night live" on nbc. the tom selleck drama "blue bloods" has its season finale.
joel burger and ashley king met in kindergarten and grew up together in new berlin. burger king is a fast food restaurant chain. the couple accepted burger king's offer to pay for their wedding. they were engaged in october. burger and king met as student council representatives in fifth grade.
john sutter is reporting on climate change for the rest of the year. you can vote on the first story i'll report on "2 degrees"   vote using the facebook poll below and tell cnn's john sutter which of these climate change stories you like best. the 2-degree threshold is 2 degrees celsius, the temperature at which humans risk changing the planet. i'll be reporting on the importance of the number.
jon "bones" jones is the reigning ufc light heavyweight champion. he is wanted for questioning after a hit-and-run crash in new mexico. a pregnant woman in her 20s suffered minor injuries in the accident. police say they cannot confirm whether jones was involved in the crash.
two males have been arrested in the beating of a man on a st. louis light rail train. the victim says a young black man asked him about the shooting of michael brown. police say there will be no hate crime charges for the suspects. the beating may have been sparked by the question.
nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of execution. lawyer for a philippines maid says her execution will take place on april 28. indonesian officials had said all 10 would be executed at the same time. human rights watch and ban ki-moon have called for clemency.
at least four people are missing after a severe storm capsized sailboats during a regatta in mobile bay, alabama. more than 100 sailboats took part in the dauphin island race. as many as 50 people were rescued from the water. one person may have died.
betty whitehead willis was the designer of the iconic "welcome to fabulous las vegas" sign. she was 91. she died over the weekend. willis also designed the signs for moulin rouge hotel and blue angel motel. she retired at age 77.
dr. kristen lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head. she posted a photo of the cat on facebook. a texas animal clinic fired her and covered its marquee with duct tape. a rescuer says the cat was a pet of an elderly couple.
tickets for floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao's "fight of the century" to go on sale after agreement on ticket allocation. kenny bayless named as referee of the welterweight world title fight. three american judges also appointed for the highly-anticipated las vegas event.
in rural china, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice. china's ministry of culture has announced a crackdown on these funeral stripteases. strippers are hired to attract more mourners and "add to the fun" at funerals. exotic dancing and other forms of pornography are illegal in china.
a new cnn/orc poll finds 57% of americans say businesses should be required to serve same-sex couples. 41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons. that's a shift from a pew poll conducted last fall. age differences hold across party lines and ideology.
from friday to monday, 8,480 migrants were rescued by the italian coast guard. save the children fears 400 migrants could be missing. at least 480 migrants have died trying to reach italy since the beginning of the year. the coast guard says it cannot confirm reports that a migrant boat capsized off libyan coast.
james holmes goes on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder, on monday. 12 people were killed and 70 were injured in the theater shooting on july 20, 2012. the shooting suspect, james holmes, has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. survivors and those who lost loved ones will attend the trial.
ali addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into djibouti for 25 years. many say they're tired of waiting to be resettled through the united nations. for those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life.
video shows a mom smacking her masked son in the head repeatedly, screaming at him. police commissioner anthony batts thanks the mother for taking charge of her son. the woman saw her son on television throwing rocks at police, cnn affiliate wmar reports. the video has become a sensation online.
kathmandu's airport is closed because of aftershocks. there's no way to get out of the city. no drinking water or power in the city, and no fuel. people are sleeping on the streets and in public squares to avoid rubble. temporary shelters have been put up, but few by the government.
no one was injured in the shooting. no arrests have been made. police are still looking for suspects. lil wayne was in atlanta for a performance at compound nightclub saturday night. two tour buses were shot multiple times in a parking lot in buckhead neighborhood.
"no punishment could ever be equal to the effects of the crime," defense attorney says. dzhokhar tsarnaev's lawyer says life in prison would bring years of punishment and rob him of martyrdom. tsarnaev was convicted this month of all 30 counts in the marathon bombings.
kathmandu's only airport is a hive of activity as people rush to get out of the city. the death toll from the 7.8-magnitude earthquake in nepal has risen to 3,000. people are desperate to make it out to their stricken families, and discover their fate.
a handful of people repeated the family's message of no protests and no violence. clergy, freddie gray's family and other peacemakers tried to stop rioters. but the message was a finger in a dam, and rioters swelled into a full urban riot.
warren weinstein's wife says she is still searching for answers. former u.s. ambassador dan simpson says weinstein was a "very kind person"   he was abducted in 2011 from his home in parkistan. he was accidentally killed in a drone strike targeting al qaeda, officials say. he worked as an aid worker in pakistan.
professor irwin horwitz said he would fail the entire class at texas a&m galveston's maritime administration department. university officials say the department head will take over teaching the strategic management class. horwitz says students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues.
presidential candidate hillary clinton's campaign is trying to make her seem less of a big shot. john avlon: it's hard to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician. he says it's a balance of spontaneity and discipline. avlon says clinton and her campaign team are disciplined and relentlessly on message.
nepali pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode of a hidden camera series when the earthquake struck. they kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes in the streets of nepal. the magnitude-7.8 earthquake was a fact of life in nepal, the pranksters say.
india began planning a massive cross-border aid mission after the first quake in nepal. india's prime minister narendra modi has visited nepal twice in his first year in office. planes flew in loaded with aid from india, and aid trucks are heading to remote areas. china is also helping with relief efforts.
arthur baldwin, 29, is charged with first-degree attempted burglary and destruction of property. he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended, the secret service says. he was arrested at a woman's home in washington. baldwin is assigned to the foreign missions branch.
lee wan-koo will stay in his official role until president park geun-hye accepts his resignation. lee has transferred his role of chairing cabinet meetings to the deputy prime minister. south korea's prime minister is under investigation for corruption.
most of the injured at base camp have been airlifted out, a mountaineer says. aftershocks continue to send snow and rocks down the mountainside, complicating rescue efforts. at least 17 people are killed, dozens injured and many others missing on mount everest. airlifts of those with the most severe injuries are continuing.
four-month-old sonit awal was buried under the rubble of his home during the nepal earthquake. his father frantically searched for him for 22 hours before calling in the army to rescue him. the baby was pulled from the rubble uninjured. more than 5,000 people died in the earthquake.
none of the girls rescued from boko haram camps has been identified as among the missing chibok girls, official says. nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women in the sambisa forest. the rescued girls and women are still being screened, a military spokesman says.
10 people are sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on malala yousafzai. the nobel peace prize-winning activist was shot by taliban militants. the 10 were arrested in swat, pakistan, last september. the judge says the sentences follow a trial that included both sides.
the roads out of kathmandu are showing signs of the magnitude of the earthquake's damage. roads are riddled with cracks and fissures. people are returning to their homes to work in the fields. many villages are still uninhabitable and many people are still living in makeshift shelters.
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran's deaths will result in frictions between canberra and jakarta, says author. australian public's view of indonesia, anger with its government will take longer to subside, he says. president joko widodo was politically bound to allow the executions, author says. the executions of the "bali nine" duo will not harm australia's relationship with singapore.
sen. bernie sanders of vermont could make an announcement within days. joe biden says he is still looking at the 2016 race. ohio governor john kasich says he isn't in a rush to declare his candidacy. the gop establishment is working to keep the senate majority for republicans in 2016.
indonesian president joko widodo's execution of two men raises questions about the powers of the state. australians are appalled by the executions of andrew chan and myuran sukumaran in indonesia. john defterios says state-sanctioned violence can be justified by the will of the people. he says jokowi's executions were cold-blooded, unnecessary and highly political. defterios: we should congratulate ourselves on being civilized and humane.
no reports will be made public, police commissioner says. mayor stephanie rawlings-blake dances around the question of whether answers will be forthcoming. baltimore investigators handed files on freddie gray's death over to prosecutors thursday. the decision on whether to file charges will not be immediate.
robert downey jr. walked out of an interview with a british journalist who asked personal questions about his past. peter bergen says journalists have the right to ask questions. he says downey's behavior was arrogant, condescending and demeaning. bergen: journalists often go too far, but downey has a right to refuse to answer the question.
police suspect a bomb was planned for a bike race near frankfurt, a german terrorism researcher says. a man and a woman have been arrested in connection with a terror plot, police say. a pipe bomb and other items were found, a police spokesman says. police suspect the target of the attack was a bicycle race, the researcher tells cnn.
japanese prime minister shinzo abe is scheduled to speak wednesday to a joint meeting of congress. julian zelizer: it's the first time a prime minister of japan has addressed the entire u.s. congress. he says abe's speech will be crucial for the trans-pacific partnership free trade agreement. zelizer says congress must reauthorize trade promotion authority, which is key to the agreement.
gabriel salvador is an actor and waiter at craig's in hollywood. he offered to help cbs ceo les moonves make the floyd mayweather-manny pacquiao fight happen. salvador helped set up a meeting between moonves and freddie roach. he says his reward will be sitting at the fight.
kim bok-dong spent five years as a sex slave of the japanese army. an estimated 200,000 "comfort women" are fighting for an apology from japan. japan's prime minister shinzo abe has personally apologized in the past. tokyo maintains its legal liability for the wrongdoing was cleared in 1965.
new: up to 200 people are feared missing after a landslide in a trekking area north of kathmandu, an official says. new: the death toll rises to 4,600 in nepal, officials say. more than 9,000 people are injured in the country's capital and india. a man is pulled free from the rubble after 13 hours of rescue efforts.
air force helicopter is only the third mission of its kind to reach the village of melamchi since the nepal earthquake. more than 5,000 people were killed in the 7.8-magnitude quake on saturday. 1,376 people killed in central nepal district, 100,000 displaced. many injured people are stuck in a local clinic awaiting help.
judge jerry baxter says he wasn't "comfortable" with seven-year prison terms given to three educators in the atlanta public schools cheating scandal. three educators' sentences reduced to three years in prison. baxter had earlier given them seven years, 13 years of probation and fines.
the walkout occurred on the set of "the ridiculous six"   netflix defended the movie as satire. sandler has not commented publicly on the walkout. a native american adviser also walked off the set in protest.    the script called for native women's names such as "beaver's breath" and "no bra"
anti-immigrant violence in south africa has swept the country in recent days, leaving several dead. cnn spoke to immigrants living and working in the country about the crisis. many say the government has been too slow to respond to the violence. some immigrants are too afraid to go to work and are living in fear.
blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the indianapolis police department. the change is being made as part of an effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency"   the new color will be worn by majors, district commanders, deputy chiefs, assistant chiefs and chief of police.
bryan singer announced olivia munn will play the telepathic psylocke in "x-men: apocalypse" she will play betsy braddock in the movie. "apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release. the comic book character is a fan favorite.
swiss-born iranian photographer laurence rasti photographed gays and lesbians from iran who are in limbo in turkey. iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian. many of the refugees have fled to turkey to escape the laws of iran. many are still full of hope and love despite their rough lives.
jeremy renner was a guest on "the tonight show starring jimmy fallon" to showcase his other talents. he sang ed sheeran parodies. the "avengers" actor is known for his role as hawkeye. he also has a secret super-talent at singing.
afghan president ashraf ghani has called the rise of isis a "terrible threat" to afghanistan. u.s. officials have voiced concern about the potential for an isis presence in the country. isis fighters are trying to recruit disillusioned taliban members.
baltimore city state's attorney marilyn mosby is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in baltimore. mosby comes from a long line of police officers. she says she has received the police's investigative report. supporters of mosby express confidence in her ability to handle the case.
jared leto portrays the clown prince of crime in the upcoming movie "suicide squad" he put on white makeup and tattoos to portray the character. the internet is flooded with memes of him as the joker. the movie is set for release august 5, 2016.
jay z used the hashtag #tidalfacts to defend the performance of his new music streaming service, tidal. he launched tidal last month. there's been chatter that the service is underwhelming. jay z's tweets denying that were met with some derision.
more than 5,000 people remain missing in nepal after the devastating earthquake. technology has played a huge role in helping families search for missing loved ones. many of the missing are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers. some families have reconnected with loved ones days after the disaster.
former rap mogul marion "suge" knight's bail is set at $10 million. knight faces one count of murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident in january. he faces up to life in prison if convicted. knight's attorney asked the court to reduce bail, but a judge denied the request.
stephen hawking has teamed up with monty python to recreate "galaxy song" from "the meaning of life" the cosmologist sings the song in a computerized voice. hawking's version is available for download. the song is a parody of the theme from the comedy troupe's film.
iran and the u.s. share a common enemy, but no apparent common strategy. iranians believe air strikes against isis are not effective, and feel that the u.,s. are not trying seriously enough to defeat the terror group. iranian officials say they would like better cooperation with the u.s., but trust isn't there.
the sequel to "fifty shades of grey" will hit theaters on feb. 10, 2017. el james' husband, niall leonard, will write the script for the second film. sam taylor-johnson will not return to direct the sequel.
70% of british punters are betting on a baby girl to be born to the royal couple. royal baby is of greater historical significance to the monarchy, says royal commentator. the monarchy needs a girl to fill the female void of future generations, says queen diana's great-aunt.
sandra bullock is the world's most beautiful woman of 2015. bullock, 50, is the oldest woman to receive the honor. she calls the honor "ridiculous" and says she's happy with who she is. people magazine's cover story focuses on bullock's home life with her son.
william and kate of cambridge's second baby is expected to be a girl. diana's name is a popular choice for a baby girl's name, but i hope they don't opt to name her diana.   diana was a rare breed and her name conjures up both positive and negative responses. she would not want her granddaughter to languish in her shadow.
linda thompson says she would not have married jenner if she knew about his "gender issue" when they first met. she had two sons with him. the two met in 1979 at a celebrity tennis tournament. she says she's glad jenney publicly declared he is transgender.
bernie sanders is running for president, but he's a long shot to win, says senator's friend and friend of many years. he says people should not underestimate bernie sanders; he's an authentic voice who speaks without fear. sanders was a strong opponent of the war in iraq and supported vermont's hunting culture. senator is a progressive and a strong advocate for health care, he says, but not a democrat.
congress is gridlocked and republicans are against expanding domestic policy. julian zelizer: it's time for liberals to look local. he says liberal democrats have more political space to move forward with initiatives at the state and local level. zelizer says many liberals are uneasy about embracing innovation at the national level.
new: a u.s. special operations forces team rescues 30 people, including three americans. a 15-year-old boy is pulled from the rubble of a building in kathmandu. pemba tamang was buried for five days under the rubble. he survived because of a motorcycle, a police officer says.
fabien le coq is a photographer based in france. his photo series "treesome" reflects his travels through his native france and countries in central america and asia. each tree is photographed from the bottom looking up. each image represents different feelings at different points in time.
paramedic testifies dzhokhar "jahar" tsarnaev was docile in the ambulance. jahar tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence. the sentencing phase of the federal case will resume monday. tamerlan tsarnav was convicted april 8 on all 30 counts in the bombings.
mui thomas was born with harlequin ichthyosis, a rare skin condition that causes dry, red, flaky skin. mui was abandoned at birth and abandoned by her parents. she was a victim of cyberbullying and considered suicide. now 22, she has a full-time job, plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker.
the 69th annual tony awards are set to be handed out on june 7. past tony winner mary-louise parker unveiled the nominees. bruce willis is set to make his broadway debut. alan cumming and kristin chenoweth will host.
libyan army head gen. khalifa haftar says military action would not solve the problem. eu leaders are considering a plan to stem the flow of undocumented migrants trying to reach europe. the head of the army says he was not consulted and military action against libya is "unwise"
ciudad juarez, mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world. more than 3,000 people were killed in juarez in four years. officials say the city is much safer now. the city launched a tourism campaign to lure foreign tourists and investors back to juarez.
japan's prime minister shinzo abe missed a chance to dispel tensions with his revisionist views on history, says andrew hammond. hammond: abe has been disappointing on japan's wartime history. he says abe's stance on history is a factor in hindering trilateral security cooperation with south korea. hammond says the prime minister's apology was evasive and ambiguous.
more than 400 bodies were found buried in shallow graves in the streets of damasak, nigerian officials and a resident say. the town had recently been freed from boko haram in a joint military operation. the bodies were buried in 20 mass graves, a local government spokesman says.
the israeli military says four militants crossed into the golan heights from syria. three of the alleged attackers were killed. the military says the militants were trying to plant a bomb on the israel-syria border. the airstrikes prevented the bombing, the military said.
domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists. the fbi investigates and tries to catch those responsible for domestic terror acts. some of the most-wanted domestic terrorist fugitives are still at large. cheri laverne dalton is wanted for her alleged involvement in the brinks armored car robbery.
prosecutor javier de luca dismisses allegations that argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner tried to cover up iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing. the original prosecutor who made the allegations was found dead in january. the case is the deadliest terror attack in argentina's history.
april 27 is celebrated as freedom day in south africa. commemorates the country's first democratic elections in 1994. people across the country took to twitter to celebrate the event. this year's celebrations come against the backdrop of recent anti-immigrant attacks. people used the #freedomday hashtag to express their views.
survivors gather in fields, fields, private compounds and empty roadside lots to gather for shelter. aftershocks continue to strike kathmandu as people are forced to stay on the ground. people gather in the middle of crossroads, on traffic islands and around metal pulpits.
13,000 personnel from 14 countries take part in joint warrior military exercises. nato insists they are not a deliberate response to russia's behavior. n nato says planning for the war games started long before russia began behaving as an adversary. russia has been criticized for its actions in ukraine and other countries.
anamarie shreeves, 26, lives a zero waste life. she creates almost no waste. she composts, composts and makes her own shampoo and toothpaste. she has collected six months' worth of waste in half a year. she lives in atlanta and lives with a mason jar of waste.
5-year-old mocha the doberman ate three watches. her owners found a pile of screws, metal pieces, leather straps and watch heads in her belly. a veterinarian performed a 3-hour endoscopy to remove the watch pieces. mocho was a repeat offender and had to have emergency stomach surgery last summer.
new: russia's space agency says the spacecraft will re-enter the earth's atmosphere in about a week. flight controllers lost contact with iss progress 59 during a resupply mission to the international space station. nasa says flight controllers are still trying to make contact with the craft. the spacecraft is spinning out of control.
baltimore riots mark the 23rd anniversary of the start of the los angeles riots. lz granderson: police action was a catalyst for the waves of riots in the 1960s. she says youths were the key to the civil rights movement. granderson says police actions against african-american men can lead to riots.
kate parker's series, "strong is the new pretty," is a collection of daily images of her two daughters. parker hopes to inspire parents to capture their children's lives as they are. she shot the images to show that girls can be strong in whatever they are and be themselves.
adult coloring books are a growing trend. many new titles are being marketed to stressed-out, work-addled adults. coloring books can be used to relieve stress and calm the mind. the trend may have something to do with online access and pinterest. mindfulness and meditative coloring are recurring themes in adult coloring books.
heavy drinking among americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012. the study is the first to track adult drinking patterns at the county level. the rate of binge drinking among women increased seven times the rate among men. 8 percent of americans were heavy drinkers and 18 percent were binge drinkers in 2012.
roseanne barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma. the actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes. doctors have not given barr a timeline on when she will go blind. the comedian said her vision is "closing in now"
the minimum legal age to buy tobacco in hawaii is currently 18. gov. david ige is expected to sign the bill. ige's signature would make it law as of january 1, 2016. forty-six u.s. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone under age 21.
jean nidetch started weight watchers as a group of friends meeting in her new york home in 1961. she lost 72 pounds and inspired millions of people to lose weight. she died wednesday at her home in florida at 91. her guiding philosophy: "it's choice, not chance"
roseanne barr revealed she is going blind. she has macular degeneration and glaucoma. there is no cure for either disease, but there are ways to protect your eyes. the risk for both diseases goes up after age 60. opt for sunglasses with uv protection and avoid smoking.
jordan spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas of the swing at the masters. golfers have mobility limitations in their mid back and hips. try these yoga-based moves to develop the mobility to swing like spieth and avoid the back and knee issues that plague golfers.
142 people have tested positive for hiv in a rural indiana county since mid-december. as of friday, 136 people have confirmed cases of hiv infections in scott and jackson counties. the outbreak has spread among users of opana, a prescription drug. health leaders are working to control the "severe" outbreak.
singapore television host kenneth kong posted the logic problem to facebook. cheryl's birthday challenge was meant to test students competing in the singapore math olympiad. the problem went viral after it was posted by a high school student. it's the math equivalent of the "what's the date" problem.
mary doyle keefe was the model for norman rockwell's "rosie the riveter" as a 19-year-old telephone operator. keefe died this week at her home in connecticut. she was the symbol of american women working on the home front during world war ii.
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in tylenol and other pain relievers. a new study found that acetaminophen reduces pleasure as well as pain. each week, about 23% of american adults use a medicine containing acetaminphen. the drug blunted joy, but people did not know they were acting differently.
cassandra c. was ordered into custody of the connecticut department of children and families in december. she ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated. she has completed treatment and left the hospital, her attorney says. she was diagnosed with hodgkin's lymphoma.
chief justice john roberts faces a judicial crossroads in the obergefell v. hodges case. some conservatives hope he will vote to support same-sex marriage. he shocked conservatives three years ago by providing a pivotal vote to uphold obamacare. the justices will hear oral arguments tuesday in the case.
16 states in the u.s. have seen cases of bird flu since mid-december. the risk of bird to human transmission of the virus is "low" according to the centers for disease control and prevention. but human infections have occurred with other strains of the bird flu. the virus does not spread through people eating chickens or eggs.
many of nepal's most famous pagodas in and around kathmandu have been destroyed by the earthquake. the shiva temple pagoda and its twin are among the worst-damaged structures. other famous temples, stupas and shrines in the valley suffered surprisingly little damage.
a 3.69-carat diamond was found at crater of diamonds state park in murfreesboro, arkansas. it's the 122nd diamond found at the state park this year. susie clark's prayer for diamonds led to the discovery. more than 75,000 diamonds have been discovered at the park since 1906.
earthquake in kathmandu is a tragic echo of the events in haiti in 2010. geophysicists say we knew this disaster was coming. seismologists estimate magnitude at 7.9, but it could have been higher. geologists say the quake was not unusual or unexpected.   the earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on earth.
ben powers played keith anderson on the final season of "good times" he was 64. powers died april 6 in new bedford, mass., his family announced. powers also appeared in "cheech & chong's next movie" and "the man who loved women"
one of the biggest challenges for rescue workers is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas of nepal. many of the villages are not accessible by roads. a district hospital in gorkha, nepal, is overflowing with the injured. the hospital is ill-equipped to treat more serious injuries and serves as a transit point.
photographer ken hermann's project "flower man" is a series of portraits of flower sellers at a wholesale flower market in kolkata, india. hermann spent 10 days at malik ghat to take portraits of the sellers for his project. the market is known for its hectic atmosphere and the competition of the flower sellers.
in an email to his students, irwin horwitz accused them of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting"   texas a&m university says horwitz remains an employee and that no one has asked him to stop teaching. horwitz said his intent was not to be controversial. he stands by his decision to fail the entire class.
a growing number of japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce. japan has an aging population and a waning workforce. robots are appearing in stores, banks and banks and soon even hotels. the world's first emo robot is being tested at a hotel in nagasaki.
reigning world champion lewis hamilton wins chinese grand prix. nico rosberg finishes second for mercedes in shanghai. sebastian vettel finishes third for ferrari. rosburg claims he ruined his teammate's race by driving slowly. ferrara's vettels finishes third at the chinese race.
richard dysart played leland mckenzie on "l.a. law"   he died of cancer at his home in santa monica, california. dysart appeared in every episode of the show, which ran from 1986 to 1994. he was a noted tv and film character actor.
a longtime friend of joni mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator. leslie morris says mitchell is unconscious, but mitchell's website says she is alert. mitchell was taken to a hospital a month ago after being found unconscious in her home.
president barack obama refuses to look at the chief security challenges of the 21st century: the fruits of radical islam. frida ghitis: the obama white house's national security team has a habit of looking at the world as it is, not as it could be. ghitis says president obama's policies have left syria and libya as failed states. she says al qaeda and isis are the foremost threats to global security.
e! will air a new documentary series about former olympian bruce jenner's transition from male to female. the eight-part series is set to premiere july 26. he recently went public with the fact that he is transgender. he is already being hailed for bringing attention to the transgender community. fans hope the new show will reveal more about his relationship with his children.
north korea's leader's trip to moscow has been canceled. kim jong-un may not be feeling completely secure in his position, says julianne gong. gong: kim runs one of the most brutally repressive regimes on earth. she says a nervous, unpredictable, inexperienced leader with nuclear weapons is not a laughing matter.
cinthian colleges inc. will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses. for-profit colleges account for nearly half of all student loan defaults in the u.s., says josh slate. he says corinthian is one of the worst of the "predator colleges" and should be closed. slate: students should be considered victims and their debts should be forgiven.
some people blame president barack obama for racial tension in america. ruben navarrette: it's convenient to say the violence began when police terrorized residents. he says many are looking for a new reason for the protests, uprisings. navarrete: only 34% of black children live in a two-family household today, and there is a problem.
freddie gray was arrested baltimore police on the morning of april 12 without incident. less than an hour after he was detained, officers called for a medic. police released a more detailed timeline of events on monday. no evidence of force was used against gray, police say.
maickel melamed, 39, is battling muscular dystrophy. he was the last person to complete the boston marathon. melamed was born with the disease. he is a university professor and motivational speaker. he completed the 26.2 miles in the pouring rain.
volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in china to the u.s. next month. it will be the first time chinese-built passenger cars will roll into american showrooms. parent company geely automobile is trying to prove a chinese company can manage a global auto brand. volvo's brand is staked on safety, analysts say.
christopher scarver says dahmer turned prison food into fake limbs covered with ketchup to resemble blood. scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing dahmmer and another man in 1994. he was convicted of killing the serial killer at a wisconsin prison. dahman's former prison minister says the convict made jokes about his cannibalistic past.
kim jong un was to have visited moscow for world war ii anniversary celebrations. it would have been his first official foreign trip since taking over as leader of north korea in 2011. a kremlin spokesman says the decision is connected with north korean domestic affairs. kim's trip had been anticipated since december.
waze's "traffic cop" feature lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field, authors say. they say the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers. google's executives won't discuss the subject with law enforcement, they say. authors: google is marketing an app with the potential to obstruct law enforcement.
new book raises questions about conflicts of interest involving foreign donors to clinton family charities. peter schweizer's book is about clinton's donations to charities run by her family. john sutter says the clintons' charities have a history of mismanagement and misdeeds. he says voters are more concerned about jobs and jobs creation. sutter: questions about the clinton charities are not news, they are distractions.
china is the world's largest car market but sales of electric and hybrid vehicles still lag behind the u.s.   some affluent city dwellers are spurning cars as the hassles of buying and owning a car have become too much. some 40% of chinese say cars are losing their appeal as a status symbol.
baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a "purge" led by high school students. the term appears to be a reference to a series of action-horror movies. in the movies, all laws are suspended for a day in a dystopian future america.
tanka maya sitoula spent 36 hours trapped in the rubble of her apartment in kathmandu. she says she was confident she would survive the ordeal. at least 4,500 people have been killed across nepal in the disaster. search and rescue teams continue to work to free people trapped under the rubble.
new york's john f. kennedy airport tops the list of airports with the most claims of thefts from luggage. cnn analysis of passenger property loss claims shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables. police have arrested 31 baggage handlers and ramp workers at miami international airport since 2012.
c-span's live telecast of the white house correspondents' dinner was not strong's finest hour. president barack obama was a tough act to follow, says john sutter. he says the event was a wonderfully american exercise in tolerance and good humor. sutter: cecily strong hosted the telecast and the entire telecast was a+.
lifetime has greenlit a follow-up to its "saved by the bell" tv movie. "the unauthorized full house story" will look at the rise of the cast. the network's two-hour bell take drew only 1.6 million viewers on labor day 2014. ron mcgee will write and produce the new telepic.
new: about 1,500 people are evacuated, the interior minister says. the explosion is smaller than the two previous eruptions, cnn chile reports. it is the third eruption of calbuco since last week. a geology official says the eruption is spectacular but not as severe as the other two.
"furious 7" is the seventh installment of the "fast and furious" film franchise. critics say the film is "the best f&f by far"    the film's action sequences are "not grounded in reality" and the final moments are "awkward and moving"
"avengers: age of ultron" is the third highest-grossing film of all time. director joss whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle. but at least two of the big action scenes are lackluster. marvel's big-name franchises still seem sacrosanct.
a 14-year-old girl was returned to mexico from texas after dna tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed she was her daughter. police seized alondra luna nuñez on friday. she was believed to be the daughter of a mexican national living in houston. the girl was sent to texas before her identify was positively confirmed.
actress michelle keegan is best known for her roles on "ordinary lies" and "coronation street"   sandra bullock doesn't appear on fhm's list. she is followed by kendall jenner, jennifer lawrence and caroline flack.
lois lilienstein died from a rare form of cancer. she was co-star of "sharon, lois & bram's elephant show"   the canadian preschool show ran on nickelodeon from 1984 to 1989. she died peacefully and not in pain, her son said.
andrew lesnie worked with director peter jackson on "lord of the rings" and "hobbit" films. he suffered a heart attack monday. lesnie won his oscar for his work on the first of the trilogy. he also worked on the remake of "king kong"
justin timberlake and jessica biel have a son. silas randall timberlake was the middle name of timberlake's maternal grandfather bill bomar. it is the first baby for both. the couple announced the pregnancy in january with an instagram post.
johnny kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in montego bay, jamaica police say. he was best known for the 1988 party anthem "just got paid"   he was scheduled to perform on the tom joyner foundation fantastic voyage cruise.
koch industries announced it will "ban the box" on job applications for people with convictions. authors: 70 million people have arrest or conviction records. they say people with records cost the economy $57-65 billion in 2008 alone. african-americans are incarcerated at a rate six times that of whites. authors say obama should lead the way and embrace fair-chance hiring of those with records.
ruthy bader ginsburg alluded to s&m during the supreme court oral arguments on marriage equality. she said the institution of marriage has changed since the days when it was a "dominant and a subordinate relationship"    justice clarence thomas has not asked a question in nine years.   the court has increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics.
kabul, capital of afghanistan, is a city swollen in size but shrunken in scope. its population is five times what it was when nato first arrived in the country. roads lined with the detritus of america's war are now empty. afghans are reclaiming parts of the streets and reclaiming the streets of the capital.
andy murray married long-term girlfriend kim sears at dunblane cathedral in scotland. tennis legend wed in traditional tartan kilt and vintage dress by jenny packham. the couple met at the u.s. open in 2005 and got engaged in november last year. the wedding dubbed "the royal wedding of scotlands"
photographer simon brann thorpe's project "toy soldiers" is a series of images of soldiers posed as plastic figurines in the desert of western sahara, africa. the soldiers are with the polisario front military. thorpe hopes to raise questions on how we digest images of war through mainstream media.
percy sledge died of natural causes. he was 73. "when a man loves a woman" became a cornerstone of soul music. sledge was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 2005. he died in baton rouge, louisiana.
new consumer reports study finds it's hard to redeem airline award tickets. southwest airlines offered the most award tickets and the highest percentage of award seats. nearly 10% of passengers on the five biggest u.s. airlines flew on domestic award tickets, but some weren't getting the best value. jetblue offered the lowest percentage of awards seats and the fewest.
gulnaz was raped by her cousin's husband and jailed for adultery in afghanistan. she was pardoned and released by presidential decree. after her release, she was pressured to marry her attacker. she is now carrying the third child of her attacker, asadullah. she says she was told by her relatives to make up the allegations.
freddie gray died one week after being taken into police custody in baltimore. an attorney for gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. police have declined to say much about the case, citing ongoing investigations. gray's death comes amid a string of recent police-related deaths.
the jury is unable to reach a unanimous decision. pedro hernandez confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers say he made up his account of the crime. etan patz's disappearance sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. his parents have waited more than 35 years for justice.
a fashion company ceo in new york snapped a picture of four rainbows in the early morning sky on tuesday. the rainbows were reflected in the sky after a large amount of rain. this isn't the first time rainbows have been spotted in multiples.
japan's space agency says it plans to put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018. the mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies. china and india are the only other nations to have landed a probe on the moon.
toya graham says she wasn't concerned about embarrassing her son. she says she saw her son with a brick in his hand and told him to put it down. graham's son says she didn't want him to be like another freddie gray. she pulled her son out of a baltimore mall protest and slapped him.
five militants from the kurdistan workers' party are killed in clashes with turkish armed forces in eastern turkey. four turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting, the military says. turkish prime minister and president condemn the attack. the fighting took place in the eastern city of agri.
the uss independence was scuttled in january 1951 during weapons testing near california's farallon islands. it survived a japanese torpedo strike and two atomic bomb blasts. federal researchers surveyed the wreck with an underwater drone last month. independence was a former u.s. navy aircraft carrier.
migrant tells investigators many were trapped inside behind locked doors, prosecutors say. at least 24 bodies have been recovered, italian coast guard says. malta's prime minister says human traffickers are putting people on the "road to death"    "a mass grave is being created in the mediterranean sea," the leader of doctors without borders says.
prosperity gospel pastor creflo dollar says the devil is attempting to discredit him. dollar's campaign to buy a gulfstream g650 was met with criticism in march. he asked for $300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet. in a new video, dollar claims the church has more than 3 million supporters worldwide.
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather's big fight won't "save" boxing, says john sutter. boxing is fading away because of mismanagement and competition from mixed martial arts, he says. sutter: we are drawn to prizefights less to revel in the dark and nasty than to honor the noble. he says we all claim to hate violence, but we watch it anyway.
the bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern morocco. most of the dead are children, state and local media report. the crash happened near the city of tan-tan. the dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition, an eyewitness says. a number of people were injured in the crash.
marleni olivo threw a mango at venezuelan president nicolas maduro. she wrote her name and number on a mango and hit him in the head with it. maduro picked up the mango and held it up to the crowd. the mango-thrower says she was trying to get maduro to give her an apartment.
new attorney general loretta lynch's job is to create a muscular federal response to national unrest over police abuse. she has the power to withhold federal funds from local police departments. lynch has launched a probe of the baltimore police department, which has been the subject of complaints of brutality.
ben affleck lobbied producers of a pbs show to remove any reference to his slave-owning ancestor from "finding your roots"    pbs producer henry louis gates jr. says it's not newsworthy that affleck's ancestor was related to a slave owner. pbs has launched an internal review to determine if the show violated editorial standards.
the prime minister's chief of staff and former ambassador to the united states are among the victims. azlin alias and jamaluddin jarjis were killed in the crash. the prime minister orders an investigation. the helicopter crashed in semenyih, malaysia's state news agency reports.
president barack obama spoke at a roundtable discussion on climate change and public health this week. jennifer newton: obama says climate change is a public health issue that affects all of us. she says the average american can do their part to reduce their carbon footprint. obama encouraged citizens to pressure elected officials to reduce the impacts of climate change.
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad for their role in a failed heroin smuggling plot. indonesia's attorney general's office says the ruling is a "step closer" to the men's executions. the court says it lacks the jurisdiction to hear challenges against president's refusal to grant clemency.
nick loeb says he filed a complaint against sofia vergara to prevent her from destroying their embryos. he says he wants to keep the two female embryos he shares with the actress. the embryos were created while they dated. loeb wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term.
six survivors of the paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a french media outlet. bfmtv is accused of endangering the lives of hostages by broadcasting their location live during the hostage-taking. the lawsuit was filed march 27, a paris prosecutor's spokeswoman says. the media outlet says a journalist mentioned a woman hidden inside the store.
president barack obama revealed drone strike killed two aid workers held hostage by iran. frida ghitis: rogue regimes have long used hostages to extract concessions, humiliate the u.s. she says iran took 52 americans hostage for 444 days in 1979. ghitis says u.s. has used diplomacy to bring rogue regimes in from the cold, and has faced hostage crises.
band the slants was denied trademark registration for "slant" by the u.s. patent and trademark office. john sutter: the court's decision is racist and gets the first amendment wrong. he says the decision is a sign of the times. sutter says the court is wrong to deny trademark protection to the band's name.
the italian navy says rifle shots were accidentally fired during the operation. the fishing boat was seized by gunmen off the coast of sicily. a libyan soldier was taken into custody, the italian military says. the boat was carrying seven fishermen. it was seized hours earlier.
the gunman remains at large. the victim was a print shop operator at wayne community college in goldsboro, north carolina. the suspect is a former student at the school and is "armed and dangerous," police say. the school's president says the victim, ron lane, was a longtime employee.
smugglers offer discounts to get onto overcrowded ships if people bring more potential passengers. cnn producer secretly filmed a smuggler in libyan capital of tripoli. smuggler: "final price" for syrians is $1,000. an estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the mediterranean crossing.
scientists say yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought. there is enough hot rock under the national park to fill the grand canyon nearly 14 times over. an eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely, the scientists say. the discovery may help scientists better understand the effects of previous eruptions at yellowstone.
john stamos says netflix has ordered a reunion special and a spinoff series. candace cameron bure, who played d.j. tanner in the original series, will star as the recently widowed mother of three boys. the show will be available next year, netflix says.
matyas gutai's water house is a house built with water. hungarian architect believes water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature. the house can produce its own energy and is independent of energy suppliers. gutai built a prototype house after years of research and development.
president barack obama says the u.s. has given america "options" for how it could respond to iran's behavior in the region. the warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from iran that could be trafficking arms to houthi rebels in yemen. aircraft from the uss theodore roosevelt are also monitoring maritime traffic.
saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen three weeks ago. but aden remains a city not fully in the hands of rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government. living in aden is "terrifying" for people, cnn's john defterios says.
the man was carrying a suspicious package. jerome r. hunt, 54, is in custody and charges are pending. the package was deemed to be harmless, a secret service source says. a source says the man was compliant once he saw the dogs. he scaled the fence carrying the package.
alaska airlines flight 448 returned to seattle after pilot reported hearing unusual banging. a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold. he told authorities he had fallen asleep. the plane was only in the air for 14 minutes, alaska airlines says. flight 448 was bound for los angeles.
new: baltimore's mayor says the game will be "another sad day in our city"   the game is closed to the public to "minimize safety concerns," major league baseball says. the game follows the postponements of monday's and tuesday's games. the orioles and chicago white sox play a doubleheader on may 28.
the wisconsin badgers beat the kentucky wildcats 71-64. duke beats michigan state 81-61 in the first game of the final four. the blue devils will face duke in monday night's title game. frank kaminsky leads wisconsin with 20 points and 11 rebounds.
judge jeffrey sutton penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. the u.s. supreme court will take up the case on tuesday. sutton is considered a conservative jurist with a keen interest in states' rights.
colorado's new belgium brewery and ben & jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream. both companies have a history of social activism. the beer is set to hit shelves in the fall. the ice cream will be salted caramel brownie.
mercury is the planet closest to the sun in our solar system. nasa spacecraft messenger is about to crash onto mercury. messenger is running out of fuel and nasa says it will hit the planet's surface around april 30. mercury will be visible in the night sky until the end of may.
new: five airstrikes target a weapons depot in southern yemen, security officials say. houthi rebels call for peace talks, but only after a complete halt of attacks. new: houthis release yemeni defense minister mahmoud al-subaihi in sanaa, a saudi source says. two drone strikes are reported in mukalla, south yemen. the u.n.-sponsored talks should resume, a rebel spokesman says.
at least six people have been killed in xenophobic attacks against foreigners in south africa. other nations are evacuating their citizens from the continent. some citizens accuse african immigrants of taking jobs and contributing to a high crime rate. president jacob zuma says immigrants contribute to the nation's economy.
isis's beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation, say experts. psychology professor says high profile reports of beheading could be psychologically "priming" people to be more inclined to emulate them. it is unclear whether more "non-jihadists" are carrying out such acts.
bobbi kristina brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says. she remains unresponsive, cissy houston says. a source tells cnn she remains in the same neurological state she has been in for three months. bobby brown's father said his daughter's condition had improved.
james holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings. opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin monday. holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others at a batman movie in aurora, u.s. in 2012. he says he is not guilty by reason of insanity. a jury will decide his fate.
a u.s. military official says an afghan national army soldier killed a soldier in an attack in eastern afghanistan. other troops were injured in the attack, a defense official says. an american official was meeting with a provincial governor at the time of the shooting.
white police officer michael slager was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back. roland martin says police use of deadly force is a black and white issue. he says slager shot walter scott like a dog, but the man was shot like a runaway slave. martin: slager's case shows the epidemic of police deadly force has not died.
more than 10,000 people have arrived from libya since last weekend. italy is the "promised land" for migrants making the journey from north africa to europe's mediterranean coast. when moammar gadhafi was in control, italy controlled the flow of migrants. italian navy launched a search-and-rescue program to rescue migrants. but italy has been sanctioned by the european union.
photographer james oatway captured the attack on mozambican emmanuel sithole on his camera. he was attacked by four south africans in broad daylight in johannesburg, south africa. seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against immigrants.
freddie gray's death raises questions about police use of force in baltimore. peter bergen says the police narrative of the arrest raises several legal issues. he says police stopped and frisking is not the same as making an arrest. bergen: police have a narrative that unprovoked flight was the only reason for the stop.
mohamed mohamud is the mastermind of the garissa university attack, kenya's interior ministry says. his father says his son is missing. families identify the bodies of some of the victims at a mortuary in nairobi. the ministry identifies another terrorist involved in the attack as abdirahim abdullahi.
many people in iran are confident and optimistic about a possible nuclear deal. iran's top military brass says it hopes the u.s. and iran can work together to fight isis in iraq. but the leadership shows no sign of toning down its own fiery rhetoric.
president barack obama and baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake used the term "thugs" to describe rioters. "thug" is "the 21st century word for the n-word," a city councilman says. the rev. jamal bryant says the term is offensive to children.    "these are not thugs, these are upset and frustrated children"   a former drug dealer and author of "lessons of redemption" says the word is not accurate.
dr. mehmet oz is a celebrity talk show host and cardiothoracic surgeon. he faced criticism from colleagues at columbia university for pushing "quack treatments"    dr. oz's university and hospital stand by him, but he's serving himself at a cost to the university and his media empire.
zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi was charged in pakistan in 2009. he was accused of masterminding the 2008 mumbai terror attacks. india condemned the bail release of a top leader of the terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba.
beatriz paez says a deputy u.s. marshal grabbed her cell phone and smashed it with his foot. paez filed a complaint with police but police don't have authority over marshals. she is considering a lawsuit. the incident was recorded by another woman.
novak djokovic wins monte carlo masters title. beats thomas berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in rain-interrupted final. djokovic extends winning streak to 17 matches. first man to win opening three masters tournaments of the season.
suzanne crough portrayed youngest daughter tracy on the '70s musical sitcom. she was 52. tracy played tambourine and percussion in the traveling "partridge family" band. crough died at home in laughlin, nevada. she also starred in the tv series "mulligan's stew"
nigerian president-elect muhammadu buhari ran on an anti-corruption platform in the country's elections.    i visited nigeria in january and found a country under siege. the cancer of corruption has to be cut out, writes   the problem of corruption went hand-in-glove with the rise of terrorism.  boko haram's war is as much against non-muslims as non- muslims.
a draft script of "the breakfast crew" has been found in a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed. the movie was filmed at the maine township high school district 207 in suburban chicago. the file was discovered in a file cabinet at a high school.
mohamed badie is sentenced to death by hanging along with 13 members of the muslim brotherhood. 36 other defendants are sentenced to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities. the sentences will be appealed. a u.s.-egyptian activist has been on a hunger strike for more than 14 months.
tuesday is equal pay day, a fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups to highlight the gender wage gap. peggy drexler: the 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated. she says republicans should be paying attention to the "war on women" narrative and pay equity. drexle: republicans are wrong to ignore the issue of pay equity and should push back on it.
baltimore's freddie gray's death prompted major league baseball to postpone games in baltimore. john sutter: baseball is supposed to create community and unify. he says politics threaten sports all the time. baseball's sense of nostalgia does not sit well with african americans, he says.
"monty python and the holy grail" premiered 40 years ago thursday. the film is a comedy classic. it was a spoof of the arthurian legend. the pythons made three movies. "life of brian" is one of the most consistent of python's films.
jeff green had to have open heart surgery after a routine physical revealed he had an aortic aneurysm. he missed the entire 2011-2012 nba basketball season. green is now using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk.   he is the first person in his family to graduate from college.
police brutality against unarmed african-americans has become a national crisis, says roland martin. martin: police brutality is not new and is not reflective of a "moment" he says. he says police violence against unarmed people is a decades-long phenomenon. martin says there are no quick fixes to end police brutality, but there are steps to be taken.
gao yu's lawyer says the conviction is based on a forced confession. gao, 71, immediately says she will appeal, her lawyer says. she was accused of disclosing a highly confidential document to an overseas news organization. she is a veteran journalist and press freedom advocate.
new york state health officials say more than 160 patients have been rushed to hospitals in nine days for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies. synthetic marijuana is popular among teens. other states across the country have noticed similar trends in synthetic marijuana usage. mississippi health officials are also concerned about synthetic marijuana.
amy schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 time 100 gala. she was in front of kanye west and kim kardashian. the prank came the same night the third season of "inside amy schumer" premiered on comedy central.
hillary clinton's official announcement went online. social media responded in a big way. terms like "hillary clinton" and "#whyimnotvotingfor hillary" were trending. over 3 million views of her announcement tweets in one hour, and 750,000 facebook video views.
julian assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 to avoid extradition to sweden. swedish prosecutors previously balked at coming to britain to question him. assange's lawyer says prosecutors will now have to request permission to interview him at the embassy.
chinese nuclear experts say north korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads, according to a report. aaron miller says the u.s. may have downplayed the threat north k korea poses. he says chinese estimates are not the only troubling news about the country's nuclear capabilities. miller: north korean could be in a position to double its arsenal with weapons-grade uranium.
a microneedle patch could be the key to eradicating polio. it could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of people who need them. polio was declared eradicated in the united states in 1979. it's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of jonas salk's vaccine.
myopia rates have doubled or tripled in most of east asia over the last 40 years. rates of myopia are also rising in western nations like germany and the u.s. researchers say kids need to get more sunlight to reduce risk of the condition.
presidential candidate hillary clinton should take a 23% pay cut to highlight the gender wage gap, says donna brazile. brazile: clinton is trying to portray herself as a populist fighter for the middle class. she says closing the pay gap would be a powerful political stunt for clinton to show her support for working women.
police say two tsa officers at denver international airport conspired to grope attractive men. a tsa employee tipped off police to the scheme. both of the officers have been fired. no criminal charges will be filed because there is no identifiable victim. the male tsa officer used his hands to touch the front groin area of a man.
new york police department's new training materials are submitted to a federal judge for approval. new cadets are told to "not engage in racial profiling" and "not to tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes"   the revised training notes are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the nypd's "stop, question and frisk" practice unconstitutional.
iran's supreme leader says it is too soon to celebrate the proposed deal. ayatollah ali khamenei says he is neither in favor nor against the deal. u.s. energy secretary says it could take six months for sanctions to be lifted. iran's president says sanctions must be removed on the first day of the deal's implementation.
at least 10 iraqi security forces are killed and more than 100 are wounded, anbar official says. a politician says security is "collapsing rapidly" in ramadi. at least 150,000 people have already fled the city, a local official tells cnn. iraq's prime minister meets with u.s. president to seek more support.
the state department says it is too risky to conduct an evacuation of citizens from yemen. many americans are caught in the crossfire of warring parties in the country. the u.s. has said it's too dangerous to evacuate americans directly. cnn traveled to the port city of aden, in yemen, to meet families of americans trapped in the fighting.
a gyrocopter landed a single-person aircraft on capitol grounds on wednesday. author: the airspace is highly restricted. he says gyrocopters are classified by the faa as an ultralight aircraft. author says the aircraft is not required to have a pilot license. he is confident the nation's capital is secure from the landing of such a craft.
researchers say new research seems to support the theory that martian soil could have salty water at night. the study is based on a year of monitoring by the mars curiosity rover in gale crater. new study doesn't change the picture for life on mars. but it supports the theory.
china's biggest auto show opens in shanghai this week. china's auto market is facing a second year of slower growth in 2015 after a decade-long sales frenzy. vehicle sales in china totaled 23.5 million units last year, almost a third more than in the u.s. foreign brands have dominated sales in the past two years. but local rivals are clawing back market share.
new security order grants sweeping powers to the ruling military junta. human rights watch says the move marks the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship" thai king approves request for martial law to be lifted. new order grants military personnel powers to issue summons and arrest those who commit crimes.
david letterman's final "late show" will air wednesday, may 20. oprah winfrey, bill murray, george clooney and scarlett johansson are among the guests. steve martin, ray romano and michael keaton will also be appearing.
the fight took place at resorts world casino in queens, new york. three men were arrestted in connection to the brawl. police say approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived. several thousand dollars' worth of damages was done to the casino, police say.
a community center and apartment complex in east baltimore burned to the ground after freddie gray's funeral. the $16 million center was to be the centerpiece of a community rebuilding effort. "baltimore is a tinderbox" of poverty, unemployment and despair, church leaders say.
saudi jets began airstrikes in yemen to "restore the legitimate government" and protect constitution and elections. frida ghitis: the kingdom's real motives are to prevent the rise of a popularly supported government in the region. she says the u.s. decision to stand behind the saudi attack on yemen is misguided. ghitis says the obama administration appears to have abandoned y yemen to saudi machinations.
"our life is a journey of migration," an imam says at the funeral of 24 migrants. libyan officials say there is no system in place to send migrants home, jail them or let them go. the number of migrants fleeing to europe has risen 70% this year, a charity says.
new: helicopters bring stranded climbers off the mountain. at least 17 people have been killed at everest base camp. helicopters are bringing climbers and sherpas from camp 1 and 2 back to base camp, witnesses say. more than 200 people are stuck in the higher camps after the avalanche.
new england patriots star aaron hernandez is sentenced to life without the possibility of parole. "they got it wrong," he says as he is transported to a state prison, a source says. "odin was the man of the house," his mother tells the court. the former tight end was convicted of first-degree murder in the murder of odin lloyd.
the university of florida and emory university are investigating allegations of disrespectful acts. zeta beta tau fraternity members are accused of spitting, urinating and pouring beer on wounded war veterans at a warrior beach retreat. the fraternities have apologized to veterans and their families.
"partner up" is a facebook mantra to help people keep themselves accountable for their fitness. i'm a full-time triathlete and was struggling to keep up with her training. i partnered up with a group of friends to do a group workout. i also joined a local cycling club for a series of novice bike rides.
nasa's new horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of pluto. the probe is due to make its closest approach to pluto on july 14. it is nearing the end of a journey of more than 3 billion miles. pluto is 3.6 billion miles out in the solar system.
roosevelt's death struck chicago daily news 70 years ago on april 12, 1945. charlie cleveland was a copygirl at the city desk at the daily news. she recalls the moment the news of president's death was reported. cleveland says editors rushed to the rewrite desk to get a story on the new president, harry truman.
isis and boko haram's treatment of women is part of a radical strategy to build a "caliphate," says frida ghitis. ghitis: women captives are raped and sexually assaulted by jihadi fighters. she says rape is a weapon of war and a way to humiliate the enemy.
local officials say methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the virgin islands. governor of virgin islands says his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013. authorities are trying to track down vacationers who may have been exposed to the pesticide.
altamura man is the oldest neanderthal to have his dna extracted by researchers. he fell into a well 150,000 years ago. his skull was found in a cave in southern italy. it took more than 20 years to extract his dna. scientists believe he died in the cave after falling into the well.
isis presents itself as a global organization, but it has thrived because of a local cause, says john defterios. defterios: isis is clearly about religion but it is also about power. he says the group has changed the nature of terror. isis' leaders are a messaging machine, he says. defterio: the group's main focus is to create chaos.
pope francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september, the vatican says. he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between cuba and the u.s. francis is the first pope from latin america. he will visit washington, new york and philadelphia.
hilary clinton is the best-known presidential candidate across both parties. julian zelizer says it's unclear what clinton stands for. he says there are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to clinton. clinton's foreign policy record is mixed, he says. zelizer: the democrats are intellectually impoverished.
"roots" had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977. a&e networks are remaking the miniseries to air in 2016. producers will consult scholars in african and african-american history for authenticity. levar burton, who played kunta kinte, will co-executive produce the remake.
baltimore riots are a rorschach test for left and right, says roland martin. he says both sides see the rioting as confirmation of their views. martin: we are the authors of every page of baltimore's story. both sides are responsible for structural racism and personal irresponsibility, he says.
in 2013, turkish archaeologists found a piece of the true cross of jesus' cross in a stone chest in a church. but the box was later found to be empty. the "true cross" phenomenon is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for relics of the crucifixion. to say something is a " true cross" can mean it's divine certainty or fraud.
underwater search area for missing malaysia airlines flight 370 is set to double in size. teams have covered about 60% of the priority search zone without finding any trace of the plane. the new search area would be bigger than the u.s. state of pennsylvania. flight 370 vanished more than a year ago.
businesses in baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city after monday's riot. some local businesses stayed open to offer free food and water to protesters. not all businesses fared well and some are left to rebuild or repair after the unrest.
dc entertainment, warner bros. and mattel announce a partnership to launch dc super hero girls. the initiative is aimed at girls ages 6-12. the characters include wonder woman, supergirl, batgirl and poison ivy. social media reaction to the initiative was mostly positive.
five years after the deepwater horizon oil rig disaster, the gulf of mexico is still reeling from the oil spill.    bp has spent more than $14 billion on cleanup, but up to 10 million gallons of oil is still on the seafloor of the gulf. the obama administration proposed a five-year offshore oil and gas drilling plan.
h henry louis gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in pbs documentary about ben affleck's family. julian zelizer: gates missed an opportunity to show importance of slavery's past to america's present. he says gates should have shown courage to confront the racism in his own family tree. zelizer says gates deleted the segment because it was not good television.
walter scott was killed by a white police officer in north charleston, south carolina, after being stopped for a broken taillight. john sutter: police chief and police department handled the case differently than those in ferguson. he says police chief was "sickened" by the video of the shooting. sutter says there is no plausible evidence that officer michael slager feared for his life.
hillary clinton's new campaign video is filled with women. clinton often says there's no better time to be a woman president than now. the challenge for clinton is laying out a campaign vision that connects with all voters. nearly three quarters of americans expect to see a female president in their lifetime.
ibrahim al-rubaish was once in a u.s. detention facility in guantanamo bay. he was killed in a "crusader airstrike," al-malahem media says. al qaeda in the arabian peninsula leader was a religious scholar and combat commander. yemen has been in disarray since a prison break.
sen. elizabeth warren says she wants to see a 2016 presidential candidate willing to fight for the middle class. warren insists she's not running for president. she says she feels washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but not the rest of the nation. she said two republican candidates have disqualified themselves in her eyes.
baltimore police officers were blamed for doing too little and too much to stop violence in baltimore. but police officers don't know what happened to freddie gray, says a former cop. he says police are not the main problem, but police abuse has less to do with race than poverty and class.   he says society needs to look inward for blame and outward for justice.
james holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. the prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty. holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder. he opened fire in a theater in aurora, colorado, in 2012, killing 12 people and wounding 70.
billionaire elon musk's private space exploration company spacex hopes to land a rocket upright on a platform in the ocean. weather forced the company to scrub monday's launch. spacex will try to land the bottom stage of a falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft to the international space station. the company says the odds of a successful landing are 50%.
cnn crew took on refugees from djibouti to aden, yemen, to document the war. the trip took a day and a half and included a stop-over at the port of aden to see the people of yemen. the boat became a lifeline for families caught in the fighting. some refugees were charged $300 to leave the port.
jamal al-labani is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in yemen. more than 200 people have been killed in aden in the past 11 days. yemeni-americans are trapped in the conflict and haven't gotten enough help, advocacy group says. the state department says there are no plans to evacuate private citizens from the country.
justices of the supreme court practice politics as much as law, writes julian zelizer. public opinion on same-sex marriage has turned upside down since 2003. zelizer: the court has always been about more than the intentions of the framers. he says most of the justices have already made up their minds on the issue.
syrian man fled to turkey after losing his job in dubai and had nowhere else to go. he traveled across the mediterranean by sea to get to italy by smuggling. he was rescued by a cypriot coast guard ship after his boat got stuck and he was deported back to turkey. he is now living in italy and says he has a better life.
russian president vladimir putin shrugged off questions about the impact of western sanctions on his nation during a nationally broadcast annual q&a session. putin: "sanctions are sanctions"   he predicted the sanctions would not end soon. he defended lifting a ban on the sale of a air defense system to iran.
the listeria outbreak dates to 2010, the centers for disease control says. blue bell creameries recalls all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats in 23 states. 10 people in four states have fallen ill from the bacteria. three people in kansas have died in the past year.
talk show host dr. mehmet oz is on columbia university's faculty. 10 doctors from across the country emailed a letter to the university expressing disapproval of oz. they accuse him of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity" in his tv and promotional work. oz says he will not be silenced.
the passenger, 36-year-old gary terry, was pronounced dead at the scene, the florida highway patrol says. the driver, 24, was hospitalized with minor injuries. the car crashed into a guardrail at walt disney world speedway. petty holdings operates the exotic driving experience.
alexis keslar tried to repel a bee and let go of her son's stroller, police say. the stroller rolled into a canal. she tried to rescue her sons, silas and eli, but the current was too strong. the 18-month-old twins drowned.
no deaths have been reported from the tornadoes. there are reports of damage in two texas counties. the national weather service warns of a large, damaging tornado in rio vista, texas. the weather service says no deaths or injuries have yet been reported.
beijing-backed election proposal tabled in hong kong's legislature. pro-democracy legislators have vowed to veto the proposal. hongkong's leadership says the proposal is "ridiculous" and "a fake universal suffrage"    the city's leadership has warned pro- democracy legislators against the veto, saying the city might never get political reform.
australia recalls its ambassador to indonesia for consultations. andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were two of eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad. brazil's foreign minister says country has no plans to recall its ambassador. indonesian president joko widodo shrugs off the diplomatic recall.
baltimore single mom toya graham was hailed as a hero for pulling her son away from a riot scene. frida ghitis says she's not promoting violence. she says graham's actions are evidence of her commitment as a parent. ghitis: the world needs more mothers who are willing to put themselves between their children and danger.
u.s. secretary of state john kerry says the deal is "a good deal"   but obama warns congress not to block the deal. iran's foreign minister says "mutual mistrust" was a problem in the talks. the framework for the deal was announced after late-night talks.
a catholic reads the bible from cover to cover. this week covers the book of genesis, chapters 1-11 of the bible. the author reads at night to unwind and reflect. she finds many surprises in the bible, including the forgotten son of adam and eve and seth.
north korean defector sends copies of "the interview" across the border from south to north korea in balloons. lee min-bok launches the balloons in the dead of night to avoid confrontation with pyongyang. south korea's police and military are monitoring launches closely after pyongyang fired on similar propaganda balloons.
a second person has been charged with attempting to carry out an "isis-inspired" terror plot, police say. five young men were arrested in melbourne, australia. prime minister tony abbott says the suspects planned to attack during a national commemoration. two of the men have been released pending further inquiries.
a taliban spokesman denies his group is responsible for the attack. an afghan lawmaker is among the 64 people wounded, police say. an eyewitness says the protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor. a suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan.
conor mcdonnell is the self-taught photography star behind instagram's most liked photo. he has over 25,000 followers on his personal instagram account. he shares his top tips on how to take great photos for social media success.    the photographer shares his tips on finding the right lighting, editing photos and hashtags.
officer michael rapiejko told investigators he thought he was too far away to take a shot at the suspect. officer ran his car into mario valencia with his patrol car in february. valencia survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree. his lawyer says police used excessive force.
james webb space telescope is a successor to the hubble telescope that has been operating in space for 25 years. new telescope is as big as a tennis court and requires a golf ball of gold. scientists hope to study the first galaxies formed after the big bang and search for signs of life on other planets. mission will cost $8.5 billion.
liberland is the world's newest micronation. founded on a tiny parcel of land on the border of serbia and croatia. czech politician vit jedlicka says country will be formally founded on may 1. almost 300,000 people have applied to become citizens of liberland.
president abraham lincoln never lost his ardor for the united states to remain united during the civil war. lincoln's second inaugural address was in the spirit of reconciliation and unity.    lincoln and ulysses s. grant met at appomattox courthouse to discuss terms of surrender of confederates.
obama was the first president to use the term "transgender" in a state of the union address. bruce jenner is a transgender reality tv star. activists are cautiously optimistic about the growing number of transgender people in popular culture. but activists say there's a long way to go before transgender people face discrimination.
south african sculptor jonty hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist. he creates nano-sculptures using cutting-edge technology. hurwitz was co-founder of $500 million finance site wonga. he works with nanotechnology engineers at karlsruhe university to create his sculptures.
migrants are fleeing war and poverty in africa and the middle east. nearly 10,000 migrants have arrived on italian shores since the weekend. as many as 900 migrants have died making the journey so far this year. since 2000, almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the mediterranean.
bobby drake, aka iceman of the x-men, comes out as gay in a new issue of the comic book. iceman's outing happens in an unusual manner. the issue of "all-new x- men" no. 40 was leaked on wednesday.
a majority of americans favor medical marijuana's legalization, according to pew poll. john sutter: i see signs of a revolution in the attitudes of everyday americans on the issue. he says support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years. sutter's documentary, "weed 3," chronicles the medical marijuana revolution.
fireball cinnamon whisky is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in america. retail sales more than doubled last year. it has dethroned jagermeister as america's party shot of choice. it's the sixth-most popular liquor brand in the u.s.
the body of a 3-year-old girl was found in las vegas, police say. the body of her 4-month-old sister, a mother, was found. the teen mother was arrested on child abuse charges in connection with her sister's death. police are searching for the girls' parents, who may be in california.
sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the wild. experts are scrambling to preserve the subspecies of rhino. there are no known northern whites left in captivity worldwide. experts at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya are trying to conceive with the rhinos. rhinos are targeted by poachers.
new: a government official says 6,525 people are reported to have been injured. the death toll in nepal stands at 3,218, a government spokesman says. the search for survivors continues. residents of kathmandu are banding together to get by after a series of aftershocks.
amnesty international india is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern india. police claim self-defense, saying the suspects attacked them with stone and axes. forest officials spotted hundreds of suspected smugglers cutting trees for the wood, police say.
dzhokhar tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty in the boston marathon bombings. the defense and prosecution make closing arguments in the case. jurors are set to begin deliberations tuesday in the trial of dzhokar tsarnaev. the prosecution and defense made closing arguments on monday.
boston prosecutors release video of the shooting of a police officer last month. angelo west, the gunman, was black. the officer wounded, john moynihan, is white. he was honored at the white house for his heroism in the boston marathon bombing.
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence. video shows bates shooting eric courtney harris in the back with a handgun instead of his taser. bates' attorney says the shooting was an "excusable homicide"
15 people are arrested on suspicion of murdering the christians, italian police say. police say muslims threw 12 fellow passengers overboard because they were christians. other passengers were spared because they formed a "human chain" to stop the killing. the group was trying to get from libya to italy in a rubber boat.
marana police chief terry rozema says deadly force was justified. video shows an officer driving his car into an armed suspect with a rifle. the suspect, mario valencia, survived and was hospitalized. video has stirred debate about what type of force police should have used.
2-year-old damani terry was accidentally killed at a birthday party in milwaukee on sunday. the boy was struck and killed by a van. his brother and the van's driver were also killed. the driver and the teen were killed by the same man, police say. the suspect committed suicide at a chicago-area hotel.
officer michael rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006. he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who accused him of threatening to shoot him. rapie jko resigned voluntarily in 2006. the officer previously faced an excessive force lawsuit in new york, court documents show.
international organization for migrants says there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters. european union ministers propose a 10-point plan to help address the crisis. at least three people are killed in a shipwreck off the greek island of rhodes. more than 900 migrants are believed to have died crossing the mediterranean so far this year.
tulsa police investigator says reserve deputy robert bates "inadvertently" shot a suspect with his firearm rather than his stun gun. bates was a victim of "slip and capture," investigator says. clark says bates' actions were not normal because of the stress of apprehending the suspect.
the police shootings in ferguson and north charleston bear only mild resemblance. the officer was white and the victim was black and unarmed. video of walter scott's shooting is clear that scott was not a threat to officer michael slager. there was no bystander video of michael brown's death. it's unclear if the ferguson shooting influenced the handling of the scott shooting.
about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations, aid group says. two immigrants and three south africans were killed in the attacks in durban. police have scrambled to stop clashes after residents accused immigrants of taking jobs. in the past, anti-immigrant violence has killed scores of people in johannesburg.
freddie gray's death is not the only case of a suspect who died after being arrested under questionable circumstances. sheriff's deputies in new iberia, louisiana, claimed white shot and killed himself in the back of a squad car. police in vineland, new jersey, said white died after he was already handcuffed.
ebony dickens, 33, of east point, georgia, threatened to shoot every white cop. she was arrested after a facebook rant. police say she used a fake name and threatened to kill at least 15 people. she is charged with disseminating information related to terrorist acts.
the ss city of cairo was sunk by a german u-boat in 1942. it was carrying 100 tons of silver. deep ocean search found the silver coins at a depth of more than 16,800 feet under the surface. the company says the depth is a world record.
the jury includes 19 women and five men. james holmes' defense attorneys asked for a change of venue. opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin april 27. holmes is accused of killing 12 people at a colorado movie theater in 2012. he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
most of the tickets for floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao's fight have sold out. ringside tickets for las vegas showdown are on sale for as much as $180,000. most expensive seat on sale through resale websites. only 1,000 tickets were available to the general public.
michael slager is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott. slager's voice can be heard in audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of the shooting. he tells his wife: "he was running from me"   "walter was a dear friend and i miss him," scott's friend pierre fulton says.
robert boardwine's friend, joyce bruce, used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. boardwine was awarded joint legal custody and visitation. court of appeals of virginia says boardwine is legally entitled to be a part of his son's life.
dzhokhar tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty. the jury deliberated for more than seven hours tuesday. tsarnaev's defense attorney says his brother, tamerlan, was the instigator of the bombing. the prosecution says dzhokar tsarnaev wanted to "terrorize" the country.
baltimore police department releases the names of six officers involved in the arrest of freddie gray. baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake says she understands protesters' frustration. the mayor pledges to find out how gray died after being arrested. gray died of a spinal injury sunday.
denver teacher kyle schwartz asks her third grade students to write a sentence: "i wish my teacher knew"   the assignment is a way for teachers to learn about their students' needs and feelings. students' wishes can reveal a glimpse of painful struggles in their lives.
north charleston police chief says he was "sickened by what he saw"   mayor keith summey says the city has ordered an additional 150 body cameras for officers. officer michael slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of walter scott.
the university of nebraska at omaha is getting a new stadium. an omaha taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events. #tacocannon is the no. 1 trending topic in omaha. the tacos will start flying this fall.
japan's fastest maglev train hits 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on experimental track. the train covered 1.8 kilometers in 10.8 seconds. china has the world's fastest commercial maglev, but it's only at 431 kilometers. japan railways has been testing a maglev for a planned route.
charlotte dujardin and valegro win second consecutive reem acra fei world cup dressage title in las vegas. dutch rider wins second consecutive title at the weekend. steve guerdat wins longines fei jumping title at 10th attempt. irish showjumper bertram allen wins bronze at the age of 19.
showjumping and dressage world cup finals take place in las vegas for the sixth time this week. more than 80,000 fans expected to attend the event at the thomas & mack center. world's top riders will compete in dressage and showjumping. organizers hope to raise the profile of equestrian sport in the u.s.
nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children. companies estimate 25 couples are now in kathmandu with newborn babies. ronen ziv's unborn baby is due this week in nepal. he worries his surrogate mother, nafisa shaje, will get the proper medical attention.
japan's prime minister shinzo abe has an opportunity to apologize to "comfort women" during joint meeting of congress. japanese women were forced into sexual slavery by japan's imperial army during world war ii. ms. ms lee: japan has tried to rewrite history and rewrite it. she says japan must apologize and accept responsibility for its actions.
chad bernstein's nonprofit, guitars over guns, pairs middle-school students with professional musicians in miami's poorest communities. almost one of every three miami-dade county residents live in poverty. do you know a hero? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015.
two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu, nepal. anuradha koirala and pushpa basnet are living in a field after their homes were damaged. both are helping with relief efforts in the aftermath of the disaster.
jody farley-berens started singleton moms to help single parents with cancer. nearly 12 million parents in the united states are raising kids on their own. do you know a hero? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015.    the nonprofit provides practical, financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents in phoenix.
npr ran a report on baltimore unrest saying african-americans targeted asian-owned businesses for destruction. john sutter: it's a myth that asian businesses have been targeted out of racial animus. he says black-owned stores were mostly protected during the riots. sutter says mainstream media focuses on stories that distract from the real issues in urban communities.
jordan spieth wins masters title at augusta. 21-year-old golfer becomes second-youngest ever masters champion. equaled tiger woods' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par. spieth opens up about his autistic sister ellie, who was not able to attend the tournament.
louis jordan, 37, was fishing on a sailboat when it capsized in late january. he was rescued 200 miles off the coast of north carolina. he broke his shoulder and had to be rescued after his boat capsized twice. his father, frank jordan says his son was praying the whole time.
in 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated americans supported same-sex marriage. according to a poll, more people of faith now favor marriage equality than oppose it. the u.s. supreme court has seen a dramatic shift in support of gay rights in the last decade.
gov. jerry brown ordered mandatory restrictions on water use in california to deal with severe drought. john defterios: is the drought a consequence of climate change? he says scientists say it's not, but it is linked to human-induced climate change. he says the connection of a weather event to climate change is likely to be controversial. defterio: water shortages are a serious problem in much of the world and need to be addressed.
almost 42 million adults in the u.s. have been married more than once, up from 13% in 1960.    pew research shows marriage is correlated with economic well-being, but it's not clear if it's good for the economy. i-report: 50% of millennials say they would rather be single, successful and happy than married.
anthony sideri robbed a bank after shooting up heroin in 2007. it was the last time he ever used drugs. he spent eight years in jail and 22 months in rehab. he was convicted of robbery and larceny. he has vowed to never let drugs influence his life again.
as many as 1,600 deaths in mediterranean have been reported in the past 10 days.   the migrant crisis has been brewing for years and has drawn journalists to sicily. italians are alarmed at the prospect of as many as a million migrants arriving in europe this year.
nasa's messenger space probe crashed into the surface of mercury after running out of fuel. the crash wasn't visible from earth because it was on the far side of mercury. the probe was the first to orbit the planet closest to the sun. it was launched in 2004 and traveled nearly 11 years. the spacecraft was healthy when it crashed.
new: geologists warn of the potential for more activity from calbuco volcano. ash spreads east into argentina. more than 4,400 people are being evacuated, the interior ministry says. ash could reach 12,000 feet, new advisories say. the volcano erupted twice in 24 hours, geologists say.
erica kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. she has accused jameis winston of raping her in december 2012. winston has said the sex was consensual. a prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case.
italy's finance police's ship, the calabrese, regularly patrols the mediterranean off lampedusa. italy has been the first point of entry to europe for tens of thousands of migrants from africa and the middle east. the crew of the ship has joined italy's effort to rescue migrants. one crew member recalls his worst experience serving at sea.
north korean leader kim jong un has executed 15 senior officials so far this year, a south korean lawmaker says. kim is ruling in an impromptu manner, intelligence agents say. he does not countenance excuses or views at variance with his own, the officials say.
swift did not divulge the nature or severity of her mother's cancer. she urged her fans to make sure their parents get screened for health problems. #prayformamaswift was a trending hashtag on twitter. andrea swift, 57, has joined swift on tour and in her videos.
at least two people are detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property, police say. baltimore police union's comparison of the protests to a "lynch mob" draws criticism. a police union attorney says police officers are never the subject of a lynch mob. freddie gray died sunday after a week of protests.
bikram choudhury has been accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students. he says he feels sorry for his accusers, claiming they've been manipulated by lawyers to lie. he repeatedly denied sexually assaulting anyone in an exclusive interview with cnn.
chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are leading economic leaders of the world's two most populous nations. india could overtake china as world's fastest growing economy as soon as this year. china's economy is slowing down but india faces a longer list of economic challenges. but china has the muscle to stay ahead.
darpa says self-steering bullets passed most successful round of live-fire tests to date. "smart bullets" are.50-caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors. system has been developed by darpa's extreme accuracy tasked ordnance program. u.s. military says it has made great progress in developing the bullet.
sarah brady died of pneumonia, her family says. her husband, james brady, was president ronald reagan's press secretary, was shot in the head in 1981. the bradys pushed for stricter gun control laws. she was the chairwoman of the brady campaign.
kenyan deputy president william ruto gives u.n. refugee agency three months to relocate refugees from the dadaab camp to somalia. ruto: "we shall relocate them ourselves"   a u.n. official says the agency has not received a formal request from kenya's government to move the camp. more than 600,000 somalis live in the world's largest refugee camp.
greenpeace activists climb aboard a shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the arctic near alaska. shell says the boarding was illegal and jeopardized the safety of the activists and the crew. greenpeace says the activists plan to occupy the underside of the rig's main deck.
russia's president vladimir putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public at annual q&a session. it is a chance for russians to question the country's leader on live television. putin is an isolated figure, closely guarded behind the walls of the kremlin.
yemeni officials say saudi airstrikes hit a military base and a school in southwestern yemen. at least a half dozen students are injured in the attack, officials say. a fifth of the armored vehicles captured by southern separatists are destroyed in a saudi airstrike, a separatist official says.
izzat ibrahim al-douri was the highest-ranking member of saddam hussein's regime to evade capture. he was killed in an operation by iraqi security forces and shia militia members, a militia commander says. al- douri was a former top deputy to saddamhussein and a key figure in sunni extremist groups.
the solar impulse 2 is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel. the experimental plane has been grounded by the weather in china. the plane will cover 35,000 kilometers (21,748 miles) over five months. more than 60 crew members are on the ground waiting for the plane to depart.
is sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law. isis documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate. some subjects are banned, including democracy and political thought. the isis health department runs hospitals for anyone feeling ill, not just wounded fighters.
the five women activists on women's rights were released on bail late monday. they are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation, their lawyer says. they will be under surveillance for a year and may face charges in the future. their families and supporters express mixed emotions over the release.
paul nungesser was cleared of responsibility in emma sulkowicz's 2013 rape claim. he filed a federal discrimination lawsuit against columbia university for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist" according to the lawsuit. the lawsuit alleges the school and professor allowed emma to speak out against him after he had been cleared of wrongdoing. the school declined to comment on the suit.
president obama and raul castro shake hands at a dinner for latin american leaders in panama. the two nations have barely been on speaking terms for more than 50 years. obama is expected to remove cuba from the u.s. list of countries that sponsor terrorism.
joseph kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation. his lawyer says his client has been released from jail. kent's arrest was broadcast live on cnn tuesday night. he was arrested after a curfew was imposed in baltimore. he is not a student at morgan state university.
the people of nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. cnn vetted a list of organizations working in nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts. you can make an impact by donating to relief efforts in the country. donate to actionaid usa, wateraid, the salvation army and more.
spacex founder elon musk says the rocket landed on a drone ship, but it tipped over. spacex is attempting to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time. the rocket is carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon to the international space station.
chief justice john roberts appears to lean more closely to conservative justices. justice anthony kennedy returns to a familiar role as the court's swing vote. justice antonin scalia and justice samuel alito are critical of the traditional definition of marriage. supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rally outside the court.
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 in baltimore. it's unclear how gray suffered a spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later. six police officers were suspended in the wake of gray's death. the officers say they didn't use force against gray, but that's not certain.
the u.n. is appealing for $174 million to help nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations. boko haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast. aid agencies are scrambling to provide clean water, shelter, food and access to education.
william melendez is charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner against former inkster, michigan, police officer. police chief vicki yost announces her resignation. floyd dent was charged with drug possession, assaulting an officer and resisting arrest after a traffic stop. all charges against dent have been dropped.
officials say china and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their submarine forces. the u.s. must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques. concern that china could match u.s. underwater capabilities has encouraged the development of unmanned drone ships.
"the tin drum" author guenter grass died in a clinic in luebeck, his publisher says. he was 87. grass is best known for his novel "the tin drum"   he has sparked controversy in the last decade. grass died of pneumonia, german media are reporting.
feidin santana says he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident. he says he saw officer michael slager on top of walter scott and heard the sound of a taser.    he believes scott was trying to get away from the officer.
new: at least 17 people are reported killed on mount everest. at least four chinese citizens are killed in nepal, chinese state media reports. more than 1,800 people are killed, officials say. the death toll is expected to rise. the magnitude-7.8 quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years.
yuhei takashima, 64, says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women, some of them girls as young as 14. police say he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography. he says he began paying for sex in 1988 while working at a japanese school in manila. police seized 147,600 photos of his activities over more than a quarter of a century.
65 cases of 20-year-old pappy van winkle were reported missing from a kentucky distillery in october 2013. a grand jury indicts nine members of a criminal syndicate. the alleged ringleader is gilbert "toby" curtsinger, a loading dock worker at buffalo trace.
police estimate 275,000 demonstrators march in sao paulo. it's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month. protesters are pushing for the impeachment of brazilian president dilma rousseff. the protests are fueled by a corruption scandal that has implicated politicians in her party.
freddie gray did not get timely medical care after his arrest, police commissioner says. baltimore police commissioner anthony batts says there are no excuses. gray was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van, police say. anger over gray's death continues to grow ahead of a major protest.
iraqi-born engineer ben kacyra founded non-profit company cyark to preserve world's cultural heritage. cyark uses laser scanning to protect threatened ancient and historical architecture. the company has a plan to scan 500 world heritage sites in five years. it offers free educational access to the digital recreations of important monuments via the web.
third world happiness report: happiest countries have longer life expectancies, more social support and more generosity. switzerland, iceland and bhutan are the top 10 happiest countries in the world, according to the u.n.'s happiness report. the report was released by the sustainable development solutions network for the united nations.
president barack obama and raul castro meet for an hour at the summit of the americas in panama. castro says he trusts obama.    castro gives a long list of grievances to the u.s. but praises obama's "humble background"   a key stumbling block remains: cuba's place on the state sponsor of terror list.
the number of migrant deaths in the mediterranean has increased by a factor of 30 this year. eu critics have called for tougher action to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey. australia's immigration policy has been designed as a deterrent to deter migrants, says john defterios. he says the eu should adopt a tougher approach to asylum seekers and turn back more boats.
edwin sabuhoro was a warden in rwanda's volcanoes national park. he quit his job to help poachers make a living. he turned poachers to farmers and built a cultural village for former poachers. he is now trying to help other national parks across africa.
the ethiopian government confirms 30 of its citizens are among the two groups. isis operatives execute two groups of christians in libya. the terror network's media arm releases a video of the executions. the video shows christians being beheaded at different locations inlibya.
ernst haas was one of the great photographers of the 20th century. he was a member of the magnum photos cooperative and a regular on movie sets. haas' work is often overlooked, but a new book of his movie photography is out.    he was known for capturing the artificiality of film work.
record store day is on saturday. corporate america has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing. record stores are a cultural institutions that celebrate music history and nurture the local music scene. hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate record store day. many stores will host live performances, drawings and book signings.
mohamed morsy was convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence and sentenced to 20 years in prison. he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters. his party calls the trial a "travesty of justice"   a lawyer representing one of the torture victims says the conviction was fair.
a small number of surgeons are using obsidian scalpel blades to carry out fine incisions with minimal scarring. obsidian is one of the sharpest substances found in nature and can rival diamond in cutting power. modern obsidian scalpels are made from volcanic glass and can produce cutting edges many times finer than steel scalpels. there is little academic research into the efficacy of obsidian blades.
christians have been targeted by some of the world's worst terrorist groups. most victims of isis are fellow muslims who refuse to go along with the group's views. isis and al-shabaab are among the groups that have targeted christians. other christians have also been killed by established terror groups.
the virgin mary church was torched and looted by a mob in august 2013. two minors are sentenced to 10 years in prison. most of those sentenced were tried in absentia. at least 42 churches and other businesses and homes were targeted in the attack. some blamed supporters of mohamed morsy.
robert bates pleads not guilty to a charge of second-degree manslaughter. a judge grants bates permission to go to the bahamas for a family vacation. the family of eric harris, the man bates killed, says bates' vacation sends a message of apathy. bates claims he meant to stun harris with a taser, but mistakenly shot him with a gun.
every culture remakes jesus in its own image. hollywood has yet to cast an actual jew as christ. scholars say filmmakers are competing to make their work as historically accurate as possible. the new, multicultural jesuses are brawny, with brown eyes and dark faces.
walter scott's family is exhausted, charleston mayor says. police meet with a man who was in walter's car when michael slager pulled it over. a new witness says she saw a scuffle between slager and scott. slager's lawyer says he "has not received the cooperation from law enforcement"
fatu kekula was single-handedly trying to save her ebola-stricken family eight months ago. a cnn story prompted donations from around the world to help pay for her nursing education. she's now studying at emory's nursing school to learn skills she'll take back home to care for her fellow liberians.
dash cam video from michael slager's patrol car does not show the actual shooting. a witness says he never saw walter scott try to get officer's taser. a scott family attorney says the man with scott is a co-worker and friend. another witness says she saw scott and slager in a "tussle"
jon reiter tells cnn 17 people have been killed on mount everest. indian army's everest expedition evacuated bodies of 13 mountaineers from base camp. two companies report the deaths of americans on the mountain. a doctor says he has seen 14 bodies so far.
hospitals are updating hospital gowns to improve patient reviews and their bottom lines. it's part of a trend among hospitals to improve the quality of care and the patient experience. the cleveland clinic and henry ford are among the health systems updating their gowns. new gowns need to be comfortable and can cost more to buy and maintain.
ben and shelby offrink have been battling brain cancer for eight years. shelby was paralyzed from the belly button down after being diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer. ben has battled hodgkins lymphoma for 15 years. ben's cancer reappeared in august 2014 and he is now on chemotherapy.
swiss physicist uses focused laser beams to affect the weather. a cleaner version of cloud seeding. can create new clouds and can also trigger lightning. could be used to "repair" the weather and reduce the impact of climate change. could also be used in biomedical field to kill cancer cells.
former new england patriots tight end aaron hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder in the murder of odin lloyd. he was a standout athlete in bristol, connecticut, who came from a family of athletes. he also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide.
randy zelin says dr. anthony moschetto is presumed to be innocent. he faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson and weapons charges in connection to a failed plot to kill a rival cardiologist.   two other men have pleaded not guilty to the charges.
most of those released are women and children, a peshmerga commander says. it's not clear what led to the release. isis previously released scores of other yazidis since attacking iraq's towns last summer. the minority group is of kurdish descent and lives in northern iraq.
u.s. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded. isis has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda. officials say isis recruiters have an easier path to drawing supporters than al qaeda has. the group is luring westerners through propaganda and peer-to-peer recruitment.
12 people are arrested in baltimore, police commissioner says. at least five police cars are damaged. vandals break and damage storefront windows and trash one 7-eleven, police say. some protesters get into shoving matches with police officers. the mayor says a "small group of agitators" are responsible for the violence.
jackson gordon is a 21-year-old industrial design student at philadelphia university. he has designed a batman-style cowl and armor suit. gordon's creation is tough enough to withstand the stab and slash of a knife. he raised $1,000 on kickstarter to fund the project.
mary jane veloso's mother is "so happy" with the reprieve.    her alleged recruiter and her partner surrendered to authorities in the philippines. veloso was arrested in 2010 after $500,000 worth of heroin was found in her luggage.
new: denver police report nine arrests in wednesday's demonstrations. more than 60 people are arrested in denver, police say. new york police put people in zip ties in union square for a baltimore rally. a protest is planned for thursday in philly, cnn affiliate reports.
zuriel oduwole is the world's youngest filmmaker. aged 12, she already has four documentaries under her belt. she interviews 14 heads of state for her films. she is self-taught and uses online editing and voice-over software. she was named one of world's 100 most powerful individuals.
assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling christian population of iraq. many see the fight with isis as a final battle for survival against the islamists. a small group of assyrians formed their own militia when isis overran their villages. so far, the militia has only assembled and trained 40 fighters.
maysak's eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the philippine island of luzon on sunday. the storm has weakened and is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the country. maysak is no longer a super typhoon but still a category 4 hurricane.
l'hermione is a replica of an 18th century french frigate that fought with the founding fathers in the war of independence. it set sail from france on saturday for virginia to retrace lafayette's journey. president obama calls france "our nation's oldest ally"   the replica will ply across the atlantic for 27 days.
new: questions have arisen about the identity of the girl who dr. sanjay gupta helped operate on. more than 4,300 people were killed and thousands injured in the devastating earthquake in nepal. many of the patients have flooded kathmandu's overstretched hospitals. many patients are being treated in makeshift operating rooms.
the red cross opens a blood bank in kathmandu. india sends 10 more aid flights and 10 helicopters to assist in search-and-rescue efforts. google india launches a person finder website to help locate missing people. more than 1,800 people have been killed in the earthquake.
fbi says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated in the beating of a suspect in san bernardino, california. ten deputies have been put on paid administrative leave, sheriff's office says. aclu says it is "deeply troubled" by the images. the suspect was allegedly kicked 17 times, punched 37 times and hit with a baton.
over 4,400 dead, 8,000 injured and 8 million people affected in nepal earthquake. nepal still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster. government and army trying to coordinate and organize aid distribution. airport management is still chaotic. access to remote areas is still difficult.
new: a 4-month-old baby is rescued at least 22 hours after the quake. a man was trapped for 82 hours under the rubble of a building in nepal. experts say it's rare for people to hold out for longer than 72 hours after a disaster. rishi khanal was rescued after a french search and rescue team pulled him from the rubble.
pope francis uses the word "genocide" to refer to mass killings of armenians a century ago. turkey recalls its ambassador to the vatican for "consultations" turkey's foreign minister says turkey is "out of touch" with historical facts and legal basis. turkey denies that a genocide took place.
47 bodies have been exhumed from two of 11 mass graves in newly liberated tikrit. up to 1,700 bodies may be recovered, an iraqi government official says. isis claimed to have executed soldiers captured in june 2014. iraq's prime minister says revenge is not the way to deal with the discovery.
more than 100 people are arrested in new york and 11 in denver, police say. baltimore's mayor says she's not considering lifting the curfew early. more than 100 are released without charges, public defender's office says. president barack obama denounces the "violence, looting, destruction" in baltimore.
katie donovan and dalton prager have cystic fibrosis. they met online and fell in love. they decided to meet in person. katie's pulmonologist had warned against face-to-face meetings with other cf patients. they had to wait for new lungs.
noelle velentzas and asia siddiqui, a u.s. citizen, are accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states. a federal criminal complaint says they expressed support for violent jihad. the women did not enter pleas in federal court. they are held without bond.
north charleston police officer michael slager is "terminated" from the force, mayor says. slager was charged with first-degree murder in the shooting death of walter scott. the video shows scott running away with his back to the officer. scott's brother says his brother was "running for his life" as he ran away.
two african-american candidates win seats on ferguson's city council. ella jones and wesley bell will make the council 50% black. a higher-than-normal 30% turnout is expected. it was the first city election since white police officer michael brown was killed.
the unrwa estimates 18,000 civilians remain trapped in the camp. up to 2,000 people have fled in the past two days, state-run news agency reports. isis and the al-nusra front have taken control of 90% of the camp, activists say.
sabra dipping co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus. no illnesses have been reported. the recall is voluntary. a random sample from a michigan store tested positive for listeria monocytogenes. the potential for contamination was discovered.
walter scott, 50, was the father of four children and served in the coast guard. he was killed by police officer michael slager after being pulled over for a faulty brake light. "he was outgoing," his brother anthony scott says. a lawyer for scott's family says scott owed over $18,000 in back payments for two children.
lane bryant has launched an ad campaign for its cacique line titled #imnoangel. the campaign is a dig at victoria's secret and its popular angels line. the plus-size clothing retailer wants to "redefine sexy"   the company was criticized last year for a campaign featuring images of supermodels.
25-1 outsider many clouds wins the grand national. jockey leighton aspell wins his third win in the jump race. ap mccoy finished fifth in the race. mccoy had announced he would retire if he won the race for the second time in his career.
the sewol ferry sank on april 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students. nine of the missing have yet to be found. the south korean president park geun-hye calls for the salvage of the sewol's wreck "as soon as possible" families have criticized the government's response to the disaster.
terror groups across the sahel region are waging war on schools, teachers and students. al-shabaab militants have carried out a series of deadly attacks on schools in northern kenya. the head of a school in garissa says al- shabaab is trying to prevent children from getting a "western" education.
unidentified male carried a sign with a message about "social justice," police say. capitol police chief says the shooting was a suicide and does not have an apparent connection to terrorism. the lockdown was lifted about 3:50 p.m. at the capitol.
at least three people were shot in separate incidents in ferguson, missouri, police say. two people are shot in the neck and another in the leg, a city spokesman says. rocks were thrown at police vehicles and police vehicles were damaged by rocks. the protests are in support of protests in baltimore.
lockheed c-130 hercules are the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history. "furious 7" producers hired a lockheed plane to fly five cars 12,000 feet high in a car chase stunt. lockheed celebrates 60 years of making the hercules on tuesday.
presidential candidate hillary clinton is being referred to as the mononymous "hillary" by news outlets. julian zelizer says we should call her by her first name. he says it's important for the american public to trust and respect her. zelizer: calling first name serves to reinforce gender and workplace stereotypes.
paul paramount television is developing a tv series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "galaxy quest" robert gordon is expected to write and executive produce the tv version. the dreamworks film is the latest film to be adapted for the small screen. the series is in the works at paramount television.
nicholas slatten is sentenced to life in prison. blackwater sniper paul slough, evan liberty and dustin heard are sentenced to 30 years each. a federal jury convicted the four in october. 17 people were killed in the mass shooting in baghdad in 2007.
dallas county grand jury decides not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of jason harrison. officers john rogers and andrew hutchins are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from harrison's family. harrison, 39, was a schizophrenic man whose mother called police for help getting him to the hospital.
the red cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn yemen. russia submits a draft resolution to the u.n. security council calling for a halt to airstrikes. residents of sanaa report fiercest saudi strikes on military facilities in the city limits.
air india has evacuated some 2,500 people from yemen in the last few days. the passengers are mostly indian nationals and people from other countries. many are exhausted and exhausted by the stress of living in a war zone. air india is helping to get people out of sanaa.
investigators and red cross crews are finishing up the task of removing bodies of dead students from garissa university college dormitory. at least 147 people were killed in the attack. one student says she hid inside a wardrobe for nearly an hour before the gunmen came for her. the bodies of the dead are marked with numbered tags.
"strong indications of life beyond earth" could be found within a decade or 30 years, a nasa scientist says. nasa chief scientist ellen stofan says scientists have found evidence of water on a number of celestial bodies. former astronaut john grunsfeld says it's just a matter of time before we find life outside our solar system.
new south china mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world. opened to the public in 2005 in dongguan, china. it was classified by industry analysts as a "dead mall"   much of the mall is still vacant but many of the unoccupied units are under renovation. economist says the shift towards the middle class is a smart move on developers' behalf.
at least 10 iraqi security forces are killed in the attack, a provincial official says. isis fighters seize several districts in ramadi. the attack included suicide and car bombs. iraqis and allied forces have made inroads against isis in recent weeks. but isis remains a formidable force.
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are on death row in indonesia for their part in a heroin smuggling plot. president joko widodo has taken a tough stance on drug smugglers. seven other members of the bali nine are serving lengthy prison sentences for trafficking the drugs.
brynn duncan, 21, was diagnosed with mast cell disease after having her first serious allergic reaction. she has mast cell syndrome, which is a rare form of immune system disease. mast cells are the cells that regulate the immune system and are known as mast cells. scientists don't know what causes the disease, but scientists are starting to recognize it.
more than 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes in nigeria, unicef says. more than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence. kids are being used by boko haram as combatants, cooks and lookouts.
nypd bomb squad finds empty locker thought to contain suspicious package, official says. about 2,700 people were evacuated from liberty island, ferry operator says. a bomb threat was made to the national park service. the statue of liberty and liberty island will reopen to the public saturday.
colorado was the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana. brian rogers and caitlin mcguire own a recreational marijuana dispensary in colorado. they are pioneers in a newly legalized business. they face the same risks as any other small business owners.
u.s. military trainers are at a regional logistics hub for the afghan police force in afghanistan. the hub was originally intended to be a resupply facility for the entire east of the country. but it is far away from the front line of the war. the u.s.'s troops are leaving the country by the end of next year. nick paton walsh's series is about the last weeks of the longest war.
brazil's president dilma rousseff is facing protests and an economic downturn. protesters say she should be impeached for failing to stop corruption at state-run oil company petrobras. the president's approval rating fell to 13% after the protests last month. the country's economy is expected to contract this year.
cnn hears at least 16 explosions in tikrit as iraqi forces take control of the city. iraq's prime minister haider al-abadi claims victory over isis. officials are concerned about the behavior of the conquerors and shiite militiamen. police say they dismantled hundreds of booby-trapped vehicles and buildings.
new york police detective patrick cherry says he was "angry" at the time of the incident. cherry is on modified assignment and faces suspension, reassignment or loss of security clearance. the officer is a detective assigned to the fbi's joint terrorism task force. police commissioner william bratton says no good cop can watch the video.
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of japan's prime minister's residence. police say the drone was equipped with a camera, smoke flares and a bottle with traces of cesium. the discovery is raising concerns about the potential for terrorism involving drones.
ultrahaptics creates tactile three-dimensional shapes out of thin air using ultrasound. technology could change the way we interact with electronic devices. company uses sound waves to create the sensation of a force field. could be used to create buttons and shapes for cars, phones and other devices.
laura bernardini is a director of coverage at cnn and a lifelong catholic. she has never read the bible from genesis to revelation cover to cover. cnn's religion editor suggested she read the bible each day for a year and chronicle it weekly for belief.
google maps combines google maps and pac-man. the company is known for its impish april fools' day pranks. the game is easy to play and available on desktop browsers. it's available in manhattan, london, san francisco and the university of illinois.
rick santorum says he'd hoped mike pence would veto the "fix" to indiana's religious freedom law. pence's decision to sign a follow-up bill led to a "limited view" of religious freedom, the former senator says. gay rights groups have used the controversy to renew calls for similar laws in other states.
china launches smartphone app starring current leader, president xi jinping. app aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies. app features the latest news about xi and his speeches, statements and publications. some analysts believe xi is using state propaganda apparatus to build a cult of personality.
new england patriots owner aaron hernandez is known for his swagger in court. when he's on trial for murder, he appears to have an air of confidence. he scans the courtroom and looks at his family, friends and victim odin lloyd's family.
joni mitchell was found unconscious in her home. she is in intensive care undergoing tests. mitchell's best-known songs are "big yellow taxi" and "help me"   mitchell, 71, was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997.
just-in-time scheduling creates stressful work environments for low-wage workers, authors say. authors: congress should help low- wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules. they say more than 60% of america's workforce are paid hourly and work part-time. authors say congressional republicans have shown little interest in the plight of workers.
mourners gather in nairobi's uhuru park to remember the victims of the garissa attack. kenyans take to social media to humanize the victims and share their stories. a military source says kenya launched airstrikes on al-shabaab's training camps in somalia.
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says the framework nuclear deal with iran would threaten the survival of israel. netanyahu has been a vocal critic of the deal. he says the deal increases the risk of a "horrific war"    netanyahu wants iran to recognize israel's right to exist.
holland america line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam. cleaning staff discovered the bodies after knocking on the cabin's door. the fbi is investigating. the cruise line says the passengers appear to have died in a murder-suicide.
many kenyans say security in kenya is still not tight enough after the garissa college massacre. the death toll from al-shabaab's attack is the highest since the nairobi mall attack in 1998. many of kenyya's security efforts have failed to stem the tide of attacks.
climbers from the indian army plans to trek up mount everest to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms of waste. the trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first indian team to scale the world's tallest peak. more than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the mountain.
tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and plains. the national weather service says storms will hit parts of indiana and kentucky on thursday and friday. scattered storms are also predicted for illinois and missouri.
tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and plains. the national weather service says storms will hit parts of indiana and kentucky on thursday and friday. scattered storms are also predicted for illinois and missouri.
iran's president hassan rouhani says his government kept its word to iranians. rouhani: iran is pursuing peaceful objectives, not nuclear weapons. he says iran will stick to its promises, "provided the other parties will implement their own promises"    israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu blasted the proposed international deal on iran's nuclear program.
tech entrepreneur regina agyare is teaching local girls how to code in a slum in accra, accra. her mentorship initiative "tech needs girls" aims to help girls in nima, a predominantly muslim area. the group aims to provide a generation of female role models for local girls.
nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-saharan country. 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor in nigeria. concerns are growing that orphaned children could end up in the hands of boko haram.   the nigerian government's anti-trafficking agency is overwhelmed by the realities of working in the region.
president uhuru kenyatta says al-shabaab is an "existential threat to our republic"   governor of garissa county says militants are "bent on nothing but destruction" and sow division between muslims and non-muslims. police in garissa paraded the bodies of the men they say carried out the attack.
a florida judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against prince andrew and u.s. lawyer alan dershowitz. buckingham palace denies the allegations. prince and drew was informed of the latest developments, the palace says.    "nobody should believe" the allegations against him, he says.
no deal on iran's nuclear program reached a self-imposed deadline on tuesday. but the sides are still talking. iranian foreign minister javad zarif says there has been "significant progress" in recent days. u.s. officials say talks continued into the early hours of thursday morning in lausanne.
new calls for enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot. the technology is similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles. airbus was working to develop the software after 9/11 but the project was scrapped. former transportation inspector general says it would have saved germanwings flight.
more than 60 people are rescued from the waters off the kamchatka peninsula. more than 20 fishing vessels are searching for the 15 people still missing. of the 132 people on board, 78 are russians and 54 are foreign nationals. the freezer trawler was carrying 132 people.
stan freberg died of natural causes, his son and daughter say. freberg lampooned cultural institutions and was known for his musical parodies. he was known as the "che guevara of advertising" freberg won a grammy award in 1959 for "time for beany"
gov. mike pence says indiana will "fix" religious freedom restoration act to not discriminate against gays and lesbians. authors: the easy way to fix the law is to add a line saying discrimination against the lgbt community is harmful. they say the law was passed 22 years ago to protect freedom of religion, but society has changed.
universal's "furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more at the box office this weekend. the movie is getting the widest release in universal's history. it is opening in 4,003 theaters domestically. the film is poised to score the top opening for an april title.
sierra sharry and lane smith were about to become parents. lane died in july after he fell and hit his head. sharry asked a photographer to take a picture of the family for their first family photo. the photo has become a social media sensation and has 193,000 likes.
the controversy over indiana's religious freedom law drives a wedge. supporters say it is basically a copy of the federal law. critics say it expands the reach of the law to include private companies and cases where the government is not involved. some legal scholars say the new law expands the scope of the religious freedom defense.
some fans of lucille ball want her statue removed from a park in her hometown. a facebook group wants to get rid of the "ugly" statue. the statue has been likened to conway twitty and steve buscemi. the mayor of celoron, new york, has said he does not care for the statue.
muhammadu buhari, 72, won nigeria's presidential election, defeating incumbent goodluck jonathan by about two million votes. for the first time, the opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections. buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy in nigeria.
iranians celebrate nuclear deal with u.s. and other world powers. iran's foreign minister javad zarif receives hero's welcome as he arrives in iran. many iranians celebrated the historic agreement on the final day of persian new year.
dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment. three other men were previously charged with providing support to a foreign terrorist organization. a fourth man has been indicted in connection with a plot to join isis. three men have pleaded not guilty to the charges.
nasa says it was the shortest total lunar eclipse of the century. the moon slipped fully into earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. pacific time. people from the u.s. west coast to australia were able to catch the eclipse. it's the third in a four-part series of lunar eclipses.
turk's government's heavy-handed repression of public dissent and censorship of the media has contributed to a hyper-polarized and deeply mistrustful political atmosphere. turks are confused and confused after the power outage and court house siege. the country is tense after years of back-to-back political crises.
mcdonald's announced it will raise wages for 90,000 of its employees, but only for 10% of the company's restaurants. isaiah is a fast-food worker and a member of a union. she says the raise is a small step forward, but not enough for all mcdonald's workers. she and other workers are fighting for a living wage of $15 per hour.
gov. jerry brown imposes mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents, businesses and farms in california. cities and towns are ordered to reduce water usage by 25%. the reduction does not apply to agriculture. agriculture uses about 80% of the state's water supply. the entire state faces at least a moderate drought.
uk voters go to the polls to elect a new prime minister. queen elizabeth ii is officially britain's head of state, but she's only nominally in charge. british elections are run on a "first-past-the-post" basis. the election could result in the handing of power to the labour party. uk elections are similar to a two-horse race, but with fewer horses.
christians reflect on the crucifixion and resurrection of our lord this holy week. they say christians should also reflect on persecution of christians in the middle east and other nations. frida ghitis: christianity is experiencing more martyrdom today than in the first century. ghitis says christian communities need our love and support like never before.
the emails were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice in ferguson's police and judicial system. the city's top court clerk and two police officers resigned or were fired in connection with the emails. the emails are offensive to president barack obama, michelle obama and others.
two people have been arrested after at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in queensland bush. one of them is a licensed greyhound trainer, police minister says. two people charged with unlawful possession of a firearm and obstructing police. the greyhound racing industry has been under scrutiny since a television investigation.
memories gourmet pizza co. is a small business in nichols, wisconsin. people mistook it for memories pizza of walkerton, indiana, which refused to cater a same-sex wedding. mike premeau and kathy danke were thrust into a national debate over religious freedom. they think people confused the two businesses.
complete skeleton of a camel found beneath a cellar in tulln, austria. it is the first complete camel skeleton found in central europe. ottoman troops had besieged the city in 1683. the camel was believed to have been used by the ottomans. the skeleton was found by archaeologists exploring a construction site for a shopping center.
andrew getty's death "appears to be natural or an accident," a coroner's official says. getty was found on his side in his home in los angeles. he is the grandson of j. paul getty. a female friend was at the home and is cooperating with investigators, police say.
co-pilot andreas lubitz crashed germanwings flight 9525 because of mental illness. people with mental illness are no more violent than the rest of the population, authors say. we need to understand mental illness as an illness and not a personal failing, they say. authors: we need policies to encourage more openness and support for those with mental illnesses.
this page includes the show transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news.   you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the student news roll call.
kamron taylor, 23, was a convicted murderer and escaped jail escapee in kankakee county, illinois. he was arrested in chicago, chicago. the sheriff says the gertrude tattoo on taylor's neck gave authorities away. he will likely face an attempted murder charge for the attack on a correctional officer.
prince harry is due to arrive monday in australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces. he has already spent time with australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career. harry announced last month he will be leaving the britain's armed forces in june.
two florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate. an fbi informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the kkk. the men are facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted of conspiracy to commit murder.
the p5+1 reached a framework agreement with iran over iran's nuclear program. the talks were held at the five-star beau-rivage palace hotel in lausanne, switzerland. more than 600 reporters were covering the talks for the u.s. and iran.
four of the dead are aid workers for the international children's agency unicef. al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. three african union troops were ambushed in a separate incident sunday in somalia. somalia's president condemns the attack as "an attack against the future of our country"
prince harry will spend four weeks with the australian military. he has already spent time with troops during his 10-year military career. harry is the younger son of prince charles and princess diana. he visited the war memorial in canberra, the capital.
australia's foreign minister says the deal is "an informal arrangement" with an emphasis on tracking australians who go to iraq to fight for isis. one australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "dancing with the devil"    australia is part of the u.s.-led coalition that's carrying out airstrikes against isis in iraq.
new: the flight data recorder is found, a french official says. andreas lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane's descent, the bea says. a germany prosecutor says the co-pilot researched suicide methods on the internet. the search history of a tablet found at his apartment shows he researched medical treatment. the black box was found thursday.
environmentalist group sea shepherd rescues crew of alleged poaching vessel after 110-day chase. crew of the thunder were rescued by bob barker off the coast of west africa. crew had been subject of an interpol "purple notice" for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes. crew was rescued after abandoning the vessel when it was sunk off the gulf of guinea. boat barker captain says he believes the captain of the vessel deliberately sunk his own ship.
blended learning merges internet-based instruction with a traditional classroom setting. huntley high school in chicago's blended learning program spends less than the average school district on technology. 92% of students say they are satisfied with the blended learning experience. the program has led to higher standardized testing scores at the school.
kenya's rapid response team was stuck in nairobi for hours after the garissa attack, a police source says. a military source says the airstrikes are not a retaliation for the attack. two of the airstrikes hit al-shabaab training camps, a somali resident says. kenya's foreign minister says the response to the attack was sufficient.
pope francis spoke at the end of easter mass. he asked for peace in iraq and syria and humanitarian aid to get to those in need. the pontiff also called for the peace process to resume in the holy land. he ended the address consoling the marginalized, the poor and the suffering.
duke students and faculty march after a noose was found hanging from a tree on campus. duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose to call campus police. the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students. the rope was found near a student center at duke.
muhanad mahmoud al farekh, 29, was deported from pakistan to the u.s. he's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad. farekh did not enter a plea during his initial court appearance. two new york women are arrested in a plot to build a weapon of mass destruction.
a border guard is killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in yemen, saudi arabia says. houthi rebels seize the presidential palace in the southern yemeni port city of aden. u.s. navy warships are patrolling off yemen in search of suspicious shipping, a defense official says.
cnn team travels to dubai to watch camel racing at the al marmoum camel race track. camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region. camels race for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy cars for their owners. remote controlled robots have replaced children as camel jockeys in the sport.
charlie hill has lived in cuba for 43 years. he is a black power militant who killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana. hill says he is considering returning to the u.s.    he may extradite himself first, saying the warming of relations between u.s. and cuba could end his "exile"
this page includes the show transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news.   you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnnstudent news roll call.
this page includes the show transcript. use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news.   you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnnstudent news roll call. the weekly newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
misao okawa was born on march 5, 1898. according to guiness world records, she was the world's oldest person. okawa passed away wednesday morning in osaka, japan. she left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren. the oldest person ever was jeanne louise calment.
the missouri national guard used highly militarized words to refer to protesters, documents show. the guard was concerned about perceptions of its deployment to help quell riots in ferguson, missouri. a national guard spokesman defended the language as standard for the planning process ahead of deployment. the national guard's language is intensifying concerns of some.
four somali soldiers and eight civilians are killed in the attack, officials say. a suicide car bombing and five gunmen attack the education ministry headquarters in mogadishu. the islamist militant group al-shabaab says it is responsible for the attack. soldiers from the african union teamed up with somali security forces to shoot and kill the five attackers.
gregory margolin fought in the soviet red army during world war ii. his family fled to israel after the war. margolin was one of 600 jews who have moved to isisrael since december. many jews in eastern ukraine are holocaust survivors or children of holocaust victims.
more than 200 nigerian schoolgirls are still missing a year after they were abducted. malala malala says we should all feel shame that the world has allowed this to happen.    the world is rallying around the hashtag #bringbackourgirls to help find the missing girls. but the world's silence on the issue is shameful.
fm radio in norway will be phased out region by region starting in 2017. half the country already listens digitally. officials say the move will save $25 million. the country's radio waves won't be cut off entirely, but will be replaced by digital. the nation's culture minister says half the nation already listens to digital radio.
a new study suggests the brontosaurus belongs to its own genera. o.c. marsh first named the dinosaur in 1879. a paleontologist at the nova university of lisbon, portugal, led the study. it took five years to collect the data.
al qaeda offers a reward for the death or capture of houthi leader abdelmalik bedrudin al-houthi and former yemeni president. aqap is one of several factions fighting to control yemen. at least 540 people have died as a result of the conflict.
"my flight is not a secret," doug hughes wrote on a website. hughes' friend michael shanahan says hughes told him to check out the website. "the point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in dc," he wrote. one of hughes's sons committed suicide 2 ½ years ago, a newspaper reports.
rio de janeiro officials launch an investigation into the causes of dead fish in the lagoon. the city hosts the 2016 olympics and has pledged to reduce pollution in the fetid bay. officials believe recent rains caused a temperature change of the water and the excess of decaying organic matter.
anthony ray hinton spent nearly 30 years on alabama's death row. he was convicted of killing two men in 1985. the charges against him were dismissed after a new trial. hinton was freed one week after his murder convictions were wiped clean. he says he has to pinch himself to tell himself he's free.
david cameron says there was no clear winner in the uk election debate between seven party leaders. ed miliband is a capable debater and ed cameron is short on passion, says author.    but nicola sturgeon's high score in post-debate polls shows she was sharp and sassy.  miliband's ratings as a leader have already improved.
a brooklyn woman has been trying to divorce her husband for several years. justice matthew cooper said social media sites like facebook are the "next frontier" for serving divorce papers. ellanora arthur baidoo's husband has refused to be served with the papers.
italian physician dr. sergio canavero says the first human whole head transplant could take place in 2017. he says he has research that supports the idea. he needs a major academic medical center to host the procedure. he has identified the first patient and is working to secure funding for the project.
anthony stokes carjacked someone, burglarized a home and shot at an elderly woman, police say. police say he died after his car hit a pole after a high speed chase. in 2013, stokes' family said a atlanta hospital rejected him for a heart transplant.
many students at garissa university college managed to escape the attack. al-shabaab has claimed responsibility for the attack and is believed to be behind it. the terror group has made incursions into neighboring kenya in the past. many of the 147 people killed are believed to have been students.
freddie gray died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge. a baltimore journalist was beaten by police while covering the protests. gray's funeral draws civil rights leaders, politicians, and relatives of others who died in custody. gray was in youth choir and was a junior usher.
a decade ago, "sustainable farming" was considered fringe; now it's a movement, says chef and food policy action founder. he says factory farms reap huge profits but produce subpar meat and harm the environment and public health. he wants congress to promote sustainable farming, not factory farms.
dan swangard joined a california lawsuit seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to certain patients. three states already have laws allowing physician-assisted deaths. historically, doctors have been some of the most vocal critics of assisted suicide. a recent survey shows 54 percent of american doctors support assisted suicide, up from 46 percent.
saudi special forces are on the ground in noncombat roles, a source tells cnn. houthi rebels withdraw from the presidential palace and other parts of aden. two border guards are killed in an exchange of fire. u.s. navy warships are patrolling off yemen in search of suspicious shipping.
mitchelle angela blair, 35, is charged with murder and torture in the deaths of her two children. police found the bodies of her 13-year-old daughter and 9-year old son inside a freezer. blair was arrested last month after police discovered the bodies. she faces two counts of premeditated murder.
wladimir klitschko says he is shocked and upset by the ongoing conflict in ukraine. world heavyweight boxing champion says his country is suffering in the war with russia. he is the reigning ibf, wba, wbo and ibo champion. he faces american challenger bryant jennings in his next title defense on april 25.
michael keaton paid homage to his roles in "beetlejuice" and "batman" on "saturday night live" this weekend. keaton hosted his third turn hosting the sketch show. fans delighted in a cameo from norman reedus. the performance drew high marks from viewers and critics.
kamron taylor, 23, was convicted of murder in february. he was in an illinois jail when he attacked a correctional officer and stole his keys. he drove away in the officer's car. authorities don't know how taylor got out of his cell.
det. ian cyrus is accused of stealing $3,000 from a yemen deli and grocery store in brooklyn. the detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes. surveillance video appears to show him stashing the cash in a bag. his supervisor has been placed on modified duty.
hatton garden safe deposit company in heart of london's diamond trade burgled over easter weekend. police say it is believed 60-70 safe deposit boxes were opened during the robbery. former police official estimates as much as 200 million pounds, or $300 million, worth of gems and cash stolen.
south africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections on april 27. attacks against african migrants are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment towards other black africans, say authors. they say the label "xenophobia" fails to convey the reality of violence against migrants in south africa.
like the war, iran's defiance to halt its nuclear program has defined ayatollah ali khamenei's era. he has defied the west in the face of increasing economic pressure. the deal with the west marks a new chapter in the history of iran.
the idea of sustainable development is that raw capitalism is the economics of greed.    it's a doctrine that says economic growth must be combined with social fairness and environmental sustainability. sustainable development calls for a holistic approach that combines economic, social, and environmental objectives.  it is a way out of the crisis of growing inequality and environmental destruction.
the u.s. is too reliant on russian technology to meet national security obligations, authors say. it is time to end america's reliance on russia's rocket engine, they say. authors: we rely on the russian-made rd-180 rocket engine to launch national security satellites.
malala yousafzai calls on the nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls. "like you, i was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school"   the nobel peace prize winner survived an attack by the taliban.   she is admired globally as a figure standing for peace.
south african defense minister says police are spread too thin. seven people have been killed in recent anti-immigrant violence. troops are deployed to the johannesburg suburb of jeppestown. at least two foreigners and three south africans have died in recent attacks against immigrants.
eight iranian border guards are killed in clashes with militants near the border with pakistan. three of the militants were killed by iranian forces, iranian state media reports. a militant group called jaish al adal claimed responsibility for the attack. iranian officials have asked pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants.
providenciales is tripadvisor's top island. ambergris caye dropped out of the top 10 global islands list for the second year in a row. only two of last year's top 10 islands appear on this year's global list. maui, hawaii and ko tao are the top two u.s. islands.
director gareth edwards showed an early teaser for 2016's "star wars: rogue one" at a fan festival. felicity jones will play a rebel soldier in the anthology film. "rogue one" is scheduled to hit theaters december 16, 2016. it was one of the final events at the star wars celebration fan festival in california.
iran's president hassan rouhani and his "moderate" administration are over the moon with the nuclear deal. for many iranians, the preliminary agreement shows excellent progress and that's what they want. people are more than happy to welcome the preliminary deal, author says. a full deal represents a referendum on the rouhani administration's foreign policy. many believe the lifting of international sanctions would resuscitate the country's economy.
new: two african-americans are elected to the ferguson city council. new: three of the six council members are black. this is the first city election since michael brown's death. five of the current city council members and the mayor are white. elections officials say they expect low turnout.
israel police say a 37-year-old arab motorist struck two people at a bus stop in jerusalem. one israeli citizen was killed and another is in serious condition. the driver has been arrested and is under investigation. police say there is a "strong suspicion" of a terror attack.
lauren bacall's 750-piece art collection sells for $3.64 million at bonhams auction house in new york. the collection includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century. the late actress died in august 2014 at the age of 89.
former member of parliament and a ukrainian journalist were killed in separate shootings in kiev this week. there is speculation about a conspiracy to kill allies of ousted president viktor yanukovych. at least three former members of parliament have reportedly committed suicide in the last seven weeks. ukraine is deeply divided, and it has been for years.
chile's president michelle bachelet enacted a new law on monday. the law will allow civil unions between people of the same sex. chile joins several of its south american neighbors in allowing the unions. the new law is intended to end discrimination faced by common-law couples.
florida's everglades represent the folly of man and the cost of redemption. half of florida is dead and the other half is on life support after a century of development. american dreamers decided to drain the swamp a century ago. the army corps of engineers are now working to restore the wetlands.
yarmouk is the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria. an estimated 18,000 refugees are trapped inside the camp. the camp has been besieged and bombed by syrian regime forces for more than two years. isis militants seized yarmouk in april. as many as 5,000 people have tried to flee the camp since.
china's cybercensors have developed a new cyberweapon. the "great cannon" blasts targeted web servers with distributed denial of service attacks. it uses the web browsers of unsuspecting web surfers to do it. the cannon has attacked servers outside china, including in the u.s.
prosecutor's spokesman says investigators have not found evidence of co-pilot andreas lubitz's motive. medical records show he was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy, the spokesman says. a german aviation source says doctors deemed him unfit to fly, but no physical illnesses found.
"our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or government institutions," rebel leader abdul-malik al-houthi says. a top saudi military official says airstrikes have decimated the houthis' central command. since mid-march, more than 700 people have been killed.
twenty years ago, the oklahoma city bombing was the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in u.s. history. john avlon: after the bombing, the public became aware of the danger of the extreme right. he says the september 11 attacks shifted attention away from right-wing extremism. avlon says right- wing extremism is still a serious threat.
more than 200 nigerian girls were kidnapped from their school a year ago by boko haram militants. charles alasholuyi posts a daily photo of himself holding a sign with the #bringbackourgirls hashtag. he says he does this to help give the families of the girls a voice.
barney frank: "we're winning" on same-sex marriage. john avlon: a proposal to legalize killing gay people is on the ballot in california. he says the general election is going to be a replay of pat buchanan's "cultural war" speech. avlon says the gop's anti-lgbt rhetoric is being used to justify anti-gay laws.
al-shabaab militants have claimed responsibility for the attack. the terror group wants to turn somalia into a fundamentalist islamic state. it has been behind numerous attacks in the region. the group was designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the u.s. in 2008.
university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes' statue come down. "this isn't confronting history, this is erasing it," a protester says. the university says heritage authority granted permission to remove the statue from the campus.
the death toll in syria has doubled in a year. since civil war broke out, 310,000 people have been killed. half of all syrians are in need of immediate life-saving aid, the u.n. says. more than half of the syrian population is driven from their homes.
a. ailina tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev. she is charged with aggravated harassment for making bomb threats to a woman. she denies the charges.    she has a past record that includes misleading police in a counterfeiting case.
a door bearing a graffiti drawing by british artist banksy was seized by police in gaza. the owner says he sold the door for $175 u.s. without realizing its value. banksy is one of the world's most famous graffiti artists. the door will remain in the possession of gaza police.
new: a u.n. official says at least 182 people have been killed in five days of fighting in yemen. new: a coalition source says saudi-led coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the houthis and supporters of yemen's president. aid groups report dozens of civilian casualties, including women and children.
holland beat spain 2-0 in a friendly at the amsterdam arena on tuesday night. andres iniesta was booed by the home fans after his arrival in the 76th minute. spain coach vicente del bosque fielded an experimental side. holland boss guus hiddink labelled the home supporters a 'disgrace' for booing iniesta.
georgia fans twice invaded the field of play during georgia's 2-0 defeat by germany on sunday. uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the georgian football federation. play was halted twice at the boris paichadze stadium in tbilisi. scotland will discover on may 21 if september's euro 2016 qualifier with georgeia will be played behind closed doors.
the new regulations on becoming a football agent will come into force on april 1. anyone can become a licensed agent if they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period. mel stein thinks the new regulations will 'create anarchy'   the association of football agents chairman thinks the three per cent cap on agents' fees will 'destroy' 50% of their business.
maksims uvarenko has not been paid by cska sofia since joining the club in january. the latvian goalkeeper has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent. cska have issued a desperate plea to fans to donate money to the club.   cska are currently second in the bulgarian top division.
david moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home with rafal cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child . moore punched him through his car window and chased his vehicle with a fencing panel. he shouted 'i'll f***ing kill him' in the street before smashing up his car with a hockey stick. he was given 16 weeks in prison, suspended for two years, at burnley magistrates' court.
spain lost 2-0 to holland in a friendly at the amsterdam arena on tuesday. vicente del bosque's side are second in euro 2016 qualifying group c. gerard pique insists spain are not worried about a third straight friendly defeat. the dutch beat spain 5-1 in the group stage of the 2014 world cup.
ulrike berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old daughter kaia. it is believed the pair boarded a plane from new york to germany on march 22. they were last seen at berger's home in brooklyn.
more than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the st catherine's hill nature reserve in dorset. the fire was sparked by suspected arsonists in three locations. two schoolboys, aged 14 and 15, have been arrested on suspicion of deliberately starting the fire. billowing black smoke could be seen from 10 miles away in wimborne and swanage. police are treating the fire as suspicious.
ambulance service call outs in london peaked at more than 600 per hour - over three times as many as in an ordinary night. london ambulance service answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning. metropolitan police made 77 arrests and 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital. in cambridge a territorial army field hospital was set-up to deal with drunk partygoers.
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager brendan rodgers in december after a poor run of form. the 27-year-old belgian keeper was dropped after being dropped by the club. mignalet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after the decision. the keeper has kept six consecutive premier league clean sheets away from home.
twitter user arke usa from bryant, arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. national weather service received 170 reports of hail, twenty of which detailed stones at least two inches in diameter. storms will move across the midwest on thursday, hitting cities including jackson and birmingham.
the crew of the liana's ransom were forced to abandon the replica pirate schooner after it lost power in rough seas off the coast of maine. the vessel was on its way to st maarten with nine crew members when it lost engine power early monday morning. coast guard life boats were dispatched to tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused the tow line to break. crew members had to leap from the ship and be rescued by the coast guard. one crew member was airlifted to the hospital after hitting his head on the side of the boat.
the images were taken in jervis bay, the south coast of new south wales. the neon glow illuminated one of australia's popular beaches. photographer andy hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton. a similar display was shown in sydney's manly beach back in august 2014.
rahul kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in ahmedabad, western india. he ran towards the animals shouting 'today i kill a lion or a lion kills me'   he was drunk and 'thought i'd stand a good chance' against the predators. fortunately, he fell into a moat as he ran and was rescued by zoo security staff.
the boy fell from the fourth floor of a building in nanchang, southeastern china. according to his father, the boy most likely fell while sleepwalking. doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt. the boy was saved after landing on a car parked underneath the building.
detroit red wings' drew miller was struck under the visor by ottawa's mark stone's skate during a game on tuesday. miller required 50 to 60 stitches to close the gash on his face. the forward was left with a scar across his eye, but reportedly didn't suffer any damage to his eyesight. the team said he will likely return to the ice thursday.
filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract. atletico madrid are considering re-signing the full back in the summer. the defender signed a three-year contract when he moved to stamford bridge last summer. he played for brazil against france and chile during the international break.
charllie sumner, 20, ran on to the pitch during royals' fa cup quarter-final replay win over bradford city last month. he did four front flips and somersaults during his first-ever game at madejski stadium. sumner faces a potential three-year football ban after staging a one-man pitch invasion. he said he has no regrets about the incident and said it was a 'brilliant experience'   he was tackled by stewards and footage of his antics went viral and was broadcast live on bbc.
half a dozen men were sitting on the roof of the van when it toppled on to its side on a busy road in morocco. the van was carrying football fans and was travelling at high speed. the incident happened on a road near the coastal city of salé. video captured by a following motorist shows the van veering across two lanes.
john peacock's young lions are the defending european champions. england have been drawn with holland, italy and ireland in group d of the uefa under 17 championships. the tournament takes place in bulgaria in may. scotland are in group c with greece, russia and france.
the elephant was relaxing in the kruger national park in south africa with its family by a pool of water when the buffalo bull came too close. the elephant tried to squirt water on the bull to get it to leave but missed its target. the wildlife creature was captured on camera in the national park.
michael thorpe was convicted of illegally showing premier league football matches on foreign tv channels in 2006. he was fined £1,000 and ordered to pay costs for showing the games. pub landlord says he has lost his pub as a result of eight-year legal battle to clear his name.    he launched an appeal against his conviction after a landmark european court ruling. but the court action has seen him lose the stoke inn in plymouth and his business.
north ireland's windsor park suffered overnight damage to its west stand on monday night. cracks were spotted in the structure of the west stand at the stadium. irish football association is hoping the damage will not affect northern ireland 's euro 2016 qualifier against romania in june.
charllie sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading's madejski stadium during fa cup quarter final replay last month. he did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards. he is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. but sumner said he has no regrets and that his family had'seen the funny side' of the incident.
hina shamim, 21, was knocked down and killed as she walked to university of kingston library. bmw driver arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remains in police custody. miss shamim was due to celebrate her 22nd birthday next week and was a popular student. friends have described the talented student as 'the loveliest person you could ever meet'   eight others, including five children, were injured in the crash, which also involved an empty bus.
the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school, in houston on tuesday. the mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter. the video was posted online, but has now been taken down.
stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of goalkeeper asmir begovic. begovic has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at stoke. the bosnia international is in the final year of his contract at the club. his current deal has just over 12 months to run.
passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland, new zealand. he sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint. the driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving the bus. bus company boss andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions.
west ham host bottom-club leicester city at the boleyn ground on saturday. sam allardyce has confirmed winston reid will be fit for the game. reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in march. but enner valencia will not be available to face leicester. valencia missed west ham's last two games with a toe injury.
john redman, 25, and brittany huber, 23, were driving from georgia to mobile, alabama, five days before their wedding. redman lost control of his car and smashed into the median, killing his fiancee on impact.   redman was left with a cracked skull and broken ribs, and was told he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair. he was assistant basketball coach at dalton state college and helped lead his team to its first championship title on march 24.
lucas leiva played 90 minutes in liverpool's all-star charity game at anfield on sunday. the brazilian midfielder is looking to recapture his best form in two years. captain steven gerrard is suspended for three games for sending off against manchester united. lucas missed 10 games with a groin injury.
japanese photographer yûki aoyama's latest series of images sees fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters. the images are from the 37-year-old's latest book which roughly translates into daughter and salary man. each image sees a po-faced daughter standing next to her father as he makes a dramatic leap.
the robbery took place at 12.30pm at a lloyds bank branch in fairwater, cardiff, south wales, police said. detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing. no one was injured during the robbery and police are 'confident' the public will identify the man.
morocco was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 african cup of nations after pulling out as hosts of the tournament. the country was fined $1 million by the confederation of african football. morocco pulled out due to fears related to the ebola epidemic. court of arbitration for sport has lifted the ban from the next two editions.
jason denayer has impressed on loan at celtic this season. tom boyd believes the 19-year-old could challenge for a place at manchester city next season. the young defender has been tipped to partner vincent kompany on his return to parkhead. hearts captain danny wilson is also a target for ronny deila.
andros townsend scored a wonder goal in england's 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night. the tottenham hotspur winger said naysayers like paul merson motivated him to score. townsend has yet to score a goal for england this season.
chinese property conglomerate dalian wanda group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of atletico madrid. the purchase was completed at an extraordinary general meeting on tuesday. the group hopes to grow atletico's brand in asia.    the legal team signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m)
antonio conte insisted his return to turin prompted'very fond memories' after 1-1 draw against england. former juventus manager received death threats in the days leading up to the friendly. conte replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august. graziano pelle scored the opening goal for italy at the juventus stadium.
dumbarton boss ian murray believes rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in. rangers and hibs are level on points at the top of the scottish championship table. but    hib's have the easier run in with two games to play against hearts and queen of the south.
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet posed for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit as he returned home from international duty with belgium. the 27-year-old had been with the squad for euro 2016 qualifying games against cyprus and israel. the goalkeeper is back in england ahead of liverpool's clash with arsenal on saturday.
chyknell hall estate is set in 200 acres of land near bridgnorth, shropshire, and boasts a swimming pool, tennis court and cricket green. it was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since. the 11-bedroom manor house and five cottages also boasts a wine cellar, library, wine cellar and billiard room. ownership of the estate can be traced back to medieval times and it is on the market for £6million.
the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse. the officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown dallas campus. one of the two campus cops searched, questioned, and even hit one of them. the student has said he believes the officers totally overreacted.
kilmarnock interim manager gary locke has signed a three-year deal at rugby park. locke joined the club as assistant boss to allan johnston last summer. the 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over as manager.
borussia dortmund and bayern munich meet in the der klassiker on saturday. the two sides are 31 points and nine positions apart in the bundesliga table. jurgen klopp's side are only five points from the top six after beating hannover .
deva joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at london stansted airport after being told she would not be allowed to take flight home to spain. she offered to pay for second item to be put in hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted. the teenager was told she was too young to have a credit card. she was left in floods of tears as she begged to board flight to bilbao.
gordon robson, 26, hit father john potts, 45, in the back of the head so hard there was an 'audible crack' outside sports bar. mr potts was trying to break up a fight after his grandfather's funeral in washington, tyne and wear. thug was drunk after being a pallbearer at the funeral of the 'big softie'    court heard he was 'acting as a peacemaker' when he was punched in the head and fell to the ground, but could not be saved. robsons was jailed for three-and-a-half years after admitting manslaughter at newcastle crown court.
ellen white scored a free kick for notts county against her former club arsenal in the women's super league. laura bassett and alex greenwood were confused at the free kick. white missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0 for county. arsenal equalised late on to earn a point for the hosts.
girls at 27th march huizhou integrated high school are being trained by former special forces solider inspector tan. the 68 girls aged between 16 and 18 are being taught how to use a knife. the knives are not real but have retractable blades to prevent injury. every female student at the school undergoes some form of self-defence training.
the sleep health foundation report that 30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. the average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine. professor david hillman advises 20 minute power naps to avoid falling into deep sleep. our sleep pattern is influenced by how much we compromise from the work week.
the clip was uploaded to facebook today. it shows an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of african men. the woman appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a crowbar. she is verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them. a scuffle breaks out and the woman is struck in the face. the video has been viewed 85,000 times.
valencia's 19-year-old left back jose luis gaya has a buy-out clause of £13.5m. manchester city, arsenal and chelsea are interested in signing the spain under 21 international. gaya is currently first choice for valencia's under 21 side. he has represented his country at every level since under-16s. real madrid are favourites to sign the left back this summer.
police in oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after edward west, 59, allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun . police say the two 17-year-old boys were crossing center street when edwardwest told them, 'get ready to die' in a parking lot. a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape. west was arrested and charged with menacing, harassment, assault, and unlawful use of a weapon.
aston villa captain ron vlaar returns from injury to face old trafford on saturday. tim sherwood has urged the dutch centre-back to prove his worth as he returns to action. the captain played a starring role in holland's run to the world cup semi-finals last year. villa boss sherwood wants to see the captain help his side to stay up.
tim sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover at aston villa. randy lerner is understood to be in discussions with a prospective buyer. the villa manager says he plans to build a squad in his image for next season. villa face manchester united at old trafford on saturday in the premier league.
manuel pellegrini has confirmed that manchester city are looking to invest in homegrown talent. jason denayer has been on loan at celtic from manchester this season. celtics are hoping to sign the 19-year-old defender on a permanent deal next season.
fraser forster suffered a serious knee injury in southampton's win over burnley. the england goalkeeper has undergone surgery and will be out for several months. southampton boss ronald koeman will wait for a more accurate date for fraser's return. forster underwent knee surgery after falling awkwardly in the win. kelvin davis will deputise for forster until the end of the season. koeman would not be drawn on whether southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer.
robert tesche opened the scoring for birmingham city in the 27th minute at st andrews. clayton donaldson doubled the hosts' lead in the 43rd minute. matt derbyshire pulled a goal back for rotherham united in the 48th minute. steve evans was furious after his side were denied a penalty on the hour mark.
celtic defender virgil van dijk has never been capped by the holland national team. guus hiddink never calls or writes a call-up to the dutch side. the defender has been in fine form for celtic but wasn't called up to the national side. van di jk insists he was happy for team-mate jason denayer to make his belgium debut.
celtic have complained to the sfa over ticket prices for their scottish cup semi-final at hampden. celtic face inverness caledonian thistle later this month. ticket prices were set at £23 for the north and south stands for the match. the game's governing body has already come under fire from caley thistle fans.
paul murray insists the actions of previous boardroom regimes were ‘solely’ to blame for the club’s stock exchange removal. rangers will be forced to delist from the alternative investment market. sandy easdale claims the shareholder group he heads is considering legal action. former football board chairman accused dave king of making ‘misleading’ statements.   but murray says the new board's plans for the future will be unaffected and planned investments will still take place.
england drew 1-1 with italy at the juventus stadium on tuesday night. graziano pelle opened the scoring for italy in the first half. andros townsend equalised for roy hodgson's side during a much-improved second half. wayne rooney said the england players were upset by their first half performance.
dundee united board hit back at criticism from supporters' groups arabtrust and the federation of dundee united supporters clubs. some supporters were angered by the amount of commission paid from transfer fees received. the board have defended their record by pointing to their on-field success. the supporters groups claim 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees was paid in commission to unnamed parties.
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock's new permanent manager on friday morning. locke replaced allan johnston on a caretaker basis until the end of the season. the former hearts boss will be given a three-year deal at rugby park. the club went unbeaten during locke's first six games in charge of the club.
the five-year-old child is called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old. his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad china. the pint-sized player shows his outstanding basketball skills in a viral video.
david alaba was injured while playing for austria in their 1-1 draw against bosnia-herzegovina. he has been ruled out for seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. alaba has been in excellent form for bayern munich this season. the 22-year-old was out for three months earlier this season with a partial ligament tear.
dane tilse will move from canberra raiders to hull kr on a two-and-a-half-year deal. the raiders have agreed to release the australian forward. tilse has made 200 appearances for canberra and will link up with former raiders team-mate terry campese. michael weyman and ryan bailey have both retired from super league.
mark burchill believes darren cole wants to play in livingston's petrofac cup final on sunday. cole was left heartbroken after the death of his cousin, shaun, from a suspected hit-and-run. shaun cole, 22, was found dead in a miami street last weekend. livingston face alloa in the national final at mcdiarmid park.
alan smith has denied claims that liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling to hospital in during manchester united's fa cup fifth round exit nine years ago. smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle while attempting to block a john arne riise free-kick at anfield in 2006. at the time, it was claimed that fans threw bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance.
heart captain danny wilson is a summer transfer target for celtic and could be signed for £400,000. the defender is out of contract at the end of the season but hearts are in no rush to sell. john denayer is expected to return to manchester city after a loan spell at hearts.    managerronny deila is battling to keep hold of virgil van dijk and jason denayer at the club.
ronny deila says celtic won't be travelling as much in pre-season as they did last year. champions league champions lost to legia warsaw 4-1 in champions league qualifying. deila has the blessing of chief executive peter lawwell to scale down this summer's commitments.
kevin de bruyne has been linked with bayern munich as a potential replacement for franck ribery and arjen robben. the wolfsburg forward has scored nine goals and has 16 assists this season. but bayern's franck ribbery says de bruyny is the wrong type of player for pep guardiola. the former france international says his counter-attacking skills don't mesh with munich's style. eden hazard would be an ideal fit with guardiola and the allianz arena, but expensive.
davon durant, a promising linebacker at asu, was arrested on domestic violence charges after his girlfriend of 18 months, kelsi langley, claimed he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument march 7. durant was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion. on tuesday, langley publicly recanted her story and said that she lied about the assault because she was jealous. according to a police report, durant's girlfriend suffered a bruise and finger marks around her neck but langley said the bruises were love bites and her eyes were red from crying.
detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back. the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers. in january, former philadelphia phillies pitcher roy halladay tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan.
eden hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in belgium's 1-0 win over israel on tuesday. eden hazard has played 48 games this season for club and country. the 24-year-old playmaker has played all but five of chelsea's premier league games. hazard has admitted an intense campaign may have left him too tired to perform at his best. manager marc wilmots said he felt that hazard looked tired after the game.
police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb in the northern territory. the slab of meat was found by officers after something smelled suspicious . it is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at darwin airport. police said the stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold.
clarke carlisle says he has'moved out of the marital home' in yorkshire that he shared with wife of 14 years, gemma. the former premier league defender tried to kill himself in december, two days after being arrested on suspicion of drink-driving. the 35-year-old father-of-three stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the a64 near york in attempt to commit suicide. he said the scars he still bears from the incident are a 'constant reminder' of his good fortune in surviving.
paul merson criticised andros townsend's call up to the england squad last week. the sky sports pundit said townsend should not have been in the squad. townsend scored the equaliser in england's 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday. merson admitted he was wrong to criticise townsend in his sky sports column.
cesc fabregas captained spain in their 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday. the chelsea midfielder has struggled to make an impact in midfield this season. the spaniard has struggled during the second half of the premier league season. he has just one assist in five games since mid-january. jose mourinho will be demanding more from his star man in the run-in.
five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning in departure zone of south coast port. four of the men are from birmingham, west midlands, and in their 20s. a 26-year-old man and a woman of no fixed abode were also arrested.
treats can range from a bar of chocolate or a glass of wine to designer clothes and shoes. men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves, according to research. the average brit spends £153 within 24 hours of payday - and 44 per cent of shoppers in swansea are frivolous.
fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players in a premier league squad from eight to 12. arsene wenger believes clubs should produce the best players in the world. fa chairman dyke's proposals could be detrimental to the quality of the premier league. but wenger's transfer record shows he has signed a number of good players.
charlie austin signed for queens park rangers on his premier league debut season. joey barton ignored him on his first day at the club before realising his mistake. the duo have since become good friends. austin says qpr can't afford to lose their next two games and must pick up four points.
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j. brown dam and reservoir in springfield, ohio, on saturday afternoon. footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees celsius. he apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear.
juventus are 14 points clear at the top of serie a with 10 games to play. massimiliano allegri's side host empoli on saturday. roma host fellow champions league hopefuls napoli. lazio are on a six-match winning run in the league.
bradley johnson scored a second-half winner for norwich at the amex stadium. chris hughton's brighton side were beaten 2-1 by chris johnson's former club norwich. norwich striker cameron jerome opened the scoring for the hosts in the 62nd minute.
for residents of celoron, n.y., say a statue of hometown icon lucile ball is'monstrous' in 2009 the town unveiled a statue with a face so unlike the beloved comedian. the statue is based on a famous moment from ball's show 'i love lucy'   artist dave poulin has declined to comment on the controversy.
south sydney hooker issac luke will be investigated by the nrl integrity unit after posting a homophobic slur on instagram. the 27-year-old posted an offensive comment in response to attacks from canterbury bulldogs fans. luke had intended to donate a jersey to the young rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at anz stadium. the rugby league player hit back at the taunts, saying: 'get off my page you lil poofters'   the comment prompted an immediate backlash on social media with some labelling it 'grubby' and 'disappointing'
the video was captured in wangaratta, northeast victoria. the driver was spraying his car with insect repellent when a huntsman spider crawled out from under the door handle. the video has already garnered hundreds of thousands of views on social media. huntsman are a breed of spider notorious for their size and speed.
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has compared harry kane to gabriel batistuta. royal hodgson wants harry to play for england under 21s at the european championships. tottenham striker kane is nearing the 30-goal mark after an outstanding season . kane scored on his full england debut against lithuania.
michael mcindoe played for bristol city and wolverhampton wanderers and was declared bankrupt in october last year with £2.4m debts. he fronted a £30million investment scheme and lived a millionaire's lifestyle. the former winger lured fellow players into the scheme with promises of a 20 per cent return. but the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he is now surviving on handouts. the 35-year-old told a court he has received £9,000 from friends and family but has no income.
pavel nedved is a director at juventus. he has revealed barcelona are interested in signing paul pogba. the czech midfielder has been linked with a move to the catalan giants. but the director insisted that the frenchman will not be moving. ned ved also expressed his relief that juventus avoided barcelona in the champions league quarter-finals.
james oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by linda currier, 53. police report that they found oliver in the driveway of a home in noblesboro, maine, on saturday night. oliver was allegedly caught by currier trying to sexually assault a 12-year-old girl. he was taken to hospital and charged with attempted gross sexual assault, unlawful sexual touching and failing to comply with the sex offender registration act.
neto is wanted by a number of top european clubs, according to his agent stefano castagna. neto's contract at fiorentina runs out at the end of the season. the brazilian keeper is a target for liverpool and psg and clubs in spain. rodgers was linked with a move for neto in january.
video shows a porsche cayman flying out of control on prince edward island in canada. a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash. police say the car was a totaled porsche. the driver was driving a $50,000 sports car.
lee cattermole will return to the sunderland starting line-up for sunday's derby clash with newcastle. massadio haidara will miss the rest of the season after undergoing knee surgery. newcastle defender buckley and emanuele giaccherini are still out for the magpies.
rory mcilroy has released a video chronicling his journey ahead of the 2015 masters in augusta. the world no 1 is aiming to complete a career grand slam at the tournament. the northern irishman has released the video in conjunction with his sponsor bose. the masters will be held at the augusta national golf club on april 9.
sergio garcia insists he is focused on winning his first pga tour title since 2012 at this week's shell houston open. the spaniard finished third at the masters but missed the cut at augusta. garcia finished second at last year's open at hoylake.
lance corporal riki hughes, 31, volunteered as club secretary of tidworth town football club. he claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord - but the team was getting property for free. he spent the money on a stag holiday in las vegas and camping equipment. he was jailed for 16 months after pleading guilty to stealing £17,000.
johnny sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with racing metro this season. irish fly-half has helped french side reach knock-out stages of european champions cup for first time. sexton intends to return to dublin in the summer after two years in france.
mustafa kamal has resigned as icc president after accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh.    he criticised the umpires and questioned their partiality over a disputed no-ball in the match. the icc asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst.
leicester city boss nigel pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season. leicester are bottom of the premier league and face west ham at the king power stadium on saturday. sam allardyce has defended pearson and says that he is 'his own man'   the west ham manager had pearson on his coaching staff when he was newcastle united manager in 2007.
john o'shea wants a fifth straight derby win against newcastle. sunderland face newcastle at the stadium of light on sunday. the black cats have won the last four meetings with the wear-tyne rivals. the captain wants to keep their fate in their own hands with a win.
stoke city manager mark hughes says his side must end their barren run at chelsea. the potters have lost all eight of their visits to stamford bridge since promotion in 2008. the last time stoke drew at the stadium in the premier league was in 1984. stoke face chelsea on saturday night at home in the league.
papiss cisse is newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals - 10 of those were decisive. john carver's side would be two points adrift of sunderland in the relegation zone without cisse. the senegal striker is currently serving a seven-game ban.
dick advocaat will welcome back lee cattermole after missing the last two games through suspension. the black cat midfielder missed the defeat to west ham united. cattermole will definitely start against newcastle united on sunday. the midfielder has missed large portions of sunderland's season through injury. the dutchman has confirmed that he will start against the magpies.
ronny deila has 16million reasons to qualify for the champions league group stage. uefa confirmed increase in champions league money for next three years. celtic manager deila's side face st mirren in a european qualifier at paisley tonight.
tottenham host burnley at turf moor on sunday in the barclays premier league. ben davies was part of the wales team-mate sam vokes' squad which beat israel 3-0 in euro 2016 qualifier. davie's tottenham face the clarets at burnley after the international break.
leeds united assistant manager steve thompson has been suspended until the end of the season. director of football nicola salerno has informed the club of the decision. manager neil redfearn is considering his future at elland road after being told of the suspension.
john carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated to beat sunderland in the north-east derby on sunday. newcastle have lost the last four matches against their north-east rivals. massadio haidara will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury. dick advocaat will take charge of his second game as sunderlands boss at the stadium of light.
david templeton says stuart mccall's training ground methods are superior to ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall's. rangers winger has praised the impact of the new boss at ibrox.    templeton has singled out the change in formation and new-found intensity as behind the improvement.
lionel messi should be fit to face celta vigo after recovering from a foot injury. barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem. nolito has urged messi to head to the beach on sunday instead of playing his team. messi was forced to sit out both of argentina's international friendlies.
robbie neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club. owner ann budge has set a target of a top-six finish in the scottish premiership. captain danny wilson has been linked with a move to celtic. hearts have already secured promotion to the championship.
raheem sterling has stalled over signing a new contract at liverpool. brendan rodgers is keen to keep hold of the 20-year-old. sam allardyce believes giving sterling a bumper deal could upset the other liverpool players. sterling is currently on £35,000 a week at the club.
thomas piermayr has been training with championship club blackpool this week. the defender is a free agent and has never played in england. the 25-year-old has been playing for colorado rapids. blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender   the tangerines are currently bottom of the championship.
tony pulis wants to talk to jeremy peace after premier league safety is confirmed. west bromwich albion finished 17th in the premier league last season. the wolves boss wants to sign bakary sako and neil taylor in the summer. pulis said the club has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons.
arsenal legend ian wright would be disappointed to see theo walcott leave north london. walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season. arsene wenger has refused to play walcott as a striker and ian says it is 'a shame'    walcott's contract at arsenal runs out next summer and he could be on the way out.
roberto martinez is backing ross barkley to become an even more influential player for everton and england. the 21-year-old has had an indifferent campaign for the toffees this season. barkley impressed after coming off the substitutes bench for england against lithuania and italy. martinez insists guaranteeing safety is still everton's only immediate target.
sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet scored for france. sean o'driscoll's young lions missed out on european championship finals in greece. england needed to beat france in saint-lo to qualify for elite round. fulham's patrick roberts scored a late equaliser but it wasn't enough.
jonas gutierrez has been a substitute in each of newcastle's last three games since his return from testicular cancer. newcastle face rivals sunderland in the derby at st james' park on sunday. the magpies have lost four successive derbies against their arch-rivals. the 31-year-old midfielder is hoping to win his fourth game since returning.
south sydney rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over canterbury bulldogs at anz stadium on friday night. a section of the crowd threw plastic water bottles and abuse at officials and officials. sideline interchange official darren alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder. two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles. police are investigating the incident. the club has called for a life ban on fans who were involved in the attack.
kevin sinfield is to switch codes and join yorkshire carnegie at the end of the season. the leeds rhinos captain has been warned he will be a 'target' by castleford head coach daryl powell. sinfield will join the rhinos' sister club on an 18-month contract.
raheem sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at liverpool. the 20-year-old wideman admits he would have signed for a lot less a year ago. sterling has managed just six goals this season - one less than stoke's jon walters.
brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. the championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players. four current and former brighton players were cleared of sexual assault charges in 2013.
the clip was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto for the homeless charity humans for humans. it is designed to make people think twice about the way they look at people who sleep rough. many of the people break down in tears as they read out the cruel comments.
george boyd has run the equivalent of running from burnley's turf moor to crystal palace's selhurst park this season. tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen is second in the premier league's top 10 runners. scott arfield and david jones are also in the top 10.   boyd's team-mates have run an incredible 2,172.3 miles on the pitch.
five-month-old baby was found dead at home in perry barr, birmingham, at 1am yesterday. child was taken to birmingham children's hospital but died hours later. father and mother, 25, and 22-year-old woman arrested by west midlands police. police were called to the home after the baby suffered breathing difficulties.
raheem sterling has refused to sign a new contract at liverpool. the 20-year-old has been offered £100,000-a-week by manager brendan rodgers. pfa chief gordon taylor insists sterling is not being disloyal to liverpool by putting talks on hold until the summer.
anderson was sent off for an off-the-ball shove on otacilio neto in internacional's 1-1 draw with ypiranga erechim. the former manchester united midfielder shoved the brazilian striker in porto alegre. neto was also sent off after he retaliated with an elbow at anderson. brazil's fabricio was also shown the red card for swearing at his own fans. fabricio threw his shirt to the ground and shouted 'i'm leaving' after being sent off.
the boy suffered 30 per cent burns to his body after the incident in bhiwandi, a suburb of mumbai. the youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him. when he resisted, they set him on fire. the incident took place in padma nagar, in the city of bhi wandi, in m mumbai.
d dug the pug was hiking with his owner lindsay castro in fontana, canada, when he ran toward a rattlesnake. he was bitten in the face by the reptile and his face swelled to twice its size. he needed two days of intensive antidote treatment at a veterinary hospital.
alvaro arbeloa says jose mourinho could return to take charge of real madrid one day. the chelsea manager ended his three-year spell in madrid in 2013. real defender says real's door will never be closed to bringing him back as manager. mour mourinho left the club amid rumours of bust-ups with senior players. arbeloa says mourino is happy in london and is on good terms with his family.
liverpool lost to arsenal 4-1 at the emirates on saturday. manager brendan rodgers admitted liverpool are unlikely to reach the top four. rodgers spent most of his press conference fielding questions about contract rebel raheem sterling. mario balotelli was not included in the squad to face arsenal after picking up a knock.
roberto mancini was furious with his players' attitude after 1-1 draw at home to parma on saturday. inter milan coach ordered his players into training on sunday morning. inter were held to a disappointing draw at the san siro and are joint ninth in the table.
ex-manchester united and england defender paul parker's old passport was listed on ebay for £5,000. the seller was open to offers but the item was no longer available. parker played for manchester united between 1991 and 1996 and won two league titles. the former defender made 19 international appearances for england.
paddy morrall noticed the full-length christ on a snapped scaffolding board in inverness, scotland, on wednesday. joiner and colleagues left the piece of wood out in the rain for several hours. it comes two days after a shop assistant spotted image of christ on hot cross bun.
ondrej duda scored after the interval to lead slovakia to a 1-0 win over the czech republic. it was the third win in 10 matches between the two sides since czechoslovakia split in 1993. the hosts have won five games in a row and are top of euro 2016 qualifying group.
karim benzema posted a video of him singing along to tupac's 'check out time' in his bugatti veyron. real madrid and france forward has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season. benzema believes he can win the ballon d'or award during his career.
harvey boulter has already given £30,000 to the ukip candidate fighting fox in his somerset seat. also spending another £30k to try to defeat tom tugendhat, who is standing for tories in tonbridge and west malling. fox resigned from cabinet in 2011 after he was forced to resign as defence secretary.
sergiu bus opened the scoring for sheffield wednesday in the 86th minute against huddersfield town. ishmael miller equalised for the hosts with a minute to go in normal time. the draw leaves hudderfield without a win in their last seven games.
stuart dallas spent three months on loan at northampton last season. the 23-year-old scored two goals for brentford against fulham on good friday. mark warburton says dallas has improved since his loan spell. dallas starred for northern ireland in the week.
a new facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county. the new york yankees and boston red sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite. the mets are not the favorite team in one county.
trey moses, a senior at eastern high school in louisville, kentucky who will play for ball state next year, asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. moses volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities. he surprised her during class with a sign reading: 'let's party like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by ellie's favorite singer.
president barack obama impersonated house of cards's fictional president frank underwood by dipping into a southern drawl. the president attempted to copy the deep voice and south carolina accent of the fictional commander-in-chief. he has previously admitted to watching the netflix show.
ludovic obraniak is currently on loan at caykur rizespor from german side werder bremen. the midfielder was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem on saturday. the 30-year-old was substituted after 30 minutes of caykur's 5-1 win against fenerbahce .
a 1973 e-type jaguar has been involved in a head-on collision with a toyota kluger. three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution. the crash happened on easter sunday night on warringah road in frenchs forest, northern sydney. the classic sports car was worth over $120,000 and was completely written off. nsw police are investigating the circumstances surrounding the collision.
villagers from shandong province in eastern china carry natural gas in plastic bags as long as six metres. media suggest it is a way for villages to save money on the transportation of gas. previous investigation found residents have little understanding of the dangers of carrying the explosive.
tiger woods was spotted practising on the practice range at augusta national on tuesday. the former world no 1 is said to have returned to the course after playing 18 holes. woods has not appeared on the pga tour since withdrawing from the masters. woods dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years. woods did not play last year's masters following back surgery.
44-page document was commissioned by executives at the bbc who hired an agency to research how to use emojis. bbc used a'sad face' emoticon to describe the death of the world's oldest woman this week. the corporation spent licence fee payers' money on a 44-page guide on the correct way to use the symbol.
moses kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been sexually abusing female athletes in his native uganda. five female runners came to him for help after a coach was accused of abusing them. some of the athletes were as young as 15-years-old. the 10,000m commonwealth champion says he has received death threats after reporting the allegations to police. he is a regular training partner of british long-distance running legend mo farah.
curacao beat montserrat 4-3 on aggregate to progress to the second round of 2018 world cup qualifying. patrick kluivert was assistant to louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup. curacao face cuba in the next round of the concacaf tournament.
brady eaves, 18, is privately-educated stepson of former mississippi governor candidate john arthur eaves jr. he was filmed biting the head off a live hamster at a drunken spring break party in florida. he has been withdrawn from the university of mississipp and submitted for mental health tests. he could be charged with felony animal cruelty charges, which carry a maximum jail term of five years and $5,000 in fines. his stepfather was the democratic candidate in the state's 2007 gubernatorial elections. sources close to eaves described him as an 'animal lover' and a star soccer player.
sri lanka's sports minister navin dissanayake has asked kumar sangakkara to reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket. the 37-year-old scored four successive centuries at the cricket world cup. the batsman bid farewell to the one-day game on march 18. he scored 541 runs at the world cup, including a record four consecutive centuries.
dougie fife, alasdair dickinson and ross ford return to edinburgh for european challenge cup clash with london irish. the trio were rested for last week's win over scarlets after six nations duty. edinburgh coach alan solomons has named his strongest xv for the quarter-final.
chris ramsey claims tony pulis 'is one of the best coaches in british football' but says he won't be asking for his advice. queens park rangers face west brom at hawthorns on saturday in the premier league. ramsey's side are 19th in the barclay's premier league table.
silhan ozcelik, 18, went missing from her kurdish family’s home in north london last october. sixth-form student accused of preparing to carry out a terrorist attack in october 2014. she is accused of travelling to germany with another man to join rebels. the teenager has been charged with one count of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity.
leicester city are rock-bottom of the premier league table and without a league win this season. esteban cambiasso says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy. the former argentina international joined leicester last summer on a free transfer. he won five back to back serie a titles at previous club inter milan.
alan pardew insists manchester city are still in the premier league title race. crystal palace host city at the palace on monday. chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand. city won the title last season after going top with one game to play.
hull city owner assem allam has reapplied to the football association to change the club's name to hull tigers. the initial request was blocked by the fa council. hull boss steve bruce has revealed the club have reapplied for permission to rebrand as hull tigers .
swansea city host hull city at the liberty stadium (saturday 3pm)   jefferson montero will be checked on after suffering muscle strain against mexico. leon britton and kyle bartley are both back in training for swansea. mohamed diame and james chester will make their long-awaited returns to the hull squad. tom carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on england under 21 duty.
john bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11 which slowly caused him to lose his eyesight. he went blind at 30 after suffering from the disease for 19 years. the artist discovered his love of painting after losing his sight 12 years ago. he uses a special technique using fabric paint to create an outline before colouring in the work.
diego costa may not be risked against stoke following a hamstring injury. stoke forward jonathan walters expected to be fit for premier league leaders chelsea. marc muniesa set to return to matchday squad after missing five games with hamstring problem. john obi mikel will not be considered despite recovering from knee injury.
stuart mccall wants to win one visit from an edinburgh club at ibrox this season. rangers face hearts on sunday in the final game of the regular season.   rangers have lost three league visits to edinburgh clubs this season, beating hibernian and hibernian.
stefan johansen scored a second half penalty for celtic at st mirren park on friday night. james forrest scored the only goal of the game in the 64th minute to put the saints in the lead. ronny deila's side are now eight points clear at the top of the premiership table.
charles piutau has signed a two-year deal with ulster from july 2016. the 23-year-old has won 14 caps for the all blacks and has played for new zealand since 2012. he has signed for ulster on a deal and has agreed to play for the blues.
alessandro diamanti and mohamed salah scored in fiorentina's 2-0 win over sampdoria. miralem pjanic scored as roma beat napoli 1-0 in serie a. carlos tevez scored a free kick to help juventus beat empoli. inter milan drew 1-1 at home to parma.
juventus beat empoli 2-0 at home to maintain 14-point lead at the top of the serie a table. carlos tevez and roberto pereyra scored for the turin giants. inter milan were held to a 1-1 draw by rock-bottom parma at the san siro. roma beat napoli 1-0 and lazio beat cagliari 3-1 at home.
kevin de bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no transfer away from wolfsburg has been agreed. patrick de koster's agent has denied a deal is in place for the midfielder to leave wolfsburg. manchester city and bayern munich and manchester united are also interested. the belgian is one of the hottest prospects in european football after starring in the bundesliga.
swansea are yet to pick up a point after an international break this season. garry monk's side face hull at liberty stadium on saturday. swansea boss is out to claim a season-first against hull by picking up some points after the break. hull are currently bottom of the premier league table.
ronaldo says he 'would pay out of his own pocket' to sign lionel messi for his united states football team. the former brazil striker is a co-owner of second tier united states side, fort lauderdale strikers. ronaldo is also a target to sign ex-barcelona and real madrid striker.
northampton wing george north will miss saturday's european champions cup quarter-final at clermont auvergne. north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months. the wales wing was knocked out against wasps on friday night. north is being assessed by a neurologist and will await expert opinion before deciding when he will play again.
cesar azpilicueta is counting down the games until chelsea win the barclays premier league title. jose mourinho's team sit top of the table ahead of facing stoke city at stamford bridge on saturday. the spanish defender believes chelsea have shown their strength since 'day one'    the blues have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their opening 3-1 win over burnley.
mohamed diame has been out for four months with a knee injury. hull boss steve bruce confirms the midfielder will return for visit to swansea city on saturday. hull are currently 15th in the premier league and face a relegation battle. the £3.5m midfielder signed from west ham in the summer.
toby alderweireld will return to atletico madrid when his loan spell at southampton ends. the belgian defender has impressed on the south coast this season. atletico's sporting director jose luis perez caminero says the defender will be returning to the club. oliver torres will also return to la liga once his loan at porto ends.
tom carroll was injured during england under 21s' 1-0 victory over czech republic on friday. the midfielder is on loan at swansea from tottenham. carroll has ankle ligament damage and faces up to six weeks on the sidelines. the 22-year-old midfielder has made 18 appearances for the swans this season.
franck ribery says he has no chance of playing against borussia dortmund this week. the bayern munich winger limped off against shakhtar donetsk with an injury last month. the french ace admits he 'can't even run' and hopes to be back for german cup quarter-finals.
philipp lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle. captain could make his first bundesliga start for bayern munich against borussia dortmund on saturday. pep guardiola will be without franck ribery, arjen robben, javi martinez and david alaba. defender alaba is likely to be out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
burnley defender michael duff believes sean dyche could one day take charge of england. duff has backed his manager to be a top manager. dyche has improved burnley's fortunes since he took over at turf moor in october 2012. burnley host tottenham in the premier league on sunday.
roy hodgson confirms harry kane will be in gareth southgate's squad for european under 21 championships. tottenham striker made his senior england debut last week. mauricio pochettino has given kane his blessing to play in the tournament. kane is also set to travel to australia and malaysia this summer.
alvaro morata is happy at juventus and has no interest in joining real madrid, according to his agent beppe bozzo. the 22-year-old joined the italian giants for £15.8million last summer. morata started just three games in la liga for real last season. the forward signed a five-year deal at the juventus stadium and wants to continue his development.
more than 30 premiership and championship games are set to be affected by the long weekend disruption. all routes to and from london euston will be closed for maintenance work. labour accuses the government of failing to learn from boxing day chaos. the government has refused to step in to stop large parts of the rail network shut down.
brentford beat local rivals fulham 4-1 in the west london derby at craven cottage on saturday. mark warburton's side move up to fifth in the championship after the win. stuart dallas scored twice, with alan judge and jota also on target for the bees. fulham boss kit symons admits his side aren't yet safe from relegation.
sky sports and bt sport have announced the final set of televised premier league fixtures for the 2014-15 season. chelsea vs liverpool and manchester united vs arsenal will be shown live on may 10 and may 17. the tv schedule for the final day of the season will be announced at a later date.
the quick silver p-51d mustang was reconstructed from more than 200 parts by father-and-son team bill and scooter yoak. it is a tribute to american servicemen who have died in combat. originally built in 1945, the plane is flown by scooter at air shows around the country.
natal's dunas arena is being sold by owner grupo oas. the company is suffering from cash flow problems following a corruption scandal. grupo is also trying to sell the 50 percent share of the fonte nova arena in salvador. the world cup stadium in natal is up for sale.
13 democratic and republican u.s. senators have written to fifa calling for russia to be removed as host of the 2018 world cup. fa president sepp blatter announced russia as the host nation for the tournament. the fa are planning a bid to host eur 2028 but are unlikely to bid for 2026.
the helicopter came down on a house in the carapicuiba area of sao paulo killing five people. one of the victims was reportedly thomaz alckmin, son of the city governor. the aircraft came down in a residential neighborhood of the brazilian city. it is believed three mechanics and the pilot were also killed in the crash.
chris solly was sent off for deliberate handball in the first half for charlton. lee gregory missed a penalty for the addicks but stephen henderson saved the spot-kick. alou diarra scored the opening goal of the game for the hosts in the second half. substitute magaye gueye scored the equaliser for millwall in the 87th minute. jos hooiveld scored a late winner to earn the lions a crucial win at the den.
the renault 16 was the world’s first ever hatchback and was unveiled in april 1965. it was designed to help french farmers transport their sheep to market. now it accounts for two in every three cars sold in the uk and two thirds of all new cars in britain. the ford focus is the world's best selling hatchback as well as the best selling nameplate.
venezuela captain juan arango bit rival jesus zavala on the shoulder in the mexican league game. arango's side were losing 4-3 to monterrey when he bit the opponent. the tijuana midfielder apologised after the game and exchanged shirts. the referee did not take action against arango.
paul merson had another dig at andros townsend after his appearance for tottenham against burnley. townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute in the 0-0 draw with burnley on sunday. sky sports pundit merson criticised townsend's call-up to the england squad last week. the midfielder scored for england against italy in a friendly in turin.
real madrid star cristiano ronaldo scored five goals against granada in 9-1 win at the bernabeu. his tally for the season is now 36 goals in la liga. he has scored more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in europe's top five leagues this season. nine teams in the premier league have fewer goals than him. the portuguese forward has now overtook lionel messi's record of 32 league goals.
england manager roy hodgson has submitted his starting line-ups for the euro 2016 finals in france. daniel sturridge and wayne rooney start in a central role while harry kane plays up front. jordan henderson and jack carrick are the only two midfielders in the starting xi.
hull beat st helens 28-20 at langtree park. jamie shaul scored an early try for the visitors. tom makinson and louie mccarthy-scarsbrook also scored tries for hull. hull bounced back from derby defeat to hull kr. saints suffered a third straight defeat.
former barcelona defender sergi barjuan replaces juan ignacio martinez as almeria's new manager. the 43-year-old replaces the fired manager after seven straight league defeats. almera are currently in thela liga relegation zone. barj juan spent nine years at barcelona and made 53 international appearances.
christians across american observed good friday, which commemorates the crucifixion and death of jesus christ. 'way of the cross' walks took place in ohio, pennsylvania and over the brooklyn bridge to commemorate the events of the day. good fridays is observed as a national holiday in a number of countries and is not a government holiday in the united states.
england fans sang anti-ira songs during tuesday's friendly draw with italy at the juventus stadium. there is no suggestion that the fans were involved in the chants. roy hodgson's side face the republic of ireland in dublin on june 7.
man known only as john posted the advert in the window of his local newsagents in muswell hill, london. it has since gone viral after it was spotted by a passer by and posted online. the ad offers 'a way of life with quality' for a 'lover' who must be between 30 and 40 years old.
henrik larsson was forced to play 42-year-old kit man daniel andersson in goal during helsinborg's 0-0 draw with kalmar. par hansson and matt pyzdrowski are out injured for the allsvenskan side. the emergency stopper kept a clean sheet in the match.
ben jones-bishop scored a spectacular solo try as salford red devils beat wigan warriors 24-18. both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared during the super league match. john bateman and weller hauraki were sent off for trading punches. the win ends a 17-match losing streak for wigan against the red devils.
alan pardew called manuel pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during premier league game back in january 2014. pardew was managing newcastle at the time. the crystal palace boss apologised to manuel for the touchline spat. pardews is now manager of crystal palace and faces manchester city at selhurst park.
crystal palace host manchester city at selhurst park on monday night in the premier league. crystal palace have no fresh injury concerns ahead of the clash. marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell remain out for crystal palace. skipper mile jedinak is suspended and will miss crystal palace's clash with manchester. yaya toure is fit to play for ivory coast but james milner is a doubt for manchestercity.
manchester city goalkeeper joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning the premier league title. chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city with eight games to play. hart won his 50th cap for england last week. gluigi buffon won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night.
former all black mils muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. the 34-year-old was arrested after connacht's 14-7 defeat by gloucester in european challenge cup last night. he was arrested in connection with an allegation of assault in cardiff in march. the married full back has 100 caps for the all blacks and denies the allegations. he is accused of assaulting the woman in a crowded bar in cardiffs city centre.
qpr beat west brom 4-1 on saturday to end a five-game losing run in the premier league. chris ramsey's side travel to aston villa park on tuesday for a crucial game. qpr had lost 13 of 14 league away games before the win. villa currently hold the last position of safety in the league.
lydia ko shot a 2-over 74 on saturday in the ana inspiration, her second straight over-par round. ko tied the lpga tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29. the 17-year-old new zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds.
arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer abou diaby a new contract at arsenal. the midfielder could have a future at the club despite his injury troubles. diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on wednesday. he has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at arsenal and has suffered 42 injuries.
the shell houston open is the last tournament before the masters. jordan spieth and phil mickelson have impressed in the run up to the masters . spieth has risen to number four in the world and is playing in his first masters tournament . the popular american is playing alongside fellow american philmickelson at the tournament.
alan hutton and ashley westwood ruled out for aston villa with ankle injuries. eduardo vargas and yun suk-young also out for queens park rangers. hoops boss chris ramsey without a host of key players for clash at villa park.
kim sei-young shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the ana inspiration. the south korean leads by three shots ahead of the final round of the competition. world no 1 lydia ko shot her second consecutive over-par score.
former world no 1 tiger woods confirmed earlier this week that he will play at the masters. colin montgomerie has said it would be a 'disaster for everyone' if woods limps out of the tournament. woods has dropped to 104 in the world rankings and has not played since february. woods is playing his return to competitive golf for the first time since then.
luis suarez and daniel sturridge scored 52 premier league goals for liverpool last season. liverpool have scored 45 goals this season, compared to 84 at the same stage of the season. raheem sterling, jordan henderson and steven gerrard have only scored six goals each. only sunderland and crystal palace have top scorers with fewer premier league goal than liverpool. diego costa is the joint top scorer in the premier league with 19 goals.
serena williams beat sabine lisicki in three sets to progress to the semi-finals of the miami open. the world no 1 beat the germany's world no 3 7-6, 1-6,. 6-3 at crandon park on wednesday.    she will face either sloane stephens or simona halep in the final after reaching the last four. andy murray was presented with a cake after winning his 500th match at the same event.
andy murray says british players should use aljaz bedene's move as motivation to get better as a player. he says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking. the world no 83 is originally from slovenia. murray admits bedene threatens certain players position as he is on tour every week.
sei young kim of south korea has a two-shot lead at the halfway point of the ana inspiration women's major. lydia ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par came to an end. morgan pressel is the overnight leader at mission hills after a 72.
nick scholfield has been lined up to ride jim culloty's spring heeled in the grand national at aintree on april 11. paul nicholls-trained sam winner was pulled up in the cheltenham gold cup. robbie mcnamara will ride lord windermere in the race.
novak djokovic came back from a set down to beat alexandr dolgopolov at the miami open. the world number one faces david ferrer in the quarter-finals of the tournament. tomas berdych also through to the last eight after beating gael monfils. andy murray and kei nishikori both reached the last 8 after beating kevin anderson.
newport gwent dragons reached the european challenge cup semi-finals with a 25-21 win over cardiff blues. hallam amos, nic cudd, tom prydie and dorian jones scored tries for the dragons. fly-half gareth anscombe added three conversions for the blues.
police in rhein erft, germany received a bizarre phone call about a large kangaroo hopping through a field. they initially dismissed the call and thought it was a prank. they later found the marsupial in a field in bruhl. it is believed the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms.
channels 7 allowed the name hugh g. rection to appear on screen during the royal children's hospital's good friday appeal. tv hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist made a donation of $32.38. twitter users were quick to identify the blunder. the charity telethons raised over $17.1 million for the hospital.
carla suarez navarro beat venus williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at key biscayne in the miami open quarter-final. the spaniard came back from a set down to beat the three-time champion.    she will face germany's ninth seed andrea petkovic in the semi-final after she beat czech karolina pliskova.
alfonso thomas has agreed to coach delhi daredevils in the indian premier league this month. veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle. somerset's new limited-overs captain is free to take up the short-term coaching role.
bath face leinster in champions cup quarter-final at the aviva stadium on saturday. george ford, dave attwood, jonathan joseph and anthony watson all return to the scene of england's six nations defeat. bath lost 19-9 to ireland in dublin last month.
andy murray beat dominic thiem 3-6 6-4, 6- 4, 6 -1 in the miami open quarter final. the world no 4 is into the semi-finals of the tournament. murray believes fellow british tennis players should not complain about aljaz bedene's move to the davis cup.
sim bhullar is set to become the nba's first player of indian descent with the sacramento kings. the 22-year-old centre will sign a 10-day contract with the kings. he is being called up from the team's development league affiliate, the reno bighorns.
rangers have been de-listed from the aim after dave king failed to find a new nominated advisor. stuart mccall has been reassured the decision will not affect his promotion push. rangers boss was gobsmacked at the news rangers will have to pay newcastle £500,000 if promoted.
moeen ali hurt himself during england's failed world cup campaign. the all-rounder is planning to join up with the squad to tour west indies. moeen expects to be fit again in time for worcestershire's county championship match. adil rashid and james tredwell are the current spinning options in the squad.
arsene wenger's side beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates stadium on saturday. hector bellerin, mesut ozil, alexis sanchez and olivier giroud all scored for arsenal. it was a seventh successive win in the premier league for the gunners. arsene is convinced something is finally starting to come together at arsenal.
michel vorm is set to deputise in place of hugo lloris for tottenham against burnley at turf moor on sunday. hugo is out with a knee injury for mauricio pochettino's side. vorm watched from the bench in last month's capital one cup final defeat to chelsea.
celtic striker leigh griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during good friday's match at st mirren. the striker was on the substitutes bench during the opening 10 minutes of the match. the scotland star was caught eating the tasty treat on live tv.
porto won the champions league under jose mourinho in 2004. porto have sold players for £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth £23million. 19 of porto's 29 players have south american backgrounds.
lionel messi wants to play at the weekend and faces tests on thursday to decide if he can play for barcelona. the argentine star missed both of argentina's games during the international break with a swollen foot problem. espn claim messi's injury was the result of a tackle by manchester city's martin demichelis. felipe anderson is a target for bar barcelona, with chelsea and manchester also interested in signing the 19-year-old.
river plate vice president matias patanian admits the club 'dream of radamel falcao'    the colombia striker has struggled on loan at manchester united this season. the 29-year-old has scored just four goals in the premier league for old trafford.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving northern ireland at the age of 16. rodgers was captain of the youth team at reading but failed to play for the first team. the reds boss believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to give youth a chance at liverpool.
stephen curry scored 27 points as the golden state warriors beat the los angeles clippers 110-106. san antonio spurs guard tony parker scored 16 points in his 1,000th nba game against miami heat. brooklyn beat indiana to reclaim sole possession of the eighth play-off spot in the eastern conference.
jamie carragher flew out to watch his son play for the liverpool u12s in the mediterranean international cup. the former defender watched james play in the famous youth tournament in girona, spain. over 200 clubs from 36 countries take part in the tournament.
newcastle face sunderland in the derby at st james' park on sunday afternoon. john carver is fighting to secure his future as newcastle manager beyond the end of this season. dick advocaat's side are currently in the premier league relegation zone. newcastle have won just four times all season.
james rodriguez will start for real madrid against granada on sunday after recovering from a fractured right foot. the attacking midfielder has been out for two months with the injury. carlo ancelotti has confirmed rodrig rodriguez will start against granada. the colombian has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining the la liga giants.
thiago came on for his first appearance in over a year against borussia dortmund on saturday. the midfielder hadn't played for bayern munich since march in 2014. he suffered a serious knee injury against hoffenheim. thiago admitted coming on was an emotional moment and thanked the club. the spanish midfielder said he barely felt fit enough to play 10 minutes.
st etienne want to sign cardiff full-back kevin theophile-catherine on a permanent deal. the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for £2.1million. the defender has been on loan at the club this season. st etienne will not take up an option to sign norwich striker ricky van wolfswinkel.
former huddersfield centre josh griffin scored a try and kicked three goals for salford. red devils secured second win in a row with 18-12 victory at home to giants. carl forster and ben jones-bishop also scored tries for the red devils. jack hughes scored a consolation try for the giants.
salford half-back rangi chase could face a ban of up to eight matches after making a dangerous tackle. chase was charged with making a grade e dangerous throw against huddersfield on friday. chase's tackle on brett ferres was viewed as dangerous by a match-review panel. chase could be banned for up to four to eight games.
andros townsend scored england's equaliser against italy in turin on tuesday night. the 23-year-old winger has scored three goals in seven premier league starts for england this season. townsend has been sent out to nine different clubs on loan by spurs. he has scored as many goals forengland as he has for spurs in the premier league. the tottenham winger is a risk-taker and can look unstoppable at times.
game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans. warrington's losing run is their worst since 2009. it was a third straight defeat in a row for the wolves. jack owens' side ran out 30-10 winners at the cheshire derby.
england's flight home from turin was delayed after 1-1 draw with italy on tuesday night. roy hodgson's squad had originally been set to leave northern italy immediately after the game. a technical issue with the plane meant the squad's northern-based players and staff had to stay in manchester. andros townsend, joe hart, chris smalling, phil jones and ross barkley all returned to their clubs.
wigan warriors beat st helens 12-4 in the first utility super league match of the season. dom manfredi, louie mccarthy-scarsbrook and joe burgess scored tries for the warriors. it was a second successive defeat for the champions. wigan moved up to third place in the table after the victory.
italian newspaper la gazzetta dello sport score england's players out of 10 for performance against italy. england forward theo walcott receives the worst rating of five for his performance. italy national team boss antonio conte and graziano pelle receive high praise for 1-1 draw with england.
daryl clark says he still follows the fortunes of his former club castleford tigers and hopes they do well. reigning man of steel clark will play for warrington wolves against his boyhood club. clark left the tigers at the end of last season. vikings coach denis betts rests a host of players for trip to perpignan.
raheem sterling admitted in a tv interview that he is not yet ready to sign a new contract at liverpool. the 20-year-old has been linked with a move to arsenal this summer. manager brendan rodgers insists sterling will be going nowhere this summer and is'relaxed' about contract talks. rodgers said sterling has to 'concentrate on his football'   rodgers admitted the interview was conducted without the club's consent and'surprised us all'
gianluigi buffon won his 147th cap against england on tuesday night. manchester city goalkeeper joe hart has labelled fellow goalkeeper a 'legend of the game'    hart said buffon was an inspiration to see after receiving his 50th cap for england.
graziano pelle scored in italy's 1-1 draw with england at juventus stadium on tuesday night. pelle has not scored in the premier league for southampton since december 20. the striker scored his second international goal in his third cap.
five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the super slide' at sydney royal easter show. a 22-year-old woman broke both her legs and two men suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding. officials closed the slide earlier that night after heavy rain made it too dangerous. eight contracted workers broke into the slide after it was closed. the slide was closed due to fears the heavy rain would make it slippery.
noa nakaitaci scored two tries for clermont at the stade marcel-michelin. brock james converted all three tries for the home side. northampton were thrashed by the champions of england at the champions cup. nick abendanon also scored a try for the visitors.
personal trainer rob edmond rolled the barrel 517 miles from perthshire to wiltshire in nine days. mr edmond ran the entire way and rolled the whisky barrel for 12 hours a day. mike tindall, 33, ran the final few miles of the charity challenge alongside him. the equestrienne pretended to pull her rugby player husband mike along in the barrel.
manuel pellegrini says manchester city's academy players are not ready for first-team action. city manager says he is sure the academy will produce players but urges patience for now. manchester have been linked with liverpool's raheem sterling and jack wilshere.
national union of teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend. members could strike in autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures. last time teachers went on strike in july, 21 per cent of schools were forced to close. nut members will be asked to consider funding shortages in schools.
borussia dortmund's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a 'great bid' but his family wanted to stay in germany. the former real madrid midfielder spent five months on loan at liverpool before returning to dortmund. sahin attracted interest from the gunners back in 2005 while playing for the under 17s.
tonio nuñez, 59, was arguing with the woman at his home in san antonio, texas, at 4.30am on monday. she pepper sprayed him in the eyes and ran across the street to a neighbor. he has been charged with aggravated assault.
kevin sinfield is to switch codes and join yorkshire carnegie at the end of the season. former leeds and england coach tony smith admits he was shocked by the decision. sinfield will join the rhinos' sister club on an 18-month contract. the 34-year-old is the greatest captain in rugby league's history.
residents of beckley club estates in dallas, texas, say that they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual. the man grabbed the bird by both its claws before shoving it in his black chevy tahoe and driving off. peacocks have lived in the neighborhood for 20 years.
the male tortoise was trying to mate with a female at kiev zoo when it lost its balance and fell on its back. the tortoise had to spend 15 minutes crawling around in the mud before getting up. the hilarious moment was captured by ukranian photographer, vadym shevchenko.
farmer captured the moment a duckling groomed a lamb's woollen coat in a 'heartwarming sign of trust and friendship' the lamb was a lamb named winter and was enjoying the sunshine outside. the duckling began to peck away at the lamb's head and neck as it groomed its coat. the lamb’s owner said the pecking is a'sign of friendship' for the lamb.
the glass house was designed and built as a secret cold war bunker for government officials in the event of a nuclear attack. it took two years to renovate the property in chislehurst, south east london, and is now up for sale for £3.5million. the property boasts five bedrooms, a swimming pool, a games room, games room and a roof terrace. the bunker was built in 1951 and was abandoned after the cold war and fell into disrepair.
cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop along ygnacio valley road in walnut creek. one man distracts a cashier at the window while another hooks up a cable to the atm. two of the suspects have been described as white males.
tyler macniven, who won the ninth season of the amazing race, filmed a save the date video for his upcoming wedding. the video shows him and his fiancee kelly hennigan battle friends and escape from an explosion. the couple's wedding will be on september 26, 2015.
alliss, 84, has said legislation designed to stop golf clubs discriminating against female members has prompted a decline in women's membership. he claims ladies' golf union has lost 150,000 members since equality for women came in. but the union says there has only been a decline of 30,000 since the law came into force.
manuel pellegrini's manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at selhurst park on monday. the last four premier league champions have all left their jobs by the following year. jose mourinho, carlo ancelotti, roberto mancini and sir alex ferguson all won the league title. three of the managers to have won the premier league have been sacked and one retired.
arsene wenger was quizzed about per mertesacker's 'live' team talk at thursday's pre-liverpool press conference. a journalist asked wenger about an april fools' day gag. mailonline ran a story stating that per would be giving a live team talk. the story was a hoax and wenger and the assembled press burst into a fit of laughter.
everton stars leighton baines and luke garbutt visited alder hey children’s hospital on wednesday. the duo handed out easter eggs to the young patients and their families. everton face southampton in the premier league on saturday.
oscar posted a picture of him drinking from a bottle of sweets on his instagram account. the chelsea star is currently in good form ahead of saturday's clash with stoke at stamford bridge. juventus scouts were at the stade de france to watch oscar in action.
carlisle united lost 3-1 at accrington stanley in league two on saturday. keith curle's side are without a win in five games. the cumbrian boss believes some players 'don't deserve to be professionals'   the 51-year-old is considering staging an open forum for the club's supporters.
yaya toure was accused by jamie carragher of ducking out of the way of jason puncheon's free-kick at selhurst park. manchester city lost 2-0 to crystal palace in the premier league on monday night. sportsmail's caragher accused toure of shying away from his duties in the wall.
charllie sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading's madejski stadium during fa cup quarter final replay last month. he did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards. he is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. sumner said he has no regrets and that his family had'seen the funny side' of the incident.
arsenal playmaker mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter relaxing with his dog after returning home. ozil was on international duty as germany beat georgia 2-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday. the german star has been in fine form since returning from injury for arsenal. the gunners face liverpool in the premier league at the weekend.
lionel messi should be fit to play for barcelona's trip to celta vigo on sunday, according to gerard pique. the forward suffered a foot injury in barca's 2-1 win over real madrid last month. messi didn't feature in either of argentina's recent friendlies.
fifa chairman greg dyke was given a parmigiani watch as a gift at the world cup last summer. dyke initially refused to return the watch and promised to donate it to the fa's official charity partner, breast cancer care. after six months of legal wrangling, dyke has returned the watch.
tyler walker scored his first senior goal for nottingham forest against brentford on monday. the 18-year-old striker is son of former england defender des walker. dougie freedman believes walker can play for the club for years to come. walker has played 56 minutes of his senior career so far. his dad des has scored just once in 408 games for forest.
peter alliss said bbc should have tried harder to win the rights to the open championship. veteran broadcaster claimed gender equality laws have 'b***** up the game' for a lot of people. bbc commentator also claimed bbc could not compete with sky sports. the 84-year-old said women's golf union has lost 150,000 members since laws.
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay, south of perth. he performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage. mr fraser performed the musical toast in place of their father who passed away. the crowd erupted into laughter throughout the performance.
david luiz went off after 35 minutes of paris saint-germain's 3-2 win over marseille with a hamstring injury. the brazilian defender could be a doubt for the champions league quarter-final against barcelona. psg face barcelona in the first leg of their semi-final on april 15.
john daniel tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left nelson on the tasman bay to travel north. john's brother tobias received a call from john saying he would be visiting his family in coming weeks. john was missing for 10 years and had never left the country. his family has hired investigators and police but he called his brother this week.
youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air. noah apparently started performing the 'circus act' when he was just one-month old. as he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright.
lucy garrod, 27, was left partially blind in her right eye after bacteria began growing underneath her contact lens. she had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problems. woke up one day with an itchy and irritable right eye, the size of a golf ball. tests showed she had an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion, caused by a bacterial infection. miss garrod spent a week in hospital and was told she was still partially blind. feared she would not be able to complete her photography degree, but learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with honours.
critters were filmed at indiana's indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. however, instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure. the zoo put on a range of final four activities ahead of tonight's ncaa championship game.
a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen. as the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg. when the first egg emerges she cries for joy and with the third she lets out a shriek. the video clip has been watched more than one million times.
video maker captured the storm engulfing a bridge and then a river in siberia's third largest city, krasnoyarsk. the snowstorm moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the yenisei river in a matter of seconds. warm weather is thought to have caused the freak weather event.
fritz the golden retriever from california appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills. the pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears trying to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth. the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead.
loushanna and shawn craig had gone to tenerife for three-day holiday but her biometric id card was stolen. she was refused to fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant. mother-of-four was marooned on the island for up to two weeks after returning home. mrs craig was meant to return to the uk on march 9 but only returned on march 24. she claims budget airline ryanair staff refused to let her fly home because she had the right documentation.
christopher dodd, 24, and fay purdham, 27, grew up together as best friends playing football and playstation. they lost touch as teenagers and lost touch for years after christopher moved away with his family. fay underwent gender reassignment surgery to become a woman at the age of 23. the pair reunited at mr dodd's 21st birthday party and are now planning their wedding.
world no 1 rory mcilroy practised at augusta national ahead of the masters. sir nick faldo gave the irishman a squeeze on the shoulder during monday's practice round. faldo is a three-time masters champion and has expressed concern that mcil troy is spending too much time in the gym. just 27 per cent of world no 1's fellow professionals think he will complete the career grand slam.
the hot air balloon collided with a transmission tower and crashed to the ground during a training session in russia. the balloon was carrying three people, all of whom survived the accident. the instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises. the filmmaker captured the moment the balloon collides with the side of the tower.
graeme mcdowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the masters at augusta national. the irishman has vowed to play 'aggressive' golf to help improve his poor masters record. the 35-year-old admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room at the long course.
tiger woods completed 11 holes of practice ahead of the masters at augusta national golf club on monday. the 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf. woods has not won a major since the 2008 us open in 2008. the 14-time major winner has started just two events in 2015 and missed the cut.
notts county have appointed ricardo moniz as their new manager. the former tottenham and hamburg coach has six games to save notts county from relegation to league two. dave kevan will be moniz's assistant at meadow lane. the magpies have been without a permanent manager since the departure of shaun derry on march 23.
alderholt, dorset residents awoke on sunday to find an easter egg on every doorstep. residents of the picturesque village described the deed as 'a wonderful act of random kindness'   residents described it as a 'lovely gesture' and said it has 'never happened before'
ben crenshaw will stand in for arnold palmer in the par-three competition at augusta national. palmer is unable to play because of a dislocated shoulder. the 85-year-old will be an honorary starter at the masters. jack nicklaus and gary player will also play alongside palmer.
dundee united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions. paul hartley's side face dundee united in the scottish premiership derby at dens park on wednesday. united are without a win in three matches and have lost to aberdeen and inverness. but hartly is not reading too much into his side's recent slide.
tim sherwood takes on his friend chris ramsey when aston villa play queens park rangers at villa park on tuesday. rangers will leapfrog villa if they win the premier league clash. ramsey was sherwood's closest lieutenant at tottenham last season. sherwood has vowed to give his pal the red-button treatment if he calls him ahead of the game.
tomas berdych defeated juan monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the miami open quarter-finals on wednesday. the czech eighth seed set up a rematch with andy murray in the semi-finals. berdych and murray met in the australian open semi-final of last year.
roger federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official twitter account. the world no 2 opted not to appear at the miami open this year as the 33-year-old aims to maintain his fitness. federer was wearing the scarf of fc basel, the football team he supports.
exeter chiefs beat newcastle falcons 48-13 in the european challenge cup quarter-final at sandy park. the chiefs set up a semi-final clash with gloucester at kingsholm in two weeks. exeter scored six tries to one against the falcons in the first leg of the clash.
lewis ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual at paul nicholls’ yard on thursday morning. the 18-year-old jockey survived a double somersault horror fall from merrion square at wincanton on wednesday. his fall has been watched by hundreds of thousands online.
the two-metre long reptile was filmed swallowing the rabbit at the top of a power pole. the video shows the lizard battling to swallow its prey in under a minute. goannas are found throughout most of australia and are prominent in aboriginal mythology.
saracens chairman nigel wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’    the north london club are being investigated by premier rugby for alleged salary cap breaches. the mail on sunday can reveal saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m - the most in rugby history. the employee wage bill ballooned to £9.1m last year despite investigation.
liam plunkett wants to use his pace to lead england to victory in the test series against west indies. the 29-year-old is fighting for a place in the england test side with chris jordan and mark wood. he has recovered from a minor ankle complaint and could feature in a warm-up game for england on monday.
martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad for their two-match series with england. the batsman has not represented the black caps at test level since the 2013 tour of england . mitchell santner is the only uncapped player in the one day international and t20 squads.
jonathan trott returned to the international scene after four years out with a stress-related condition. test captain alastair cook feels the batsman is ready for international cricket return. trott has been called up for the three-test tour of the caribbean. the 33-year-old has been in fine form for warwickshire.
alastair cook feared jonathan trott's international career was over 18 months ago. trott left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one test. but the batsman is ready for the 'pressure cooker' of international cricket. cook feels trott is ready to open the batting for england lions in west indies.
ben gibson became the youngest first-class cricketer in county history at the age of 15. barney gibson made his debut for yorkshire against durham university in 2011. the 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire from cricket.
the world endurance championship have announced there will be no more 'grid girls' before races. the decision by the fia is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport. current world champion anthony davidson has backed the decision. the wec chief executive gerard neveu announced the change at silverstone.
warwickshire batsman jonathan trott returns to the england set-up for the first time since taking a break with a stress-related illness. dr steve peters worked with the batsman and gave him the tools to return to the game. peters has worked with liverpool, ronnie o'sullivan and theengland football team.
moises henriques has signed a deal to play in the natwest t20 blast for surrey. the australian all-rounder will join after the indian premier league season. he will act as overseas cover for kumar sangakkara in the summer.
louis smith will represent great britain for first time since winning two medals at london 2012. smith won pommel horse silver and team bronze at the london games. he has been named in the squad for the european championships. the british gymnast competed for england at last year's commonwealth games.
john higgins defeated judd trump 5-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the china open. veteran scot will face defending champion and local favourite ding junhui in the last eight. world no 1 mark selby and world no 4 ding also moved into quarter finals.
west brom host queens park rangers at the hawthorns on saturday at 3pm. craig dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on wilfried bony. ben foster has been ruled out for six months with a knee injury. qpr boss chris ramsey has no fresh injury concerns ahead of the game.
jonas gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the newcastle side after twice surviving cancer. daryl janmaat's injury in the warm-up led to rumours of dave watson filling in. jack colback was not protected from the home fans' ire. dick advocaat won a derby in his second game in charge of sunderland.
matt upson is out of leicester city's clash with west ham united at the king power stadium. dean hammond is out and jeff schlupp could be rested by the foxes. winston reid returns from injury for the hammers at leicester. sam allardyce's side are unbeaten in their last seven premier league games against leicester .
kevin pietersen is set to play against oxford mccu in the parks in the county championship. it will be his first appearance since 2013 for surrey. the 34-year-old signed a new contract with surrey last month. he is hoping to press for an england recall.
bayern munich face borussia dortmund in der klassiker at signal iduna park on saturday evening. the two teams are separated by 31 points in the bundesliga. bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the table. but jurgen klopp's dortmund have slipped down the table this season. the derby was once the pinnacle of european football.
lyon moved back to the top of ligue 1 after a 3-1 victory at guingamp on saturday. it was lyon's first win in three and moved them back above paris st germain. alexandre lacazette scored a penalty in the victory for lyon. montpellier came from behind to beat bastia and move six points off the top. modibo maiga scored a hat-trick as metz beat relegation rivals toulouse 3-2. nice and evian drew 2-2 at the allianz riviera in battles for survival.
miralem pjanic scored in the 25th minute to end roma's four-month winless streak at home in serie a. roma keeper morgan de sanctis made a string of saves to deny napoli. napoli had failed to win at home for the fifth straight game in the league.
lee mcculloch was sent off during rangers' 2-1 victory against scottish championship winners hearts at ibrox on easter sunday. the gers captain apologised to staurt mccall and the players after the game. mccolloch was shown a straight red card for fouling osman sow .
david templeton will play for rangers against hearts at ibrox on sunday. rangers face runaway leaders hearts at murray park. hearts are 26 points clear of rangers at the top of the league table. templeton moved to rangers from govan in 2012. the winger has struggled to make an impact at the club.
real madrid thrash granada 9-1 at the bernabeu. cristiano ronaldo scores five goals. karim benzema, gareth bale and a diego mainz own goal also on target. robert ibanez scored a consolation for granada.
russian premier league match between arsenal tula and torpedo moscow stopped for seven minutes on sunday. fans from torpedo broke down barriers and threw chairs at police and stewards. after the incident, fights broke out between rival fans on the running track. torpedo won the match 3-1 and are currently 12th in the table.
west ham manager sam allardyce wants the club to qualify for europe through fair play rankings. the top three nations in uefa's rankings qualify for the europa league. west ham currently sit ninth in the premier league's respect and fair play table. allardyce insists he has not told his players to tone down their commitment.
david meyler is confident hull will remain in the premier league despite recent poor form. hull are currently in 15th place, three points off the relegation zone. steve bruce's side face swansea at the weekend. hull lost 3-2 at home to chelsea and are just three points above the drop zone.
arsenal host liverpool in the premier league on saturday at 12.45pm. everton travel to southampton in the other top flight fixture of the weekend. crystal palace host manchester city at crystal palace on monday night.    everton host southampton at the liberty stadium at 3pm on sunday.
real madrid boss carlo ancelotti has seven players in his starting line-up for game against granada. james rodriguez is set to be left out of his preferred 4-3-3 formation. paris saint-germain's 3-2 win at marseille is an indictment at the improvement of ligue 1. corriere dello sport report on the internal struggles at fallen giants inter milan.
manchester united striker robin van persie is out of manchester united's clash with aston villa at old trafford. skipper ron vlaar is expected to return to the aston villa squad after recovering from a calf injury. chris smalling is a doubt for the red devils but luke shaw has recovered from injury.
kolo toure says raheem sterling could end up on the bench at a big club if he leaves liverpool. jack rodwell and scott sinclair both left manchester city after struggling at the club. sterling turned down a new deal at liverpool this week. toure compared sterling's situation to that of rodwell's and sinclair's at manchester. he says liverpool is the best place for sterling to stay and continue his development as a player.
chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break. everton lead the post-international premier league table with three wins from three after the break. six premier league clubs are still chasing their first win after an international break this season. manchester united and manchester city are the only other teams to be unbeaten. the premier league returns on saturday after the fourth international break of the season.
it is eight years since an english club has won the heineken cup in european rugby. toulon are the bookies' favourites to win the premiership title this season. northampton, saracens, bath and wasps are all in the last eight of the champions cup. the aviva premiership sides are all away from home this weekend.
top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12. chris coleman's side are top of the group b table on goal difference. it is understood the wales squad prefer to play at the stadium rather than the millennium stadium.
mark hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window. stoke manager wants to sign goalkeeper asmir begovic to agree a new contract. begovic is out of contract at the end of next season and could be targeted by other clubs. hughes has spent £6million since taking over at stoke city.
raheem sterling said in an interview he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool. sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal. liverpool fans have a mantra that no player is bigger than the club. if sterling moves to arsenal then it would not go down well with fans. he has the potential to be worth more than the £100,000-a-week contract.
raheem sterling rejected liverpool's contract offer of £100,000-a-week. the 20-year-old says he wants to finish out the season and focus on winning trophies. england winger says he is not a money-grabbing player. sterling has been linked with moves to arsenal, barcelona and real madrid.
cosmin moti connects cleanly with stefan nikolic's rib cage but referee waves play on. the ludogorets defender was not sent off for the tackle on cska sofia player. moti saved two penalties during a champions league play off against steaua bucharest.
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. the 20-year-old has revealed that he will wait until summer before making a decision on his future. sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season. the england forward is in position to reject contract offers of £100,000 per week from liverpool.
raheem sterling is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield. manager brendan rodgers says he is'relaxed' about the 20-year-old's future. rodgers confirms that sterling will not be going anywhere this summer. the manager says sterling's tv interview was conducted without the consent of the club. anfield host arsenal at arsenal on saturday afternoon.
stoke striker bojan krkic has picked his premier league team of the season. bojan is recovering from a serious knee injury which ended his debut season with stoke. the striker has been keeping a close eye on the premier league as he recovers in barcelona. john terry, ryan shawcross, eden hazard and alexis sanchez all feature in bojan's team.
ben hiscox, 30, was playing a home game for stoke gifford united in bristol when he slid off the pitch after being tackled. he was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care after hitting clubhouse wall. striker was unconscious for five minutes and was rushed to southmead hospital. but three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital. mr hiscox was described by his club as a 'total legend'
brian o'driscoll was in hong kong this week working as an ambassador for hsbc. picture of him crowd surfing went viral on social media. irish rugby legend's wife amy huberman caught wind of the picture. she posted a picture of her husband while he was away on a business trip. she asked him to get a giant toblerone from the duty free.
raheem sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool. the 20-year-old says he would have signed a less lucrative deal last year. sterling says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber. liverpool boss brendan rodgers must convince sterling to sign a new deal at anfield.
raheem sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract at liverpool. the 20-year-old has been linked with a move away from anfield. brendan rodgers insists sterling will still be a liverpool player next season. the reds lost 4-1 at arsenal on saturday in the fa cup. rodgers believes sterling can fulfill his potential at anfield over the next few years.
arsene wenger only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the game. the arsenal manager has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his team. wenger says he agonises over the selection all week and has eight or nine players in his head. the frenchman has taken charge of 1,056 matches since 1996.
richard henyekane dies in a car crash while driving in south africa. he was on loan at free state stars from mamelodi sundowns. 31-year-old striker was traveling with four other people in the vehicle. made nine appearances for south af africa in 2009.
darren bent is on loan at derby county from aston villa park. the former england striker has scored seven goals in the championship this season. paul lambert was sacked by aston villa in february after two-and-a-half years at the club. bent said discussions have taken place with villa about a return to villa.
argentina beat ecuador 2-1 at the metlife stadium in new jersey on tuesday night. manchester city forward sergio aguero opened the scoring for argentina after eight minutes. miller bolanos equalised for ecuador before javier pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute. gerardo martino's side continued their copa america warm-up without captain lionel messi.
rory mcilroy believes jeff knox reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. knox answered the call from tiger woods to play a practice round at the masters. the world no 1 is favourite to win the masters this week at the club. mcil troy played with knox when he was first man out in the third round last year.
danny lennon has left his role as interim scotland under 21 manager. the former st mirren boss looks set to take over at scottish championship club alloa athletic. paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since barry smith resigned.
jb holmes won the houston open after two play-off holes. overnight leader jordan spieth was eliminated on the first hole. johnson wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out on the second hole. holmes began the day six shots off the lead but stormed up the leaderboard.
kelvin day is three shots behind the leaders at the shell houston open. he is playing in his first pga tour event and is in with a chance of making the masters. jordan spieth leads the way on 14 under after two rounds. phil mickelson and paul casey are also in the leaders' group.
first utility announce new format for player of the month award. fans will be asked to vote for the league's outstanding player each month. paul aiton, danny brough, matt russell and albert kelly on the shortlist for march's award. first utility and league weekly and the fans will work together.
tiger woods confirmed his participation at the masters at augusta next week. phil mickelson is one shot behind leader andrew putnam at the houston open after rounds of 66 and 67. justin rose continued his upturn in form with a round of 68. lee westwood is out of the masters after two rounds of 71 at the waste management open.
danny willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win the masters since fuzzy zoeller in 1979. the yorkshireman is renting two houses in augusta with his wife and family for the week. he insists he is preparing to emerge victorious in the first major of 2015.
michael carrick has played for england for 13 years, 310 days. sir stanley matthews reached 22 years, 228 days. carrick made his england debut against italy on tuesday night. the 33-year-old is the longest-serving outfield player to represent the three lions.
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a barbados beach. the hull manager was snapped holidaying with alan shearer. bruce was baffled that anyone would be interested in pictures of a 55-year-old on a beach.   bruce fells his former club manchester united should do more to produce young english players.
greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12. five former england managers have signed a letter to the fa chairman. graham taylor, glenn hoddle, kevin keegan, steve mcclaren and sven-goran eriksson back the proposal. only 81 of the 220 premier league players are eligible for england selection.
mauricio pochettino wants to meet with the fa before making a decision on harry kane's involvement in the u21 european under 21 championship. tottenham have major concerns about the striker playing in the summer. kane will be available for the competition in the czech republic.
arsene wenger admits he is concerned by theo walcott's confidence after his performance for england. walcott was replaced after 55 minutes of england's 1-1 draw against italy on tuesday. the gunners winger could face liverpool on saturday with alex oxlade-chamberlain injured and danny welbeck a doubt. wenger says he will speak with walcott but believes theo is'strong enough'
chelsea are poised to join the battle for liverpool wideman raheem sterling. premier league leaders chelsea have made discreet overtures about the 20-year-old striker. but liverpool manager brendan rodgers insists the striker is 'going nowhere' this summer. sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract.
the dog was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in cass county, north dakota. he needed more than 50 stitches after being stabbed with an eight inch blade. wilford is on the road to recovery after being nursed back to health by a foster family.
sir alex ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the manchester united hotseat between 1986-2013. the 73-year-old revealed he had to change his everyday habits as he got older in management. ferguson won 38 trophies during his time in the red devils hotseat .
raheem sterling has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week at liverpool. the 20-year-old was named liverpool's young player of the year for 2013-14. sterling has scored just six goals for liverpool so far this season. michael owen, steven gerrard, steve mcmanaman and robbie fowler were all high achievers when they were 20. brendan rodgers insists that sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window.
david luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring during paris saint-germain's game against marseille on sunday. the brazilian defender will miss the champions league quarter-final clash with barcelona. the 27-year-old will be out of action for at least four weeks.
teofil brank, better known by his stage name jarec wentworth, was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles. investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim. he faces up to two years in jail over the blackmail charges.
sam tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors after feeling homesick. the england full-back will leave the club at the end of the season. tomkins says it would 'be nice' to return to his former club wigan but he is exploring other options. the 26-year-old spent five years with wigan and has an option to re-sign.
neil phillips was the team doctor for england at the 1966 world cup. sir alf ramsey promoted him to senior team doctor just before the tournament. dr phillip was also england's doctor for the defence of the jules rimet trophy in 1974. he has died at the age of 83.
the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes. barred from bringing their cell phones on to the georgia course. fans have adapted by using pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses.
four in 10 households now own one tablet, with a fifth of homes owning two or more. smartphones are the most popular item, with an average of 1.7 per household. laptops are second, followed by tablets and laptops. digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion in the last year.
mark clattenburg will officiate the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday. the english referee has sent off three players from united and city this season. the 40-year-old has only shown only two red cards this season, both to united players. city and belgium captain vincent kompany was sent off during the international break.
adam mcburney has been capped for the ireland under-20s and recently played in six nations campaign. he was not at home when a gunman fired multiple bullets through the windows of his home in county antrim, northern ireland. police are appealing for witnesses to the incident on easter sunday. bullets were fired at the windows and embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls of the property. mrmcburney, who lives at the home with his brother shane, 20, is deemed a bright prospect for irish rugby.
tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son drew an unflattering portrait of her. the 40-year-old former channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing. oldfield was motivated to lose weight by her two children, harry, 4, and bert, 2. she underwent liposuction surgery to remove 5.5 litres of fat from her body. the mum-of-two said she hated looking at pictures of herself due to the weight she gained since having children.
juan mata says manchester united need to take every game as a 'final'   louis van gaal's side have won five premier league games in a row after beating aston villa. united are currently above manchester city by one point in the table. the spaniard says his side must look at the next seven games as 'finals'
francis bakvis discovered a dead scrub python which contained the remains of his pet cat tiger. the 16-year-old cat tiger had been missing for three days. the three metre long snake was found in the yard of his home in clifton beach, northern queensland. the family pet was discovered in the stomach of a 3.5 metre long python.
celebrity chef momin hopur spent five hours cooking the camel at the apricot tourism festival in jining, northwest china. the roast was prepared by the fourth-generation grill master and took five days to build the special kiln. the camel was coated in a yellow marinade before being roasted in a six-metre-tall tandoor kiln . hopur is to transport 20 more camels to the festival to feed the crowd.
south american duo radamel falcao and sergio aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors puma. manchester united face manchester city at old trafford on sunday in the manchester derby. the two players battle it out in a cage style match in the video. manuel pellegrini's side travel to old traffords looking to secure a champions league place.
dayna dobias, 19, from downers grove, illinois was born with cerebral palsy. she hopes to inspire others with her dancing videos. the teen has created a video to counteract stereotypes held by people over disabilities. dayna is hoping to change the way people with disabilities are represented.
the father, 24, and other family members say that they did not know the toddler was in the driveway. the incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed. the girl was going to turn two this weekend. police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood.
lydia kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the mcdonald's drive-through in leesburg, florida. she said she had three beers, but a sobriety test showed her to be three times the legal limit. police say she revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell for her to move forward. kel m was charged with dui and booked into the lake county jail.
travis hatfield, 21, from gilbert, west virginia sung a george jones song to his 47-year-old uncle, jamie joe cline, who has down syndrome. the video of the two of them has gone viral with more than 410,000 views. uncle jamie lives with travis after his parents died.
luis figo does not believe all 54 votes from african football will go to sepp blatter in the presidential elections. the former portugal international is running for president of fifa. issa hayatou has declared africa's support for blatter's re-election. figo, prince ali bin al hussein and michael van pragg are opposing.
dashcam footage, shared by dailymotion.com user vidsking, shows a giant st. bernard dog running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child trailing behind. the young boy is pulled along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
real madrid travel to rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday night. cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real's 9-1 win against granada at the weekend. the 30-year-old takes his tally to 36 goals in the league so far this season.    lionel messi's omission from the starting line-up against almeria could be 'cruel'   edinson cavani is being linked with a move to ac milan from paris saint-germain.
vincent kompany believes a win against manchester united will help rectify manchester city's season. manuel pellegrini's side are under pressure after a disappointing season. the city captain believes that a win at home to rivals manchesterunited will help'rectify' their season.   manuel pellegrine could be replaced as manager in the summer.
christian benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for aston villa at queens park rangers. charlie austin scored late on for qpr. tim sherwood was disappointed with the point after his side dominated the game. qpr head coach chris ramsey called bentekes a 'formidable player'
world no 1 rory mcilroy has backed amateur champion bradley neil to turn professional. the 19-year-old scot won the amateur championship at royal portrush last year. neil admits he may turn professional before september's grand slam at royal lytham.
british airways, easyjet, ryanair and flybe among airlines set to cancel flights over three days of disruption. french air traffic controllers' union sncta set to strike from 5am today. new passport regulations could also cause chaos for holidaymakers travelling abroad.
new york city police are searching for a man who was caught on a surveillance camera dumping an unconscious woman on a street in queens. the video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30am saturday. the woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness. police have released a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her.
colin graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ecb chairman. the incoming chairman has been responsible for the mixed messages from the england team. graves has been linked with a return to the national side for kevin pietersen. graves is yet to take up office as chairman of the ecb.
andy murray faces tomas berdych in the semi-final of the miami open in miami. british no 1 beat the czech at the same stage of the australian open in january. fitness trainer jez green and coach danny vallverdu left murray's team to join tomas' team. there is no love lost between the two players.
greg gibbins, 28, was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza shop in toukley on the central coast, nsw on easter monday. police have charged a 20-year-old man with murder of the rugby league player. it is believed he helped a woman when she was being harassed earlier in the night. he was treated at the scene before he went into cardiac arrest but later died in hospital. bradley james brooks was arrested and charged with murder on monday night. police believe the attack was 'unprovoked'
john isner beat kei nishikori 6-4, 6-3 in straight sets at the miami open. isner is the first american to reach the semi finals in miami since 2011. andy murray takes on tomas berdych in the other semi final.
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford in the premier league on sunday. phil jones hopes manchester united 'turn up and play their football'   louis van gaal's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins and sit third in the table.
carla suarez navarro will play either simona halep or serena williams in the final of the miami open on saturday. the spaniard beat andrea petkovic 6-3, 6-3 in the semi-final at crandon park tennis center. the 12th-seed didn't face a single break point in the match.
lee lewis ferguson has just a cut on his nose to show for his spectacular double somersault fall at wincanton. the 18-year-old amateur jockey was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion. ferguson was back riding out at paul nicholls' yard on thursday morning.
rory mcilroy is bidding to complete the career grand slam at the masters. the world no 1 insists he has arrived at augusta national ready to compete. all eyes have been on tiger woods' comeback after two months on the sidelines. the northern irishman has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at the tournament.
jonjo o'neill's horse shutthefrontdoor is favourite for the crabbie's grand national at aintree on april 11. jockey ap mccoy has not decided whether he will ride the horse in the race. shutthe frontdoor is in great form and is the favourite to win.
marcelo bosch kicked the winning penalty as saracens beat racing metro 12-11 in the champions cup quarter-final. racing metro came from 11-11 down to win the game at the stade yves-du-manoir. director of rugby mark mccall was surprised to see bosch kick the penalty.
matt prior has not played since july, when he lost his england place because of an achilles injury. head coach mark robinson says prior is 'pretty much out indefinitely'   prior admitted he may never play test cricket for england again after his injury.
world no 1 mark selby beat gary wilson 10-2 in the final of the baic motor china open on sunday. the leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to earn his sixth ranking title and £85,000.
marcelo bosch kicked the match-winning penalty with 10 seconds left on the clock to send saracens through to the champions cup semi-finals. racing metro 92 were knocked out of the competition. maximeaud scored the only try of the game for the visitors in the first half. charlie hodgson kicked the first penalty of the match for saracen.
bafetimbi gomis scored a spectacular overhead kick to give swansea a 2-0 lead in the first half. paul mcshane pulled a goal back for hull five minutes into the second half. david meyler was sent off for fouling kyle naughton two minutes later. hull remain bottom of the premier league after losing their fifth game in a row.
wisconsin ended kentucky's bid to become the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years. frank kaminsky scored 20 points as the badgers beat the wildcats 71-64 in the semi-finals of the ncaa tournament. wisconsin will play duke in the final of the tournament. duke beat michigan state 81-61 in the earlier semi-final at the lucas oil stadium.
tottenham striker harry kane was captain for tottenham hotspur in the premier league match against burnley at turf moor. kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days. mauricio pochettino's side failed to score a goal in the match.
tom daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win olympic gold at the 2016 rio de janiero games. daley has spent the winter modifying the plunge with his new coach jane figueiredo. the 20-year-old says he is enjoying diving more than ever after relocating from plymouth to london.
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start. the japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds ahead of james ellison. defending champion shane byrne completed the front row of the grid.
esteban cambiasso says keeping leicester in the premier league will feel like winning a trophy. the foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table. the former inter milan midfielder signed for the east midlands in the summer. the argentinian midfielder has won 15 trophies during his illustrious career.
win a pair of nike magista obra boots signed by manchester city and england goalkeeper joe hart. the prize winner will also receive a gillette fusion proglide razor and shaving foam. the competition closes on sunday april 19.
graziano pelle has not scored in his last 13 premier league games for southampton. the italy striker scored against england in a 1-1 friendly draw on tuesday. pelle remains confident despite not scoring in the league since december 20. the 29-year-old scored eight goals in his first 17 league games.
walter smith called stuart mccall on the day he took over at ibrox to warn him not to take the rangers job. rangers boss says he was warned by the nine-in-a-row boss about taking the job. but he insists he has made the right decision after winning last three games in a row. stuart mccall's new side beat hearts 2-1 on sunday to move second in the scottish championship.
vincent duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury . the france international suffered a ruptured tendon in the dragons' defeat at hull fc. duport scored three tries in the first six rounds of super league xx.
roy keane gave a controversial team talk to sunderland players during the 2007-08 premier league season. danny higginbotham describes it as 'one of the most bizarre' in his new autobiography. keane told his players to 'just enjoy being s***' in the changing room at aston villa. the former manchester united defender played under keane for a season at black cats.
manchester city have not won a premier league game having trailed at half-time in almost 20 years. manuel pellegrini's side lost 2-1 to crystal palace at crystal palace on monday night. the last time man city managed to win having been in a losing position in the premier league was in april 1995. city beat blackburn rovers 3-2 having been 2-2 down at the interval in the league. city have spent five seasons out of the top-flight since that game.
memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the nba's southwest division with a 100-92 win over oklahoma city on friday. san antonio beat denver 123-93 to stay within two games of the no 2 playoff seed. brooklyn nets beat toronto 114-109 as deron williams scored a season-high 31 points. chicago bulls beat detroit pistons 88-82 and milwaukee beat boston 110-101.
tiger woods has returned to action ahead of the masters 2015 at augusta national golf club. the former world no1 took a break from golf to work on his game and rediscover form. woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice. woods' long-term girlfriend lindsey vonn was also joined on the course by the american.
bayern munich take on bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final on wednesday. arjen robben, franck ribery, david alaba and bastian schweinsteiger are all ruled out. pep guardiola believes jerome boateng is one of the top three centre backs in world football.
daryl janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite suffering a suspected calf muscle tear. newcastle lost 1-0 to sunderland in the tyne-wear derby at the stadium of light on sunday. the holland full-back admitted newcastle's performance wasn't good enough. john carver's men have lost five consecutive league games in the derby.
world no 1 rory mcilroy is playing in his first major of the year at augusta national. ian poulter forgot his golf clubs at the start of the tournament. tiger woods will be accompanied by his children for the first time in over a decade. henrik stenson is recovering from a bout of flu. gene sarazen's albatross is the most famous shot in the masters history.
per mertesacker says arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' to the club after heavy defeats last season. arsene wenger's side were thrashed 6-3 by manchester city and 5-1 by liverpool. the german defender says confrontation is key to a teams mentality. arsenal face liverpool at the emirates on saturday.
the 79th masters gets underway at augusta national on thursday. tiger woods returns to action for the first time since february. bubba watson is the defending champion at the year's first major. rory mcilroy is bidding to become the sixth man in history to win career grand slam.
amir khan has held talks with adrien broner ahead of a possible summer fight. broner urges khan to make the fight happen on facetime. khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently. british rival kell brook is also on khan's agenda for a bout.
amir khan has announced his next fight will be against chris algieri at welterweight on may 30. the bolton fighter had been under pressure to fight kell brook in june. khan hopes to fight former light-welterweight world champion in his home city of new york.   khan was also linked with bouts against adrien broner and keith thurman.
justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the shell houston open. phil mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 at the masters. paul threesy celebrated his last masters invitation with a 68.
lionel messi had a light training session at barcelona on thursday ahead of sunday's trip to celta vigo. the argentina forward has recovered from his foot injury. messi trained alongside compatriot javier mascherano as he recovers from the injury. barcelona face celt vigo at the balaidos stadium on sunday.
rory mcilroy is hoping to complete the career grand slam of majors at augusta later this month. the world number one believes it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win all four major titles. he is looking to become just the sixth player to win all three of the major titles . the 25-year-old has revealed his final-round collapse at the masters was the most important day of his career.
freddie roach has blasted floyd mayweather snr calling him a 'terrible cornerman' ahead of manny pacquiao's mega-fight. mayweather jnr faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2. but the elder mayweather insists 'he can say what he wants'    mayweather has refused to respond to roach's criticism and said he will be leaving his son to do the talking.
erik compton, 35, is set to make his first appearance at the masters this week. the veteran has had two heart transplants. a first heart transplant at 12, then a second in 2008 after a major heart attack. compton wants to focus on the week ahead, rather than his journey.
jason dufner and wife amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf. the pair separated in february and the divorce was finalised on march 31. amanda has been awarded $2.5million as part of the settlement. jason and amanda divorced after a breakdown of the marriage.
lydia ko finished the first round at the ana inspiration with a 1-under 71 at the mission hills tournament. the 17-year-old equalled former world no 1 annika sorenstam's record of 29 under par rounds in a row at the lpga tour event. the new zealand star shot her 29th consecutive round under par at the event.    ko saved par on the par-4 seventh and carded a birdie on the 16th at the california event.
yannick bolasie has dazzled for the eagles since alan pardew took over in january. the winger has been watched by liverpool and newcastle this season. pardew is convinced yannick will learn from wilfried zaha's mistakes and not jump ship. zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years.
pavel pogrebnyak opened the scoring for reading after only four minutes against cardiff. cardiff equalised in the 90th minute through conor mcaleny at the madejski stadium. reading face arsenal in the semi-final of thefa cup at wembley on april 18.
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday night. steven gerrard will miss the game because of suspension. robbie fowler says liverpool's players must not focus on captain steven . fowler has also urged raheem sterling to stay at anfield to develop his game.
benik afobe opened the scoring for wolves from the penalty spot in the 46th minute at nottingham forest. bakary sako doubled wolves' advantage from the spot after he was fouled by forest's henri lansbury. forest striker gary gardner equalised for the visitors in the 72nd minute. but blackstock scored a late goal to seal a 2-1 win for wolves at the city ground.
liverpool host blackburn rovers in the fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday night. blackburn were thrashed 5-0 by manchester city in a replay last season. tom cairney has sympathy for liverpool's raheem sterling's contract negotiations. the blackburn midfielder will face sterling at ewood park.
elliot minchella has joined london broncos on loan from leeds until the end of the season. the 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute appearances for leeds this season. he is set to make his debut against featherstone on friday.
stuart mccall's ibrox beat championship winners hearts 2-1 on sunday night. rangers moved into second place in the league after the victory. captain lee mcculloch was sent off for an elbow on osman sow . genero zeefuik scored a late consolation for robbie neilson's men.
monaco drew 0-0 at home to montpellier in ligue 1 clash at stade louis ii. monaco remain in fourth spot, two points behind third-place marseille in the table. visitors missed a penalty early in the second half and lucas barrios missed from the spot. second-division auxerre beat french cup holder guingamp 1-0 to reach the final.
hugo lloris will miss sunday's premier league game against burnley after injuring his knee against leicester city. the goalkeeper was injured in a collision with team-mate kyle walker. mauricio pochettino could be without striker roberto soldado at turf moor. harry kane is one of four players who will return after playing for england against italy.
blackburn rovers face liverpool in the fa cup sixth-round replay at ewood park on wednesday. gary bowyer has challenged jordan rhodes to become an fa cup hero. blackburn boss believes the striker can score the winner for his side. bowyer believes his side will be buoyed by the 'extra 20,000 people' at the stadium.
manuel pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle at crystal palace on monday. manchester city manager does not want his side to lose more ground in the premier league title race. chelsea extended their lead at the top of the barclays premier league on saturday. city face crystal palace at selhurst park in the manchester derby.
eden hazard, mesut ozil and joey barton feature in this week's premier league team of the day. tim howard put in a man of the match performance for everton against southampton. phil jagielka scored the winner in the 1-0 win at southampton . willian, loic remy and eden hazard also feature in the list.
playing video games may not only improve the ability to perform visual tasks, but also the learning ability for those skills. research was carried out by scientists at brown university in rhode island. research found that gaming boosts the ability of people to learn a number of tasks more accurately. but the researchers note they are not quite sure if gaming makes people learn skills better.
barcelona star neymar feels his team's champions league tie with paris saint-germain will prove a real'spectacle'   the brazil international is expecting more fireworks following barca's win over manchester city in the last 16 of the competition. barcelona and psg meet on april 15 in the french capital.
andros townsend scored england's equaliser in 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night. sky sports pundit paul merson criticised townsend's call-up to the england squad last week. townsend hit back at merson's criticism on twitter after the match. the tottenham hotspur winger admitted he was 'delayed' by the response from merson.
joe allen believes liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons. liverpool lost 2-0 to man united at anfield in the premier league two weeks ago. allen has been given an opportunity with captain steven gerrard no longer an automatic choice. the midfielder admits the challenge of playing for liverpool felt a little too big at times.
mike brown admits he is unsure when he will return to action for harlequins. the england full back pulled out of the match against saracens last weekend. george north has been advised not to play again after suffering four quick-fire concussions. brown was knocked out cold in england's 47-17 victory over italy in february.
jack johnson beat tommy burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908. johnson was the first ever black world heavyweight champion. it took six years for white america to find a challenger to unseat johnson. jess willard defeated johnson over 26 rounds in april 1915.
agent mino raiola said he would have never sanctioned romelu lukaku’s £28million move to everton last summer. the striker is only one season into a five-year contract at the club. roberto martinez will hold talks with the striker after the striker's agent suggested he could leave.
lauren hill, 19, was diagnosed with dipg (diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent during her senior year of high school. her doctor told her she would not live past december. she made it through a full season with mount st. joseph university's women's basketball team while raising more than $1.5 million for cancer research. hill has a new goal of raising $2.2 million for treatment and research.
adam lyth is one of six yorkshire players in the england squad for the first test in antigua. lyth scored 49 runs for yorkshire against the mcc in the champion county match last month. the batsman is competing with jonathan trott to be alastair cook's opening partner.
manchester city lost 2-1 at crystal palace in the premier league at selhurst park. glenn murray and jason puncheon scored for the eagles. manuel pellegrini's side lost ground on league leaders chelsea. crystal palace boss alan pardew had lost his last eight league games against city.
jason puncheon appeared to be struck by an object during crystal palace's 2-1 win over manchester city at selhurst park. the midfielder was making his way to take a corner when he was hit by a maoam sweet. puncheon scored the winning goal for the eagles in the second half. the 28-year-old sarcastically claps in the direction of the travelling city fans after the incident.
the university, in ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on march 21. the married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****'   at least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before he was escorted out of the bar. jans recently led the team to its first postseason win in 40 years.
mesut ozil missed arsenal's premier league win at newcastle due to illness. ozil was spotted in a berlin nightclub hours after the game. arsene wenger has chosen not to sanction ozil for going to a friend's birthday. danny welbeck could return to the arsenal side for saturday's showdown with liverpool after a knee injury. alex oxlade-chamberlain has returned to training after injury.
eight teams are in the european rugby champions cup semi-finals. leinster face bath, clermont face northampton, racing metro face saracens and wasps face toulon. clermons are the defending champions of the competition. northampton are currently fifth in the aviva premiership.
harry kane will play for england's under 21 team at this summer's european championships. roy hodgson confirmed the news after holding talks with gareth southgate. ross barkley and raheem sterling are excused from the championships.
andros townsend hailed harry kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with for england. townsend scored england's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night. kane made his england debut as a substitute against lithuania on friday. the tottenham hotspur midfielder insists he has always told people that kane is the best finisher.
alexis sanchez has impressed for arsenal this season following his £30million switch from barcelona. pasquale marino brought sanchez into the udinese first team in 2008. marino believes sanchez is capable of scoring 35 goals in any league he's played in. sanchez found it difficult when he had to be rested for arsenal's matches with aston villa and tottenham.
the bird was filmed in north vancouver and gives a football a peck before enjoying a kick-about. the eagle rolls the ball and jumps up on it with both feet and causes it to move. members of the north shore football team's training session can be heard laughing at the bird's antics.
michael duff is the only survivor of burnley's championship promotion and premier league relegation sides. the 37-year-old defender faces tottenham in the premier league on sunday. duff has played in eight different divisions and is the second oldest outfield player in the league. the defender spent eight years with cheltenham town before joining burnley in 2004.
england's under 20s finished fourth in the toulon tournament last year. gareth southgate's squad will take part in the european under 21 championships. aidy boothroyd will lead the team this time in the tournament. the tournament runs from may 27 until june 7.
keith curle is one of only four former england players to currently manage in the football league. the carlisle manager insists football management was always his priority after his playing career. curle started his management career at mansfield and is currently in charge of league two club. the 51-year-old claims to have caught the management bug after playing for wolves.
rickie fowler's girlfriend, bikini model alexis randock, had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week. a troll called 'fatalsplash' accused her of being a 'gold digger' who didn't have to work. fowler quickly came to his girlfriend's defense and told the hater to 'get your facts straight'
on a catwalk in xi'an in china models strutted their stuff in gold underwear and a chain-mail shirt. it took 30 craftsmen three months to make the items which are worth around £40,000. it is thought the look is influenced by royal women in history. the event took place in the capital city of north-western china.
raheem sterling admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from arsenal as his contract talks are put on hold. brendan rodgers' side face top-four rivals arsenal at liverpool on saturday. rodgers insists that sterling is going nowhere at the club. the 20-year-old signed an unsigned £100,000-a-week contract with liverpool.
romelu lukaku has appointed agent mino raiola as his new agent at everton. there has been speculation that the striker could be set for a move away from the club. but roberto martinez is not concerned by the appointment of the italian middleman. martinez believes ross barkley will benefit from the difficult season he has had.
man turned a gun on himself at universal studios theme park in hollywood, california. he was standing in a smoking area behind the despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time. sheriff's department found the man dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. nobody else was injured in the shooting.
real madrid are prepared to wait until next summer to sign manchester united goalkeeper david de gea. louis van gaal is yet to sign a new deal at old trafford. real madrid want to sign petr cech, but are also interested in de gea. james rodriguez is set to return from injury for real on sunday. lionel messi's injury is still causing him problems, but he has 'overcome the pain' in spain.
john carver was assistant to former newcastle manager ruud gullit in 1999. gullit controversially decided not to start duncan ferguson and alan shearer in the derby against sunderland. newcastle lost 2-1 at st james' park. carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club on sunday.
manchester united manager louis van gaal says manchester united can still win the barclays premier league. united currently sit fourth in the premier league, eight points behind leaders chelsea.    robin van persie is still injured and is yet to return to the first team. united face aston villa at crystal palace on saturday.
frank lampard appeared on channel four's 'alan carr's chatty man' alongside denise van outen, noel fielding and lethal bizzle. the manchester city midfielder spoke of his support for gay footballers. lampard said he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out and be respected by the public. he believes the game is changing and losing its macho persona.
ryan bertrand has made 26 premier league appearances for southampton so far this season. the left back took to instagram to post a picture with his daughter and their matching ferraris. the 25-year-old left back has made his way back into the england squad.
dick advocaat insists he will not underestimate the significance of the old firm derby. the sunderland boss said it was just another game in 1998 when rangers were thrashed 5-1 by celtic . adam johnson could start for the first time in the derby against newcastle on sunday.
danny cipriani is currently relaxing on holiday in dubai before sale's last four aviva premiership games. sale sharks are currently seventh in the league standings. steve diamond's side face london irish, harlequins, newcastle and exeter. sale are out of contention in europe after a 23-6 victory against gloucester last saturday.
at 12, she became the youngest player to appear in the u.s women's open. will appear topless on the front of the may edition of golf digest - using only a towel to cover her torso. she appeared in the women's u.s. open when she was just 12. thompson turned professional in june 2010 at age 15 and has won six professional championships.
the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente, california was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969. nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks pacific ocean. he bought the home for $1.4million in 1969 and moved out in 1980. the house was then bought by political ally gavin s. herbert, the founder of the allergan pharmaceuticals company. it is now on sale for $75million.
newcastle host sunderland in the tyne-wear derby at st james' park on sunday. newcastle have lost the last four derbies at the stadium of light. ryan taylor says this could be his last derby. the 30-year-old has been a fan in the crowd during three of the last 4 defeats. taylor's current contract at newcastle is set to expire this summer.
remo midfielder ratinho sported his new hairstyle in the brazilian cup clash with atletico pr on thursday night. the 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football. ratinho's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike fromigor joao.
arsenal host champions league qualification rivals liverpool at the emirates on saturday afternoon. arsene wenger's side are third in the premier league and six points clear of fifth-placed liverpool. jack wilshere, danny welbeck and mikel arteta are back in training with the first team. theo walcott is concerned about his confidence after his performance for england in turin.
neymar and dani alves watched el clasico basketball match with barcelona team-mates. barcelona beat real madrid 85-80 in the euro league contest on thursday night. neymar's sister rafaella joined the barcelona forward and team-mate to watch the game. real mad madrid remain top of their euro league division.
arsenal manager arsene wenger is delighted alexis sanchez chose to join arsenal last summer. the chile forward was courted by a number of top clubs but chose to sign for the nou camp. sanchez has scored 19 goals for arsenal this season. wenger believes liverpool could have used their interest in sanchez as leverage during luis suarez's move to arsenal.
manchester united boss louis van gaal revealed he is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson soon. manchester united face aston villa on saturday in the premier league. a win for united could see them leapfrog manchester city into second place in the table.
courtney lawes made a trademark tackle on france fly-half jules plisson at twickenham last month. the england lock has been derided as a thug for the tackle. but lawes insists he is not concerned by the criticism. the saints face clermont auvergne in the champions cup quarter-final on saturday.
juan mata revealed wayne rooney regularly tells him england can win euro 2016 in france. mata has not played for spain since the 2014 world cup. manchester united captain believes england have the potential to win the tournament. rooney has scored 47 goals for england and is only two behind sir bobby charlton's record.
anthony joshua faces jason gavern at the newcastle metro arena on saturday night. gavern will be competing in his 50th professional bout while joshua will be fighting only his 11th. the british heavyweight believes his 'hunger and determination' will make up for gavern's experience. josua is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts while gavern is yet to go past round three.
raheem sterling and theo walcott are in the process of signing new contracts with their clubs. both wingers are in contract negotiations with liverpool and arsenal. walcott and sterling will face each other at the emirates on saturday. both players are in different places in their careers and have different styles.
sir alex ferguson has tipped barcelona's neymar to rival lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo as world's best player. the former manchester united boss believes the brazilian is the next star to reach the level of the pair. but ferguson says there is no standout player to rival messi or ron ronaldo at the moment.
spain lost 2-0 to holland in a friendly at amsterdam arena on tuesday night. vicente del bosque says his side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes. stefan de vrij and davy klaassen scored in the first four minutes for the dutch. spain boss was frustrated with his side's lack of composure in front of goal. malaga forward juanmi and sevilla winger vitolo made their international debuts for spain.
the 18-year-old inmate was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix, arizona, two weeks ago. he was in a psychiatric ward area of the jail where he was not authorized to be. officers approached the inmate and told him to go back to his cell. the inmate attacked two officers, one of whom was taken to the intensive care unit with brain bleeding and broken bones in his face. the unidentified inmate was eventually subdued by a group of officers.
zlatan ibrahimovic would have been idolised at marseille, according to former manager jose anigo. peter schmeichel believes man united should make a move for manchester united striker. anigo has compared the psg forward to eric cantona.
katie gallegos from clackamas county, oregon, decided to take cooper the dog to a mcdonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy. but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite. the video of cooper's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times.
cape verde beat portugal 2-0 in a friendly on tuesday night. cape verde are a tiny island off the west coast of africa with a population of just 500,000 people. every member of the squad plays club football outside of the island. they are the smallest nation ever to play in the africa cup of nations. nani and henrik larsson are among the star players of capeverde.
swimmer was in the water in florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a manatee floated past. the girl was filmed by friends on a nearby boat as she begged for help to escape the harmless sea cow. the video was taken with the help of a selfie-stick by a friend of the girl.
chinese man, known only as xu, bought a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties. he was desperate for a grandchild and tried to impregnate her himself. after six months, he realised she was likely to be infertile and sold her to another family. xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by police in eastern china.
radamel falcao has only scored four goals for manchester united this season. the colombian striker will consider his old trafford future at the end of this season . the striker has admitted to being upset by his lack of game time at the club. but he has scored three goals in two games for his country since the international break.
cardiff city will have no supporters present at saturday's championship game against leeds united at elland road. welsh club have thrown their backing behind a fans' boycott of the game. cardiff have handed back their allocation of 500 tickets for the 3pm kick-off. leeds fans were offered 2,200 tickets in the reverse fixture at the cardiff city stadium.
the 79th masters at augusta kicks off on thursday and begins on the eve of the grand slam.    rory mcilroy will begin his quest for a grand slam at the masters at the start of thursday. dustin johnson is the best american and paul casey the best european. phil mickelson is three-time masters champ and favourite to win the tournament.
stephen john docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at in the whakatane district court. mr docherty hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property. he was agitated when he returned to find the work wasn’t carried out to his specifications. he told the contractor he would rip the man’s penis off. the victim's scrotum was torn and he required surgery after the attack.
simba was rescued by firefighters in meckenheim, near bonn, germany, after a neighbour heard scratching in her newly refitted bathroom. owners lost their pet in early march and had looked everywhere for him. it is thought he crawled under the floor boards as the bathroom was being renovated.
santiago vergini is keen to stay at sunderland on a season-long loan deal from sport uruguay de coronado. the defender played in the 1-0 derby win over newcastle united on sunday. the 26-year-old says premier league survival could trigger the offer of a two-year permanent contract.
aritz aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for athletic bilbao against former club valencia . getafe move 10 points clear of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at elche. felipe caicedo scored twice for espanyol in a 3-0 defeat of villarreal.
black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia’s cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning. animal control officers were called out to coax the raccoon down from the flagpole.
keaway lafonz ivy, 21, who went by the stage name kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest while filming a music video in seat pleasant, maryland wednesday. police arrested and charged 21-year-old lafonzo leonard iracks with first-degree murder. ivy was shooting a rap video with 20 people when a gun being used as a prop went off, killing the aspiring rapper.
mi5 is giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas - known as ‘insiders’   one security source warned there is 'nothing you can do' to stop a rogue worker committing terrorism.   a ba pilot claims the airline does not carry out mental health checks on staff.
paramedics were called to a home in wagaman, northern darwin, at about 9pm on wednesday. the 38-year-old man chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle before lying down. his family called st john paramedics after he was hospitalised.
coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern mediterranean on saturday. new figures show increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the eu via italy in the first two months of the year. the migrants were rescued by two coast guard ships and one navy ship.
action shot was taken at estavayer-le-lac in switzerland where the latest water sports craze of jet surfing has taken off. jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg and are designed for travelling across water. the board looks like a futuristic hoverboard from the back to the future series.
ashley young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by neighbours manchester city. united have lost the last four derbies to city and have never lost five straight to their local rivals. united move above city for the first time this season after five straight league wins. city lost to crystal palace for the third time in five games on monday.
adian rodley was managing the winning horse of the $2 million australian derby at randwick. mongolian khan with new zealand jockey opie bosson took first place on monday. rodley didn't realise he was being filmed celebrating the outcome of the race. the trackside tv presntor has gone viral in a hilarious video.
the alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton led 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile. the native alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago. the bison were imported from canada to the alaska wildlife conservation center in 2008 but restoration of the species was delayed.
andy murray and novak djokovic reached the semi-finals of the miami open. briton andy murray will face tomas berdych in his semi-final after beating john isner. world no 1 djokovic beat david ferrer 7-5, 7- 5 in his quarter-final in miami. serena williams and carla suarez navarro will contest the women's final after beating simona halep .
tryster won the feature coral easter classic at lingfield. jockey william buick rode pretend to victory in the unibet sprint championship stakes. charlie appleby's godolphin stable dominated £1.1million all weather finals day. buick predicted great things to come from the four-year-old.
irish trainer robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light is a definite runner for the aintree grand national. jim culloty's lord windermere and spring heeled also confirmed as runners for irish challenge. joseph o'brien is set to ride for his father at cork on sunday afternoon.
ap mccoy will attempt to win the irish grand national on cantlow in his final race meeting in ireland. the 19-time champion jockey has vowed to retire if he wins saturday's crabbie's grand national at aintree. cantlow disputes favouritism for monday's race at fairyhouse. paul webber is praying the ground dries out further for cantlow.
saracens beat racing metro 12-11 in the european champions cup quarter-final on sunday. mark mccall's side will face clermont in the semi-final at st etienne's stade geoffroy-guichard on april 18. the saracens boss believes neutral territory offers saracens hope of reaching a second successive final.
new zealand international francis saili has signed a two-year deal to join munster. the 24-year-old utility back will link up with the province later this year. he has been capped twice by new zealand and was part of the under 20 side that won the junior championship in 2011.
bath lost 18-15 to leinster in the european champions cup quarter-final at dublin's aviva stadium. ian madigan kicked six penalties and a try for the english side. anthony watson believes the pain of the defeat will help bath in the premiership. george ford and stuart hooper scored tries for bath.
tiger woods says the par-3 contest is all about 'having fun, enjoying it and not winning'   woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004, and his children caddied for him. woods' girlfriend lindsey vonn was at his side as he played with his children charlie and sam.
jack grealish made his first premier league start for aston villa against qpr on tuesday night. the ireland under 21 international is renowned for wearing his socks low on the field. the teen wears children's shinpads and says he won't change his superstition.
tim bresnan last played in whites for england during the ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14. the yorkshire fast bowler is hoping to make a case for a return to the test squad. bres nan helped yorkshire win the lv county championship last season. the right-arm quick says he wants to get runs and wickets for yorkshire.
jonny bairstow made 98 and joe root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine at warner park. paceman stuart broad came through an injury scare after clutching his left ankle. jonathan trott opened the batting for st kitts & nevis but lasted just three balls.
almost 4,000 fans turned out to watch an open training session at goodison park on tuesday. roberto martinez's side prepare to face swansea city at the liberty stadium on saturday. romelu lukaku did not take part in the session. the toffees are in the bottom half of the premier league table.
crystal palace beat champions manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night. steve parish says alan pardew will have funds to improve squad in the summer. palace chairman wants to bring in extra investment to improve the club's infrastructure. palace have been targeted for a takeover by josh harris.
jack grealish saw villa lose twice at wembley in 2010 - in the league cup final and in the fa cup semi-final. villa lost to manchester united and chelsea at the national stadium . the 19-year-old made his first premier league start for aston villa against qpr on tuesday.
julian speroni has triggered a 12-month contract extension at crystal palace. the goalkeeper joined from dundee in july 2004 and will take his palace career into a 12th season. sperini's current deal will expire at the end of next season.
andy king scored an 86th minute winner for leicester city to earn a vital three points against west ham united at the king power stadium.    the welsh midfielder scored a late winner after esteban cambiasso opened the scoring for the foxes in the 12th minute. sam allardyce's side are currently seven points from safety at the bottom of the premier league table. west ham have not won away from home since december 2nd.
paul mcshane has told hull to wake up and realise they are in a relegation battle. hull lost 3-1 to swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday. hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league. hull's final seven games are against southampton, liverpool, arsenal, tottenham and manchester united.
haris vuckic is one of five newcastle players loaned to rangers from st james' park. the 22-year-old admits he is uncertain over his future with only 12 months left on his toon deal. the slovenia international has scored six goals in 10 games for the gers. vucksic believes rangers would be a 'good option' if newcastle let him leave.
james ward-prowse scored the winner in england u21s memorable 3-2 victory over germany. the 20-year-old is beginning to get noticed after starring for england and southampton. the talented midfielder has spent his career under the radar at southampton but is now a rising star. the midfielder made his debut for southampton in 2011 and is a free-kick specialist.
tony pulis believes joey barton 'probably had a point' when he said west brom's players's*** themselves' during defeat to queens park rangers in december. barton was speaking after brom were two goals up but lost 3-2 at home to qpr. albion boss pulis says barton is 'entitled to his views and opinions'
manchester united face manchester city in the manchester derby on sunday. radamel falcao believes sergio aguero is his side's biggest threat. argentina striker has scored six times against united since he joined city in 2011. the colombian striker was speaking at a puma event.
dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap. wasps coach wasps lost 32-18 to toulon in the european champions cup quarter-final on sunday. young's comments came after his team lost to the defending champions .
tottenham hotspur plan to open a new 56,000-seater stadium at white hart lane in just over three years time. the final opponent to the move, archway sheet metal works, is being demolished. the north london club's neighbours fought a long court battle with tottenham over the development. archway failed with an appeal against a compulsory purchase order but their premises are beginning to be demolished. spurs hope to move into their new home in 2018.
reece oxford scored for west ham's under 21 team in their 3-2 defeat to manchester united on tuesday night. the 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season. oxford signed his first professional contract earlier in the season. sam allardyce hopes to give him a first-team debut before the end of the year.
gary teale has hit back at ronny deila's criticism of the st mirren park pitch. deila branded most surfaces in the scottish premiership 'terrible' and said artificial pitches would be better. teale feels criticism was unfair on the club's award-winning groundsman, tommy docherty.
manchester united under 21 go four points clear at the top of the under 21 premier league after beating west ham united. reece oxford and jordan brown scored for the basement boys. adnan januzaj captained manchester united. josh harrop scored twice to secure the win for the young red devils.
ronny deila agrees with gary teale's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership. the hoops boss criticised the playing surface at st mirren park on friday night. buddies boss teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the pitch. celtic face partick thistle at home on wednesday night.
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid's 9-1 la liga victory against granada. it was the first time the portuguese has scored five in a single match. karim benzema, who scored twice himself, hailed his madrid team-mate as a 'phenomenon'    the frenchman became only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for madrid in 287 appearances.
stuart mccall has dismissed any thought of his rangers future being decided before the end of the season. the former motherwell boss has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval after three successive wins. shane ferguson is finally set to arrive at murray park next week as part of the loan deal.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford in the premier league on saturday. louis van gaal was so pleased with ander herrera's first goal he kissed him at half-time. the manchester manager had told herrera to control the ball before shooting. herrera scored a goal in the 43rd minute to put manchester ahead against villa.    united moved above manchester city and into third place in the league after the win.
england face west indies in a three-test series starting in antigua on april 13. coach peter moores and captain alastair cook put on a united front at gatwick airport. moores refused to be drawn on the possible return of kevin pietersen.
christian benteke has scored seven goals in five games for aston villa park this season. the belgian striker faces a pay cut if his goals are not enough to keep villa in the premier league. the 24-year-old's contract at villa is worth £50,000 per week. wolfsburg are interested in signing the striker but villa value him at £25million.
paolo dybala says he could be playing his final games for palermo. the argentine forward has been linked with a move to arsenal and juventus. the 21-year-old has scored 13 serie a goals this season and has been a target for several clubs. the forward scored a penalty against ac milan on saturday.
bolton-born boxer amir khan enjoyed a day at a safari park with his family in northern california. the 28-year-old posed alongside a rare white tiger and fed a tiger at six flags discovery kingdom. khan announced his next fight will be against chris algieri at welterweight on may 30.
james rodriguez has returned to the real madrid squad. carlo ancelotti has his'six nations' available again for the visit of granada on sunday. as splash about lionel messi's fitness while mundo deportivo say it is 'operation 30 points' for carlo. roberto mancini brings inter milan squad into training at 8.30am.
jose mourinho didn't rule out the prospect of a pre-season tour to japan. no final decision has been made on a destination for the trip. the premier league champions are yet to finalise plans for their tour. chelsea could travel 12,000-mile round trip for a two-match tour.
john o'sullivan was on loan at barnsley when blackburn rovers faced liverpool in the fa cup fifth round. gary bowyer wanted to use him in wednesday night's replay at ewood park. bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use the midfielder. o'ssullivan was at oakwell when the teams drew 0-0 at anfield on march 9.
burnley manager sean dyche believes his side are capable of avoiding the premier league drop. the clarets face tottenham hotspur on sunday. dyche's side spent last week on a warm-weather training camp in spain. the clarets are currently in the bottom three of the league table.
napoli lost 1-0 at home to lazio in the second leg of the coppa italia semi-final on wednesday. napoli president aurelio de laurentiis was furious with the result. he has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' napoli lost 2-1 on aggregate and exited the competition.
lebron james scored 23 points as cleveland cavaliers beat former team miami heat 114-88 in miami. dwayne wade hobbled off with a knee injury in the first half. james also passed patrick ewing into 20th place on the nba's all-time scoring list. golden state beat phoenix 107-106 to extend their winning run to 11 games. harrison barnes scored the game winning shot as the warriors beat the dallas mavericks.
blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at bloomfield road in sky bet league one on tuesday night. jamie o'hara scored from the penalty spot but grant hall scored an own goal just after half-time. blackpool fans gathered outside the west stand to protest against the oyston family before the game.
england captain alastair cook completed a century on the second morning of england's opening tour match in the west indies. cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out. he walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries at st kitts and nevis invitational xi.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has urged his team to perform well against arsenal on saturday. liverpool travel to the emirates to face third-placed arsenal in the premier league. rodgers' side are five points adrift of the top four after losing to manchester united. captain steven gerrard is suspended having been sent off against united.
jonathan trott and alastair cook both scored half-centuries as england beat st kitts and nevis invitational xi in basseterre. ben stokes took three wickets in five balls for the west indies in the two-day practice match. cook was unbeaten on 95 while trott returned with 72 for england.
jacques burger takes on racing metro in paris on sunday in the european champions cup quarter-final. the 31-year-old flanker is loved by his team-mates and loathed by opponents. burger underwent pioneering knee surgery in south africa more than three years ago. the saracens ace believes players need to be protected from themselves at times.
jose mourinho will start eden hazard against stoke city at home on saturday. chelsea lead the premier league by six points, with a game in hand, and face stoke at home.    the manager confirmed diego costa has recovered from a hamstring injury and will start against the potters.
brendan rodgers' side travel to arsenal in the champions league on saturday. liverpool need to win to keep up their chances of a top-four finish. a defeat could leave them eight points adrift of manchester united in fourth. uefa have announced significant increases in prize money for champions league.
olivier giroud won the barclays premier league player of the month award for march. he scored five goals in four consecutive league wins for arsenal. france are the league's most successful foreign nationality. thierry henry, eric cantona and nicolas anelka have won the award.
liverpool face arsenal in the premier league on saturday lunchtime at anfield. five hat-tricks have been scored in liverpool vs arsenal since the inception of the league. robbie fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in premier league history for liverpool against arsenal in 1994. andrey arshavin scored a quadruple in a 4-4 draw with arsenal in april 2009.
bas van velzen met mario balotelli, fabio borini, rickie lambert, lazar markovic and other liverpool stars at melwood. the youtube star showcased his dead-ball skills to the merseysiders. the liverpool players were led to believe that the dutch free-kick star was a competition winner.
freddie sears opened the scoring for ipswich after six minutes against bournemouth at portman road. kenwyne jones came off the bench to equalise for the cherries in the 82nd minute. jones scored a header from a matt ritchie corner to earn a point for the hosts.
darren lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour in the world cup final. brad haddin and james faulkner were criticised for their boorish behaviour.    but lehman insisted haddin was following team orders when he clapped in martin guptill's face.
rickie fowler's girlfriend, bikini model alexis randock, was accused of being a 'gold digger' by an online hater. fowler told the troll to 'get your facts straight'    fowler received a number of comments from other posters who commended him on standing up for his girlfriend.
mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies. the durham paceman is not the shape or size of a traditional fast bowler. wood is one of the uncapped members of alastair cook's squad for the three-test series.
ian bell has signed a three-year contract extension with warwickshire until the end of the 2017 season. bell has played 105 test matches and 161 one-day internationals for england. the 32-year-old batsman has won five trophies with the county championship. bell signed his first contract with the club in 1999.
yorkshire have signed india international batsman cheteshwar pujara until the end of may. younis khan was set to be yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015. younus is looking to be part of pakistan's potential touring party to bangladesh.
marco negri joined rangers from italian side perugia for £3.5million in 1997. he scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for rangers after joining the club.    after a series of injuries, negri quit the club after fearing he was hiv-positive in 2000. after months of hospital scans in scotland, his blood was found to be fine.
raheem sterling started up front for liverpool in the premier league game at the emirates. sterling struggled to impose himself on the game as liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal. daniel sturridge came on as a second half substitute but was unable to make an impact. sterling was jeered by the arsenal fans, who were protesting against the rising price of football.
muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following connacht's 14-7 defeat by gloucester. the former all black was led away by police following the match at kingsholm. mils muliaina earned 100 caps for new zealand and retired after the 2011 world cup. tv cameras captured the moment he was arrested and led away to a police van.
john hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain and lungs in 2009. the former celtic striker has reflected on his battle with cancer on the eve of his 40th birthday. he was forced to face up to a gambling addiction and change his life after beating the disease. hartton says he is now a proud family man who enjoys a settled life.
leeds owner massimo cellino claims red bull have made a bid to buy the championship club. majority shareholder eleonora sport are considering the offer, according to cellino. soft drink giant already own three football clubs, including red bull salzburg and new york red bulls. cellino is currently serving a football league disqualification for tax evasion.
steven gerrard will leave liverpool at the end of the season. steve heighway described the midfielder as 'outstanding' in a newspaper article in 1992. the former england captain was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old. the midfielder will move to la galaxy in the summer after leaving livepool.
brazilian website claims to have the new chelsea kit for sale with gareth bale's name on the back. the kit can be bought with 'bale 9' on the front but not the adidas emblem. bale has struggled at real madrid this season and reports have linked him with a return to the premier league. didier drogba shirts are also for sale on the website.
darren gough says kevin pietersen only has a small chance of returning for england this summer. the batsman has rejoined surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn a place in the ashes squad. gough believes his friend will 'disappear to the caribbean premier league' if he doesn't get an england call. he is taking part in the second investec ashes cycle challenge to raise funds for lord's taverners.
manuel pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the champions league places. manchester city have struggled to keep up with chelsea in the premier league title race. city travel to crystal palace on monday and could be in fourth place. james milner is in line to return after withdrawing from the england squad.
david villa posted a picture on instagram of his family enjoying the empire state building in new york. villa has scored one goal since his move to the mls. the newyork city captain has helped his side to third place in the eastern conference.
harry kane is eligible to play for the under-21 european championship with england this summer. but kenny dalglish says he shouldn't go to the tournament. the striker is ready to be a permanent member of roy hodgson's first team. kane won his first senior caps for england last week. he is still eligible for gareth southgate's young lions. dalgish says kane should be kept fresh for the full squad.
arsene wenger says arsenal will have to be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title. arsene's side thrashed liverpool 4-1 at home in the premier league on saturday. hector bellerin, mesut ozil, alexis sanchez and olivier giroud scored for the gunners. arsenal are seven points behind league leaders chelsea, but wenger is not getting ahead of themselves.
treasurer joe hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent gst to movies and music downloaded from streaming services. it could reel in billions of dollars in revenue for the federal government. tech-savvy consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks. each states and territories' treasurer has agreed to the tax.
deion sanders jr. wrote on twitter that he needed 'hood doughnuts almost every morning'    his father deion sander called out his son, calling him a 'huxtable' and a'million $ trust fund' son. sanders, a sophomore at southern methodist university, is said to be worth a reported $40million.
kevin speight and christopher loftus were killed before uefa cup semi-final in istanbul on april 5, 2000. leeds striker wesley sneijder tweeted his knife range on the 15th anniversary of their death. a minute's silence will be held before leeds and blackburn rovers meet on saturday.    one fan wrote back: 'knives are for cowards'   sneijter later deleted the tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily to the endorsement.
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 in the premier league at the emirates on saturday afternoon. hector bellerin, mesut ozil and alexis sanchez scored for the gunners. jordan henderson pulled one back for liverpool from the penalty spot. olivier giroud added a late fourth for arsene wenger's side to move nine points clear of liverpool.
the dramatic, up-close images were captured by a bornean student, frenki jung, 17, from borneo. the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but helpless in the insect's grasp. he shot the super close-ups in his garden at home.
a section of arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty at the emirates stadium for the first 10 minutes of barclays premier league clash. supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the rise of ticket prices. the cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were £64.
analysts watch clips of beheadings, violent attacks and pornography to gain clues about terrorists. intelligence agencies employ psychiatrists and therapists to help the analysts cope with the emotional trauma. analysts watch graphic content and look at violent photos to gain information. the cia, nsa, and national counterterrorism center hire therapists to deal with analysts' trauma.
men's face product company west coast shaving has blended 30 members of 30 rock bands into 30 single faces. the faces are a project by the company to celebrate the 30th anniversary of rock and roll. each band member is blended into a single face. u2, john lennon, kurt cobain and eddie van halen are some of the most recognizable faces of rock.
the broward state attorney's office has already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case connected to four former fort lauderdale police officers. jason holding, james wells and christopher sousa were fired in march for 'department misconduct' after an investigation into a racist video and text messages sent by the cops. all of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers'   the officers sent each other 'racial, sexist and ethically inappropriate' images and other content, including offensive comments about black men.
jia binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease. he built a human barbecue in his garden and lies on top of the coals. claims experts told him temperatures higher than 42 degrees celsius can kill cancer cells. he was diagnosed with blood cancer in 2013 and has had a bone marrow transplant.
kunaratnam kunanatha, 36, owned pizza plus fried chicken business in gillingham, medway. council inspectors found mouldy tomato puree and mouse droppings in the takeaway's pizza boxes. he admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations. the business was closed down by medway council and closed for good in may.
fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on saturday. the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital. the team bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match.
fran kirby created the first goal and scored the second for england women in 2-1 win over china. jodie taylor opened the scoring after just a minute of play in manchester. shanshan wang pulled a goal back for china in the 16th minute.
wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford. manchester moved above manchester city into third place in the premier league. ander herrera scored the other two goals for louis van gaal's side.
manchester united captain wayne rooney feels the club are on course to qualify for the champions league. louis van gaal's side sit fourth in the premier league standings. manchester united face aston villa on saturday at anfield. juan mata scored a brace against liverpool to secure a 2-1 win at liverpool.
jose mourinho said he talks to god every day but never about football. the father-of-two said he only prays for things in his personal life, never about chelsea. the 52-year-old football manager said he tries to separate his professional and family life. he never discusses the game with his wife matilde faria.
jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. he shared the cricket legend's response on twitter as a tribute to the 'great man'   accompanying the letter from benaud was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers. benaud passed away in his sleep on thursday night after battling skin cancer.
richie benaud has died aged 84 in a sydney hospice after battling skin cancer. the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november. benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife daphne and family members. a veteran of 63 test matches, benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s.    he was one of the world's most recognised commentators and anchored the nine network's cricket coverage in australia for decades.
ukip's election campaign chief patrick o'flynn said ukip needs to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging' with female voters.    he launched the party's 'policies for women' alongside deputy chairman suzanne evans and mep diane james. polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back the party, compared to 10 per cent for women.
raheem sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week and has just two years left on his deal. sterling said he was flattered by arsenal's interest in signing him if he left liverpool this summer. liverpool lost 4-1 at arsenal on saturday and rodgers has criticised the player's advisor aidy ward. rodgers said sterling would be inclined to stay at liverpool if left to make a decision alone.
vanessa santillan's body was found in a flat in fulham, south west london, at the end of march. the 33-year-old mexican national was found with injuries to the head and neck. man, 23, was arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed. she was working as a transgender escort and spoke of her love for london online.
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge in the premier league on saturday. eden hazard put chelsea into the lead from the penalty spot in the first half. charlie adam equalised for stoke before loic remy scored the winner in the second half. diego costa was forced off after 10 minutes with a hamstring injury. thibaut courtois was embarrassed by adam's strike from his own half.
drek skyler brux, 22, was sentenced to five years probation and must also pay $63,000 in restitution to rail link, his employer. he pleaded guilty to unhitching two locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country. brux was upset over a phone call from his boss at a coal mine in wyoming.
jonathon stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. he shared the cricket legend's response on twitter as a tribute to the 'great man'   benaud passed away in his sleep on thursday night in sydney after battling skin cancer. accompanying the letter from benaud was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers.
dan klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at ramapo college in mahwah, new jersey. police say he tried to dodge the javelin and tripped over trying to dodge it. his fall left his left heel exposed and was pierced by the projectile.
middlesbrough are top of the championship with seven points from eight teams. seven points separate eight teams with six games to play in the league. bournemouth and watford are second and third in the table. derby have not won in seven games under steve mcclaren. watford host norwich at vicarage road on monday evening.
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters. it was born in sichuan province, south western china. the piglet has become an internet sensation after a video showed it learning to walk on two legs.
wigan athletic manager malky mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by derby on easter monday. club captain gary caldwell has been named new manager on a long-term basis. the 32-year-old will take charge against fulham on friday. chairman david sharpe said he was 'the only candidate' to take over at the dw stadium. macksay was sacked after wigan's 2-0 defeat to derby.
talented toddler is believed to be aged between two and three years old. she carefully balances three bowls on her head as she performs traditional dance moves to music. video of her dancing has become an internet sensation in china after it went viral. it appears to be a traditional female dance performed by the uyghur people in northwestern china.
stuart dallas opened the scoring for brentford in the 24th minute at craven cottage. ross mccormack equalised for fulham from the penalty spot in the 67th minute. dallas scored his second goal of the game just before the hour mark to put the hosts 2-1 up. alan judge scored a stunning free-kick to make it 3-1 for the hosts before ross jota scored a late fourth.
peter moores could work with michael vaughan if he becomes england's new director of cricket. paul downton was sacked as managing director of england cricket. moores insists he could be working with the former england captain if he takes the job.
michael vaughan, alec stewart and andrew strauss are three former captains of england cricketer. paul downton was sacked as managing director of cricket at surrey.    all three are bidding to lead england's reform after paul's sacking. michael v vaughnan led england to the 2005 ashes and 26 test wins overall.
diego costa came on at half-time in chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke city at stamford bridge. but the striker limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on. jose mourinho was happy to gamble with costa's fitness after 10 minutes. costa looks set to be sidelined for at least two weeks with the injury.
mario balotelli was not included in the liverpool squad to face arsenal after picking up a'slight knock' in training. manager brendan rodgers revealed the striker withdrew himself from the squad and did not travel to london. arsenal ran out 4-1 winners at the emirates on saturday.
northampton were thrashed 37-5 by clermont in the champions cup at the stade marcel-michelin. tom wood jokingly thanked cermont for inviting northampton to an open training session. the saints exited europe at the quarter-final stage. northampton director of rugby jim mallinder said it was one of the worst defeats of his career. noa nakaitaci scored two tries and nick abendanon also scored a try for the french side.
robert lewandowski scored the only goal of the match for bayern munich at the signal iduna park. former dortmund striker scored on his first visit back to his former club. pep guardiola's side stretch lead at the top of the bundesliga to 10 points. manuel neuer is yet to make a save during the first half.
rory mcilroy has designs on becoming the true figurehead of his sport, says paul mcginley. the world no 1 goes into this week's masters at augusta national as favourite. jose mourinho's relentless win-at-all-costs style is not mcil troy's.
sheffield's danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta national on thursday. the 27-year-old finished one-under at the masters. the england golfer holed a 60-foot putt for eagle at the par-five 13th.   the sheffield player admitted it was a dream come true to mark his masters debut with an eagle.
alan stubbs feared there would have been crowd trouble if hibs formed a guard of honour for hearts in the edinburgh derby. robbie neilson and jambos defender alim ozturk feel that it is disrespectful not to acknowledge their team's achievements. hearts boss alan stubbs said he feared unrest among fans if his side formed the honour. rangers and queen of the south and alloa have also honoured hearts.
sam allardyce's contract at west ham expires at the end of the season. he is making plans for next season but does not know if he'll still be manager of the club. west ham host stoke city in the premier league on saturday at the weekend.
thomas bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the masters. ian poulter was not happy with his opening round of 73 at augusta. bubba watson shot a solid 71 to stay in the hunt for the masters title. erik compton shot 73 on his debut.
video footage shows blaine taylor from aberdeen, scotland, competing against his older brother, cody. but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground. immediately blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes.
arnold palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 79th masters at augusta national on thursday morning. the seven-time major champion has been struggling with a dislocated shoulder. palmer and jack nicklaus and gary player were the honorary starters of the par 3 contest. player hit the longest drive on the par-four first hole.
natasha jonas was the first female boxer to represent great britain in an olympic games. the 30-year-old made history at london 2012 when she took on katie taylor. the liverpool-born boxer has announced her retirement from boxing.
novak djokovic beat john isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 in straight sets to reach the final of the miami open. the no 1-seeded djokovic closed to within one win of his fifth key biscayne title. he will face two-time champion andy murray in sunday's final .
mauricio pochettino could be the saviour of english football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent. the argentine has gathered a reputation since arriving in england two years ago. four of his young tottenham players played for england against italy. which managers have the most faith in young, english talent? the mail on sunday looked at premier league clubs to find out.
nico rosberg and lewis hamilton visited mercedes' brackley base on thursday. the team-mates were beaten by sebastian vettel at the malaysian grand prix on march 29. mercedes boss toto wolff was surprised by the victory for ferrari's vettels.
the german grand prix was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems. bernie ecclestone has not been able to guarantee the future of the italian race. former world champion jackie stewart wants europe's 'essential races' to remain unchanged. more races are heading to asia and the middle east.
lewis hamilton said he stepped on former president bill clinton's foot at nelson mandela's 90th birthday party back in 2008. the british racer was trying to introduce himself to hollywood actor will smith. hamilton revealed the incident on bt sport's the clare balding show.
part of silverstone's motor racing circuit roof was damaged by high winds on sunday and monday. silverstone sporting director stuart pringle says upcoming races will not be affected by the damage. work has started on repairing the roof of the venue's corporate building.   silverstone officials began assessing the damage on wednesday.
lewis hamilton features on the front cover of the latest edition of men's health magazine. the two-time formula one champion discusses the meaning behind his tattoos. the mercedes racer leads the drivers' championship after two races of the 2015 season. hamilton discusses his body art and the physical demands of f1.
jason robinson was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage. the former england star contemplated suicide during a troubled period of his career. former team-mate va'aiga tuigamala convinced robinson out of committing suicide. robinson played a key role in england's 2003 world cup final win against australia.
pakistan cricket board chairman shaharyar khan hopes for a series of five one-day internationals with zimbabwe. pakistan haven't played a test nation since the attacks on sri lanka's bus in march 2009. gunmen attacked the team bus in lahore six years ago.
tim sherwood is still in touch with tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy. levy sacked sherwood as spurs head coach at the end of last season. sherwood believes mauricio pochettino deserves credit for playing young players at white hart lane. the aston villa boss thanks the club's board for ending his time at the club.
alex rodriguez returned to the new york yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day. the designated hitter was serving a 162-game suspension after admitting to using performance-enhancing drugs. fans held up signs in the stands encouraging fans to forgive the player. john jaso suffered a wrist injury during the opening day game of the tampa bay rays.
yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title after promotion from second tier. the 2015 county cricket season kicks off on sunday. former surrey batsman mark butcher gives his guide to the county championship. durham, somerset and middlesex are among the teams to look out for in division one.
burnley drew 0-0 with tottenham at turf moor on sunday afternoon. michael duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer harry kane. sky sports pundit paul merson had a pop at spurs substitute andros townsend after the match.
jordan henderson played as a wing back for liverpool and lost the ball 23 times in 90 minutes against arsenal. john o'shea only sprinted 11.9 metres in sunderland's 1-0 win over newcastle. sean dyche selected an unchanged side for the 16th time this season as burnley drew 0-0 with tottenham. loic remy scored his fifth premier league goal of the season in chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke.
qpr centre-back nedum onuoha is being targeted by hull city. the 28-year-old has 15 months left on his contract at the kc stadium. hull are also interested in everton and west ham united's nicolas spolli. victor anichebe is also being watched by hull and could move to the club.
harry kane scored on his england debut and captained tottenham in goalless draw at burnley. the 21-year-old striker has hailed his week as the 'best week of his life'    mauricio pochettino's side are seven points off fourth-placed manchester city and could finish fourth.
diego de girolamo is leaving sheffield united when his contract expires at the end of the season. the italy under 20 international is out of contract and is on loan at northampton. benfica and juventus are interested in signing the forward. celtic and southampton are also monitoring the situation.
queens park rangers beat west brom 4-0 at the hawthorns. eduardo vargas, charlie austin, bobby zamora and joey barton scored for chris ramsey's side. victor anichebe headed in a consolation goal for the visitors in the 58th minute. youssouf mulumbu was shown a red card in the final minutes of the game for clattering into qpr.
andy king scored his 50th goal for leicester city in the 86th minute against west ham on saturday. king says his goal against the hammers may turn out to be his most important for the club if they stay up. leicester remain at the foot of the premier league table and four points from safety. nigel pearson's side beat west ham 2-0 at the king power stadium.
west bromwich albion will make a £3million move for wales international left-back neil taylor. tony pulis is keen to sign the 26-year-old this summer. the hawthorns are willing to listen to offers for the defender.
leicester beat west ham 2-1 at the king power stadium on saturday. esteban cambiasso scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute. leicester manager nigel pearson said the veteran foxes midfielder was man of the match. west ham remain rooted to the bottom of the premier league table.
daniel agger elbowed mattias jorgensen in the head during the copenhagen derby on monday. the former liverpool defender has been banned for two games for violent conduct. agger was found guilty by a danish fa disciplinary committee. the incident happened during the goalless draw with copenhagen.
james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season. tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery. the defender hopes to play a couple of games for the club before the season is over.
haris vuckic has scored six goals since joining rangers on loan from newcastle. the 22-year-old has one year left on his contract at st james' park. vucksic has denied he plans to leave the club at the end of the season. the slovenian has thrived at rangers under new manager stuart mccall.
harry kane took part in an open training session for fans at white hart lane on thursday morning. he attempted a crossbar challenge against etienne capoue, nabil bentaleb, danny rose and christian eriksen. kane was narrowly over the crossbar with three attempts from 40 yards.
ronny deila admitted that the first six months in charge of celtic were mentally tough. the manager was unsure whether he was cut out to manage the bhoys. peter lawwell told deila it was a matter of getting over the 'le guen hump'    deila's side twice exited europe and his side were struggling in the league.
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 in la liga on wednesday. cristiano ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned for diving in the penalty area. the star forward could be suspended for the game against eibar on saturday. real madrid have appealed against the yellow card shown to their star forward.
jeremy peace is ready to shelve the sale of west bromwich albion if a deal is not in place by july. peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america, china and australia. peace owns 77 per cent of the club and is looking to sell for between £150m and £200m.
rio ferdinand believes louis van gaal's decision to play wayne rooney up front has helped manchester united. united face manchester city in the manchester derby on sunday. rooney has returned to his favoured attacking role as a striker for louis. ferdinand also praised the return of michael carrick and ander herrera.
glenn murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season for crystal palace. harry kane and diego costa are locked on 19 goals in the premier league top scorer race. manchester city face crystal palace at home on easter monday.
peter quillin is nicknamed 'kid chocolate' and has a 71 per cent knockout ratio. he faces andy lee in limerick next weekend. the american has never lost a fight in the ring. quillin took a 12-month sabbatical after vacating his wbo world championship last year.
atletico madrid beat bottom side cordoba 2-0 in la liga on saturday. antoine griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season for the champions. saul niguez doubled atletico's lead in the 39th minute. the win lifts atletico above valencia to third in the table.
alan pardew believes he could do a better job than some of the premier league's big-name managers. the crystal palace boss is not looking to leave selhurst park in the near future. pardew has said he is happy at crystal palace and has no plans to leave the club. manchester city travel to crystal palace on monday.
billy joe saunders and chris eubank jnr are due to fight at wembley arena on may 9. but the pair were involved in a war of words at a press conference. eubanks challenged billy joe to take a re-match with him on may 9. hall of fame promoter frank warren has suggested an autumn rematch for the pair.
ander herrera scored twice as manchester united beat aston villa 3-0 at the etihad stadium. the spaniard has established himself in louis van gaal's first team plans after missing out in previous months. herrera was barely sighted between october and february at old trafford. the 25-year-old started just three of the 21 games for manchester in that period.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday night in the premier league. ander herrera opened the scoring for manchester united before half time. wayne rooney scored a superb second goal for tim sherwood's side. christian benteke pulled a goal back for aston villas before herrera scored a third. manchesterunited moved above manchester city into third place in the league table after the win.
queens park rangers beat 10-man west brom 4-1 at the hawthorns on saturday. joey barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up. chris ramsey's side are still in the premier league drop zone. qpr are just three points behind aston villa.
anthony joshua stopped experienced american jason gavern in the third round in newcastle. gavern was dropped twice in the second round and twice in third on his 50th fight as a professional. the 37-year-old was fighting for the 50th time in his professional career. josua was returning from a five-month lay-off.
david templeton spoke out about his former managers ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall. rangers boss stuart mccall has warned lee mcculloch he could lose his place in the starting line-up after being sent off against hearts. the winger has criticised the training-ground methods of ally and ally. mccall has led rangers to three consecutive wins in the scottish championship.
dereck chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting tyson fury at london's excel arena in november. 'del boy' has been back in the gym for the past month recovering from an eye injury. his promoter frank warren is being lined up for a summer comeback against british heavyweight rival david price. anthony joshua has also been linked with the boxer.
dave king has been cleared by the court of session to return as a director of the rangers board. king was previously a director in the ibrox oldco which went into liquidation in 2012. king won 85 per cent of shareholder backing to return to the board at the egm.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday. louis van gaal's side are eight points clear at the top of the champions league table. but the manager has warned his players that qualification is not guaranteed. united face manchester city in the derby on sunday.
luis enrique insists barcelona midfielder xavi has a vital role to play in the hunt for the treble. the 35-year-old has managed just five starts in 21 games for barcelona since the turn of the year. xavi assisted jeremy mathieu in the 1-0 win over celta vigo on sunday.
fabian orellana was shown a straight red card during barcelona's 1-0 win over celta vigo on sunday. the celta striker threw a lump of turf at barcelona midfielder sergio busquets. the grass struck the midfielder in the back of the neck and struck him in the eye. celta forward fabian orelana has been handed a one-match ban by the spanish football federation.
sven bender says borussia dortmund need to start scoring more goals if they want to win games. jurgen klopp's men have failed to score in four of their last five league games. dortmund have scored 34 goals in 27 games in the bundesliga this season. pierre-emerick aubameyang is the clubs top scorer with 18 goals in all competitions.
franck ribery was told he was as important to bayern munich as lionel messi was to barcelona. real madrid wanted to sign the french winger in 2009 after he fell out with louis van gaal. the 32-year-old says he was convinced to reject the move after being sold on his importance to the german giants. real were willing to pay for the winger but he turned down the move.
aleis sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for arsenal this season. antonio di natale played alongside the chilean for five years at udinese. the former italy forward claims sanchez is better than neymar as a strike partner. francesco totti and alessandro del piero are other former strike partners of di natales.
roma fans displayed an offensive banner during 1-0 defeat of napoli on saturday. the banner insulted the mother of a napoli fan who died after violent clashes last year. roma fans will have part of their stadium closed for game against atalanta on april 19.
alan stubbs is currently embroiled in a promotion battle with hibs. malky mackay was sensationally sacked by wigan athletic on monday . former wigan defender gary caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.   wigan chairman david sharpe has said that it was a'very difficult' decision to sack m mackay.
alessandro matri, roberto pereyra and leonardo bonucci scored for juventus in the coppa italia final. alvaro morata was sent off for fiorentina in the second half. massimiliano allegri's side were without carlos tevez, paul pogba and andrea pirlo .
kevin toner is out of contract at the end of the summer at aston villa. norwich, leicester, newcastle and stoke are tracking the 18-year-old central defender. toner captains villa's under-21 team and has trained with the first-team.
ronny deila was impressed with his side's performance against st mirren on friday night. celtic won 2-0 at the paisley to go eight points clear at the top of the premiership. manager berated the state of pitches in scotland and claimed it would be better to play on artificial surfaces.
celtic beat bottom side st mirren 2-0 in the scottish premiership on friday night. stefan johansen believes his side's title aspirations 'look great' after the win. ronny deila's side are eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the league. celtic have won four successive league games and have only lost one this season.
gary player considers tiger woods completing the career grand slam at the age of 24 as the best golfing feat. rory mcilroy is favourite to win the masters at augusta this week. player believes rory will become the sixth player to win all four majors at 25. jack nicklaus completed the grand slam in 1965.
world no 1 rory mcilroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career grand slam at augusta national. tiger woods is ranked 111th in the world at present and is aiming to win at the 79th masters. the world no 1 is one of just five men to have won all four majors at the home of golf.
rory mcilroy and tiger woods will line up at augusta for the masters this week. the world no 1 looked up to woods as a child and grew up watching him. woods is the favourite to win the masters and complete a career grand slam. woods and mcil troy will face each other in the year's first major on thursday. woods has released a new two-minute video charting the rise of rory as a young player.
neymar has not scored for barcelona since february 15 and looked out of sorts in 1-0 win over celta vigo. luis enrique insists he is not concerned by neymar's recent goal drought. barcelona host struggling almeria at home in la liga on wednesday. the catalans are looking to repeat the historic treble of 2009 this season.
ian poulter has two top 10 finishes at the masters in his 10 attempts. ian poulter admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled. the 39-year-old is preparing for the masters by spending a week in the bahamas.    he has never won a strokeplay event on us soil.
manchester city lost 2-1 at crystal palace in the premier league. glenn murray and jason puncheon scored for crystal palace. manuel pellegrini believes that palace's first goal was clearly offside. city are now nine points behind league leaders chelsea.
quinton fortune claims neymar looked uncomfortable during barcelona's 1-0 win over celta vigo. the brazilian forward has failed to score in his last four games for barcelona. barcelona remain four points clear at the top of the la liga table. jeremy mathieu scored the only goal of the game in the 73rd minute.
charlie adam scored the goal of his career during stoke city's defeat to chelsea at stamford bridge. adam scored from inside his own half after seeing keeper thibaut courtois off his line. adam's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour. the scotland international scored a 66-yard effort in the first-half.
john terry hailed eden hazard as one of the world's best players after chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke city. diego costa looks set to miss at least two weeks after suffering a hamstring injury. hazard scored a penalty and set up charlie adam to equalise for the blues.
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. the 20-year-old winger says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber. sterling was just 17 years old in 2012 when he was told off by brendan rodgers for answering back at training. sterling has attracted interest from real madrid, bayern munich, manchester city and arsenal.
derby county drew 2-2 with watford county at the ipro stadium on friday night. marco motta was sent off just before half-time for the visitors. darren bent opened the scoring for derby county from the penalty spot after marco vydra was fouled in the box. odion ighalo scored a late equaliser for watford to secure a point for steve mcclaren's side. tom ince put derby county 2-1 up in the 57th minute with a superb strike from the spot.
dundee united have failed to win any of their last 10 games in the scottish premiership. jackie mcnamara's side lost 2-0 to celtic in the league cup final on wednesday. chairman stephen thompson sold star players stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven during the transfer window.
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille in the summer and will be available on a free transfer. mauricio pochettino is interested in signing the forward. inter milan are thought to be leading the race to land the marseilles star. tottenham have registered their interest in signing ayew.
paris saint-germain forward edinson cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with zlatan ibrahimovic. reports had suggested the pair do not get on amid reports of a rift. cavani says the only issue he has is being played out of position.   cavani has been linked with a summer exit from the club.
nick abendanon was man of the match in clermont's 37-5 thrashing of northampton on saturday. the english full back scored two tries for the french side in the european champions cup. the former bath man hopes to be selected for england at the world cup. anthony watson believes bath are on the verge of winning silverware.
paul casey 'desperately' wants to play in the ryder cup again. the englishman left the european tour to concentrate on the pga tour in january. casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the tour. but he is unlikely to rejoin the tour in time to earn qualifying points this season. only tour members can play on the team.
former qpr boss harry redknapp says raheem sterling should focus on his football rather than his contract dispute. sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks. the 20-year-old has refused to sign a new contract at the club. redkapp says sterling is not ready to move to real madrid at this stage of his career.
tottenham striker harry kane believes tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the champions league. the 21-year-old became the youngest premier league captain this season. spurs are seven points behind manchester city with seven games remaining. kane and danny ings will both be in gareth southgate's under 21 euros squad.
tim sherwood and chris ramsey forged their friendship at tottenham hotspur and remain close friends. sherwood will face ramsey and les ferdinand at villa park on tuesday evening. the pair will face each other in the premier league clash at the end of the season. sherwoods and ramsey are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents at spurs.
raheem sterling suggested he was considering his future at liverpool last week. but manager brendan rodgers insists the forward has never said he wants to leave the club. rodgers says sterling is focused on playing for liverpool for the rest of the season. sterling has not yet signed a new contract with liverpool.
jose mourinho insists he would sell any chelsea player if they did not want to play for the club. raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with liverpool. sterling has attracted interest from arsenal, manchester city and bayern munich. liverpool boss brendan rodgers is adamant that sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window. sterling will start against arsenal at arsenal on saturday despite admitting he is 'flattered' by interest.
michael owen started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid in 2004. raheem sterling rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at anfield this week. owen feels that sterling is in a great place to develop. but owen says the 20-year-old is not good enough to leave liverpool.
a tour guide in the australian outback shows tourists how to lure a mob of emus. he kicks his legs in the air to lure the curious flightless birds in the bush. it's thought to be an old aboriginal trick to catch an emu. emus are known to be especially curious birds.
arsenal manager arsene wenger and striker olivier giroud are premier league player and manager of the month. giroud scored five goals in four games for arsenal in march to earn the award. harry kane also scored five times for tottenham in march but missed out on the honour. wenger inspired arsenal to four victories from four games in the premier league.
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. the 20-year-old has confirmed he rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool. sterling's decision to delay talks with lliverpool is a distraction for players. no footballer has ever been late for kick-off because of talks on a new contract. sterling could have signed his new deal or told liverpool to come back in a year.
raheem sterling is within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself, according to roy keane. brendan rodgers remains confident that sterling will stay at liverpool and the situation will be resolved in the summer. former manchester united midfielder keane insists that a footballer should 'always look after no 1'   but liverpool do not have the financial muscle of a city or a chelsea and could lose sterling. daniel sturridge is believed to be earning around £150,000 a week.
dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook. two undercover actresses read the script out loud for the one beautiful thought ad campaign. the comments were harsh, cutting and bordering on bullying. the beauty brand is known for its empowering campaigns and championing of real women.
twin 18-month-old boys were pronounced dead at a hospital after being pulled from a canal in yuma, arizona. the toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on friday. detectives believe the boys ended up in the canal by accident and don't suspect foul play.
yovil drew 1-1 with notts county at huish park on his second day in charge. paul sturrock was promoted five times as a manager. the glovers became the first league one side to suffer back-to-back relegations. the former torquay boss was relegated in his first game in charge .
former us president george h.w. bush, 90, fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath. bush is a fan of associated tennis professionals and lives in the houston area with his wife barbara. he was accompanied by australian tennis player roy emerson at the u.s. men's clay court championship.
mark o'meara carded a 68 on day two at the masters to make the cut. the 58-year-old is the third oldest man in the field in 2015, behind tom watson and ben crenshaw. the 1998 champion was one over after the first round but carded five birdies in his second.
manchester city have apologised to 300 fans who travelled on free coaches to crystal palace. the premier league champions missed the kick-off at selhurst park on bank holiday evening. the club have written to supporters to apologise and promise to refund the cost of their match tickets. manchester city lost 2-1 at crystal palace in premier league clash.
advertising entrepreneur john singleton bought 80 beach drive for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007. the five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the pacific ocean and the neighbouring national park. the property still holds a record price for a beach house on the central coast of new south wales. the auction is expected to kick off at $3.5 million.
the wisden–mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014 was won by getty images photographer matthew lewis. he took the winning image of dwayne bravo playing for the west indies. the images show children playing cricket on a rubbish tip in bangladesh and in the crater of mount kilimanjaro.
robbie fowler has named his ultimate premier league team to celebrate his 40th birthday. the former manchester united striker names peter schmeichel, frank de boer and paolo maldini in his team. real madrid's fernando hierro and roberto carlos also feature in the team. liverpool and fifa are challenging fifa 15 ultimate team players to take on fowler's team.
gang of fly-tippers used three tractors and trailers to dump the industrial waste in walsham-le-willows village. police officer said it is the worst case of flytipping he's seen in 28 years and will cost public purse thousands to clear up.
cody got stuck in the mud after wandering into a bog in belvedere, south-east london. animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing the horse from the watery ditch. cody was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety.
leaflet told stratford-upon-avon residents what items could go in green bins but footnote said 'this is not recyclable'   residents in the district were named as among the best recyclers in england earlier this year. stratford district council was in the top ten councils for recycling and composting for second year running.
perth glory supporters, who set off a series of flares, will face the prospect of a five year ban. police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares at nib stadium. a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg after a flare was set off during the club's 3-0 defeat to sydney fc on friday. the two teenagers have been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of flares. nib stadium operators venueswest has threatened a five-year ban on the patrons.
darron gibson underwent tests on his damaged metatarsal. everton manager roberto martinez expects gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape. romelu lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved against swansea due to a hamstring injury.
eagle scout brian gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his brooklyn, new york, home on february 17. his body was discovered at marine park golf club, two miles from his home. his family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability.
abdul hadi arwani, 48, was found slumped in a car in wembley with bullet wounds to the chest on wednesday morning. imam was found dead at the an-noor mosque in acton, west london. he had been replaced at the mosque by hassan anyabwile from trinidad and tobago. he is named in a report on an attempted coup d'état in 1990 and was'responsible' for the use of explosives. he stepped down from the mosque last year after it was linked to extremism. mr arwali was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace.
darron gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage. roberto martinez expects gibson to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery. everton will look to extend gibson's contract this summer as he recovers from injury. martinez has moved to assure gibson he has a place in his plans despite holding an interest in tom cleverley.
bradley neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first masters. the 19-year-old from scotland finished day two at six over par. the young scot has been tipped for big things by the likes of rory mcilroy. neil earned his invitation to the masters after winning scottish boys championship.
danny willett carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at the masters on thursday. the englishman was frustrated with a rules official for getting in his line-of-sight during his round. the 27-year-old shot a bogey on the 17th green at augusta national.
bradley neil missed the cut on his debut at the masters at augusta national. the amateur champion carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par. the 19-year-old played with 1988 masters winner sandy lyle. the scot admitted he needed to 'give himself a kick up the a***'
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta, canada, switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes. she was filmed playing a minimalist piece of music. after a 20-second rendition, she turns around to take a bow.
m25 was closed between junctions four and five in ortford, kent to rescue a seriously injured motorcyclist. long tailbacks built up on both sides of the motorway as air ambulance landed. kent police tweeted warning motorists to remain inside their vehicles. two teenagers found themselves stranded on the wrong side of the road after the road reopened.
rory mcilroy finished seven shots behind first-round leader jordan spieth at the augusta golf tournament. the world no 1 carded a one-under-par 71 in the second round.    mcilroy goes out in the penultimate group with phil mickelson and ryan moore at 6.48pm on friday.
mercedes drivers lewis hamilton and nico rosberg finished second and third in malaysia. sebastian vettel won the second grand prix of the season for ferrari. mercedes chief toto wolff claims the champions will just keep calm and carry on .
andy murray will face novak djokovic in the final of the miami open on sunday. the british no1 is set to marry his fiancee kim sears in dunblane next saturday. murray has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the world no1.
richie gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should castres olympique go down. glasgow warriors have been placed on high alert after it was revealed gray could be sold. gray will be sold to the highest bidder if castres are relegated from the top 14. johnnie beattie and max evans are also expected to leave castres.
lawrence dallaglio views poor performance of english clubs as a 'crisis' for french rugby. saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals of the european rugby champions cup. northampton and wasps were knocked out of the competition by clermont and racing metro 92. dallagelio does not believe there is a gulf in class between the english and french leagues.
tom croft has signed a new deal with leicester despite his recent injury troubles. the flanker has been out for six months with a dislocated shoulder and a broken neck. director of rugby richard cockerill says croft is 'world-class'    croft missed most of last season with a knee injury and has missed the world cup.
tom poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident. his father keith died last april. the 25-year-old has signed a new one-year contract extension with derbyshire. he will be available for the start of the season.
mike ashley was given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5m loan handed to the previous board. reports suggested newcastle owner was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks. dave king's new regime have promised a speedy investigation into the claims.
sebastian vettel won the second race of the season in malaysia last month. james allison believes mercedes are likely to lead the way in china this weekend. lewis hamilton and nico rosberg finished second and third.
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league table for the first time since november 23, 2013. the red devils have played the same number of games after having played same amount of league games. manchester lost 2-1 at crystal palace on monday night to trail city by a point in the table. louis van gaal's side travel to old trafford in the manchester derby on sunday.
cristiano ronaldo was booked for diving during real madrid's 2-0 win against rayo vallecano on wednesday. the portuguese was set to miss saturday's game against eibar at the bernabeu. but his yellow card has now been rescinded and he will start for the club. the star forward was booked after being brought down by antonio amaya.
sergio aguero has scored six goals in derby meetings with manchester united. the argentine forward says scoring against united is enough to give him shivers. manchester city face united at old trafford on sunday afternoon. aguero believes radamel falcao is one of the most gifted players in world football.
lazio beat napoli 1-0 on wednesday to reach the final of the coppa italia. lazio will face juventus in the final on june 7. defender mauricio captured the lazio fans celebrations using a selfie stick. the roman side face empoli in the serie a final on sunday.
hector bellerin has been linked with a move back to former club barcelona. the 20-year-old right back left the catalan giants four years ago. dani alves' contract expires at the end of the season at arsenal. barca fans have voted for the spaniard to replace the brazilian at the club.
james rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to spanish newspaper marca. real madrid have won 80 per cent of their games when the colombian midfielder is in the side. focus on cristiano ronaldo's appeal as roberto mancini reveals his targets for inter milan. tuttosport interview juventus striker alvaro morata as he says he is not interested in a return to real.
eden hazard believes chelsea have the premier league title in their grasp. eden hazard scored a penalty and set up loic remy's winner in 2-1 win over stoke city on saturday. jose mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the table.
zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick for paris saint-germain in their semi-final win over saint etienne. the 33-year-old has scored 102 goals in less than three years for the french side. christophe galtier called the striker the ‘best foreigner to ever play in france'    he has never played in the premier league but is considered to be one of the finest strikers of his generation.
bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 in a penalty shoot-out to reach the semi-final of the german cup. pep guardiola is concerned about his team without arjen robben and franck ribery. robben is out until may with a stomach muscle tear and riberry is injured. munich have scored just once in their last three games without the pair.
david luiz is out for at least four weeks after tearing a hamstring at marseille on sunday night. the psg defender posted an instagram picture sporting a new hairdo in the style of a man bun. the 27-year-old suffered a torn hamstring in paris saint-germain's 3-2 win.
eight teams will play 60 matches in the 2015 edition of the indian premier league. ms dhoni's chennai super kings are looking to win their third title. the final of the tournament takes place at eden gardens in kolkata on may 24. yuvraj singh's salary is the highest in the tournament.
tim sherwood has branded aston villa’s stars ‘icing on the cake players’ ahead of their match with qpr. sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert their relegation crisis. qpr host queens park rangers on tuesday night in the premier league.
christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with qpr at villa park on tuesday night. chris ramsey's side drew with relegation rivals qpr in the premier league. boweke's late free-kick secured a vital point for chris ramssey's men. matt phillips impressed for qpr with a superb performance in midfield.
arsenal under 21s take on stoke city at the emirates stadium on tuesday night. jack wilshere, mikel arteta and abou diaby all start for steve gatting's side. club captain arteta has been out of action since november with an ankle injury. serge gnabry and dan crowley also in the starting line-up for the young gunners.
liam treadwell has been booked to ride michael scudamore-trained monbeg dude in saturday's grand national. treadwell won the race on venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009. rugby union star mike tindall co-owns the former welsh national winner.
alastair cook insists he is'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm. cook will lead england in three caribbean tests against india this month. cook has only scored eight runs in two innings since christmas. cook hopes england can regain the ashes when they face australia later this summer.
nabil fekir's father believes a move to arsenal would benefit the lyon star, rather than manchester city. mohamed believes his son would progress under arsene wenger at the club. the frontman has been attracting interest from premier league club man city. but his father does not want his son to sit on the bench at man city .
kevin pietersen has lashed out at graham gooch for commenting on his attempted england comeback. gooch appeared on bbc radio five live and took a supportive stance of the batsman. former england captain gooch said pieterson had 'wiped the floor with the ecb'   gooch was the national side's batting coach until his sacking in 2014. incoming ecb chairman colin graves said signing for a domestic side would help piet andersen.
jack wilshere, mikel arteta and abou diaby are set to play for arsenal under 21s against stoke city at the emirates stadium on tuesday night. steve gatting's young gunners take on stokecity in a u21 premier league clash. club captain arteta has been out of action since november with an ankle injury. all three players featured in last week's practice match against brentford development.
fabian orellana was shown a straight red card during barcelona's 1-0 la liga victory against celta vigo. celta striker threw a lump of grass in the direction of barcelona midfielder sergio busquets. jeremy mathieu scored the only goal of the match in the 73rd minute.
kevin pietersen has re-signed for surrey this summer in an attempt to earn an england recall. the batsman has not played for england since 2013. incoming ecb chairman colin graves said signing for a domestic side would help. peter moores said he 'isn't on the radar' of a test recall. pieterson starts batting for surreys on monday. he has hinted his net session could be streamed live to fans on twitter.
diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury after 10 minutes after coming on at the interval. jose mourinho was happy to gamble with costa's fitness despite losing the striker. loic remy and eden hazard scored in chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke city at stamford bridge.
manuel pellegrini is hoping financial restrictions imposed by uefa will be lifted at the end of this season. manchester city have been limited to a net transfer spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows. the club breached financial fairplay regulations by spending too much in the summer of 2014-15. but the club's latest financial figures show they have reduced losses of £23million.
brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play-off to win the ana inspiration tournament at mission hills country club in california. it was her second ana inspiration title after she won the tournament in 2011. lincolnicombe eagled the final hole of the final round to seal victory. the win was her first lpga tour victory since 2011.
derby county want sean dyche to replace steve mcclaren at the end of the season. former england boss has been linked with newcastle and sunderland. derby have been impressed with dyche's work in the premier league this season.
darren bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for derby since going on loan from aston villa in january. the striker could return to the rams in the summer after his contract runs out at the end of the season. bent is focussed on helping derby get promoted to the premier league. the 31-year-old is keeping his options open.
tim sherwood and chris ramsey's careers could be shaped by 90 minutes at villa park on tuesday night. qpr go to the home of sherwood's villa for a match that could see them out of the bottom three. the pair know each other inside out after working together at tottenham hotspur. a win for qpr would see them go above chris' villa in the premier league table.
jordan henderson is not ready to give up on liverpool's champions league hopes. liverpool are eight points behind manchester united in fourth place in the league. the club lost 4-1 to arsenal at arsenal on saturday and are two points off the top four. but he has urged his team to not give up and target seven wins out of seven in league.
aston villa host rangers in the premier league on tuesday night. tim sherwood has labelled it the club's 'biggest game' of the season. he admits he does not have the players to beat relegation rivals qpr. sherwood faces his friend and former tottenham assistant chris ramsey at rangers.
queens park rangers drew 3-3 at aston villa in the premier league on tuesday night. christian benteke scored a hat-trick to keep villa above the relegation zone. chris ramsey's side remain two points adrift of safety in the table. clint hill believes qpr's relegation rivals will be worried about them. the defender scored his first premier league goal in the draw at villa.
burnley manager sean dyche has been tipped to replace steve mcclaren at derby. dyche insists he is enjoying the challenge at turf moor. the clarets are currently second from bottom of the premier league. the burnley boss cannot believe some gunners fans were calling for arsene wenger to be sacked.
qpr boss chris ramsey believes tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league. ramsey and sherwood were in the trenches together at spurs and live within 10 minutes of each other. if he was a betting man, ramsey says he would bet on sherwood to keep villa up. qpr beat west brom 4-1 at the hawthorns on saturday.
tony fernandes spoke of his despair after his queens park rangers team twice threw away a lead against aston villa. christian benteke scored a hat-trick to earn a 3-3 draw at villa park. rangers chairman was watching the game from afar on his iphone away from the game. matt phillips had given qpr the lead in the first half but they had to settle for a point.
wallace has been released without charge after being questioned by police on'suspicion of a sexual offence' the 20-year-old right back is on a season-long loan at vitesse arnhem. wallace signed for chelsea in january 2013 and has been loaned out to fluminense and inter milan.
eight clubs still have a chance of promotion to the premier league with five games to play in the championship. bournemouth's matt ritchie and norwich's bradley johnson could be playing in the top flight next season. watford striker troy deeney has scored 63 league goals this season. will hughes and bakary sako are two other players who could be in the league next season .
the 161st oxford-cambridge boat race will be televised for the first time on saturday. the women's crews will race on the same thames course as the men. it is 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators. clare balding will present the event on channel 4.
chelsea face qpr at loftus road on sunday in the premier league. john terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-qpr defender anton ferdinand in 2011. terry was cleared in court of racially abusing ferdinand but was banned and fined by the football association. team-mate gary cahill says terry will handle the hostile reception at the ground.
oxford university women's boat race team were overcome by choppy waters on the thames. royal national lifeboat institution came to the assistance of the crew and their cox. crew were training for the boat race which takes place on saturday, april 11. the rowers were returned safely to putney by crew from chiswick rnli.
nathan hughes was handed a three-week ban for knocking out george north at franklin's gardens. wasps will appeal against the decision to ban the back row. hughes will not be able to play in sunday's champions cup quarter-final against toulon.
nemanja matic and cesc fabregas are one booking away from a two-game ban. the duo would miss games against arsenal and manchester united if shown a yellow card. jose mourinho will start the pair against queens park rangers at loftus road on sunday.
leeds rhino beat castleford 26-12 in the super league derby at the mend-a-hose jungle. joel moon scored his first try of the season for the rhinos. ryan hall scored a double for leeds and adam cuthbertson also crossed. leeds captain kevin sinfield sat out during the week he announced he was switching codes.
northampton have ruled out winger george north for the game against clermont auvergne on saturday. the wing was knocked unconscious against wasps on friday night. north has been sent to see a neurosurgeon. northampton director of rugby jim mallinder said the winger will miss the game. north was knocked out after colliding with wasps' nathan hughes's knee.
tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as hull fc beat widnes 22-8. hull make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last june. kevin brown and patrick ah van scored tries for widnes. jamie shaul went over late on for hull.
george north suffered his third confirmed concussion in four months against wasps last friday. north was knocked out after a collision with the knee of nathan hughes. northampton wing will be reassessed at the end of april. north has been ordered by a neurologist to take at least a month off.
jacob fairbank fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage while on loan at halifax. the huddersfield forward faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines. the 25-year-old was injured in halifax's victory over hunslet on easter monday.
jonathan trott failed twice with the bat during england's four-day warm-up match in st kitts. trott looks set to open the batting with alastair cook in the first test against west indies in antigua. ian bell was unbeaten on 43 when he retired in the morning session. chris jordan and james tredwell were also in action for the hosts.
ben stokes took three for 10 in an impressive spell with the ball as england dominated st kitts & nevis xi. alastair cook and jonathan trott scored an unbeaten 95 and 72 in the warm-up match. stokes described cook as one of the best batsmen in the world after his return to form.
richie benaud revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment. the cricket commentary box legend died on friday at the age of 84. he was diagnosed with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. benaud said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen. he said 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' and advised australians to cover their heads. the 84-year-old was in a car accident in october 2013 and had been receiving treatment for skin cancer. he had not returned to his commentary job for the nine network following the accident.
loic remy scored chelsea's winner against stoke in the 2-1 premier league win on saturday. diego costa left the game with a hamstring injury. jose mourinho praised remy's professionalism and scoring ability. remy also scored the winner against hull before the international break.
louis smith, 25, is a medal-winning olympic gymnast and strictly come dancing champion. posts a stream of topless selfies on instagram. has been dating towie's lucy mecklenburgh for four months. shot to fame after winning bronze and silver medal at the 2012 london games.
tottenham defender kyle walker was injured in the 0-0 draw with burnley on sunday. there were fears walker may have broken his foot after a heavy collision with kieran trippier. scans on tuesday showed heavy bruising but no fracture on walker's foot.
cameron thomas philp graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van in brisbane in 2013. he pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property and was fined $300 but avoided a conviction. mr philp was caught after a forensic officer swabbed the spit and located him from his dna.
cressida bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single following split from prince harry last april. in interview to promote role as mulberry's new muse, she said she is a'strong, independent woman' miss bonas dated harry for two years until last year. she has been focusing on acting and modelling career since then.
kevin pietersen has not played for england since the ashes tour in 2013. paul downton was sacked as managing director of england cricket in february 2014. chris tremlett has backed his surrey team-mate to make an international comeback. the 34-year-old is gearing up for his first county championship game since 2013.
kevin pietersen believes michael vaughan is the right man to be director of england cricket. former team-mate is open to the role after paul downton was sacked by the ecb. the former england captain has previously concentrated on his media duties but is believed to be interested in the role. vaughans captained england in the 2005 ashes and is the hot favourite to be appointed.
arsene wenger won the premier league manager of the month award for march at arsenal. it is his 14th premier league accolade. sir alex ferguson won 27 monthly prizes at manchester united. harry redknapp and martin o'neill have eight and sam allardyce has six. jose mourinho has won three of the gongs at chelsea.
alec stewart played in a record 133 tests for england and is currently director of cricket at surrey. managing director paul downton was sacked by the ecb on wednesday. stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of england cricket. the former wicketkeeper batsman has not yet been approached by ecb.
tim sherwood will move to get chris ramsey on his coaching staff if he leaves queens park rangers in the summer. theaston villa manager has lost six out of seven games in charge of the london club. sherwood also wishes darren bent was still at villa park for the season finale.
francis coquelin returned from loan at charlton earlier in the season. the 23-year-old midfielder has become an integral part of arsenal's midfield. the frenchman wants to follow in the footsteps of patrick vieira. coqelin was captain at arsenal during the club's trophy-laden start. the midfielder is determined to take his chance at arsenal.
will stack, 22, a u.s. army national guardsman, has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects 'on the basis of color'   in the footage, which has gone viral on social media, he recounts his own experience with a 'caucasian officer' in south carolina. mr stack says he was given a warning for 'improper use of the median' after doing everything the cop told him to do.
jeanetta riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last july after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint, idaho. she was taken to hospital by her husband, shane, 44, after he heard her talking about killing herself. the native american woman was addicted to meth and alcohol and had been taken to the hospital by him . officers michael valenzuela, 27 and skyler ziegler, 29 were cleared of any wrongdoing following the incident.
georgina rojas-medina, 41, was shot and killed by her common-law husband, gerardo tovar, 44, who then turned the gun on himself, according to police in tulare, california. neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter  just after midnight on saturday. the couple had been together for 13 years.
children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who don’t, researchers claim. shared ipad students scored around 30 points higher in a test than students who used the device on their own and non-ipad users. courtney blackwell, at northwestern university in the us, conducted the research.
dr seuss fans flock to visit the 12-cabin-high structure 130 miles from anchorage, alaska. it was once a two-story home but was abandoned after a forest fire. new owners are now renovating the property to withstand the strong winds. the tower was built after the owner wanted to see the mountains from his cabin.
tire changer todd phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone, who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel. he was taken to the infield care center for treatment and received stitches for a cut on his leg.
four-seater sports plane crash-landed on autobahn 28 near hatten, oldenburg, north-west germany. male pilot is believed to have died in the crash. three passengers have been taken to hospital in a'serious condition'   the cause of the crash is yet unclear, and police are investigating.
manchester city captain vincent kompany says financial fair play regulations protect elite clubs. uefa's ruling prevents other teams from challenging the established order of clubs. city captain says ffp is protecting those clubs who are already in the top four. manchester city face manchester united in the manchester derby on sunday.
john axford was placed on the family medical emergency list by the colorado rockies. his son jameson, 2, was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment. axford's son had surgery last monday on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue. the family will board an emergency medical flight on monday to denver for more treatment . he will be out for at least three days and a maximum of a week.
dina talaat put on a spectacular show at opening ceremony of confederation of african football's ordinary general assembly in cairo. egyptian officials stayed in adjoining hall until end of performance, it was claimed. a video of the performance has since gone viral online.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford in the manchester derby. the win sparked a string of viral images on twitter. the images poke fun at manchester's recent slump in form. sergio aguero scored a brace for manchester and ashley young also scored.
more than 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras at lord nelson pub in east london. men more likely to discuss sexual problems and relationship issues than the weekend's football matches. one man openly talked about erectile dysfunction to his friends. the secret life of the pub will be shown on channel 4 on thursday.
manchester united beat manchester city 1-0 at old trafford in the premier league derby on sunday. louis van gaal used all his substitutes before michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. manchester finished the game with 10 men after james milner was substituted. sergio aguero scored his first goal for manchester united since february.
lewis moody, danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt. the former rugby internationals were on a charity expedition to the north pole. the landing gear of their plane collapsed on their way out of the plane. the men continued with their trip despite the accident. they were raising money for the lewis moody foundation and the royal marines charitable trust fund.
alan stubbs' hibs beat hearts 2-0 in the edinburgh derby to stay second in the championship. hearts had lost three consecutive games in the easter road title race. jason cummings and farid el alagui scored the goals for the hibernian side.
daphne benaud politely declined prime minister tony abbott's offer of a state funeral for her late husband. former test captain died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by wife daphne and family on friday. benaud was a veteran of 63 test matches and played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s.
diane blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her car. she has been charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery. she is a 'clerical worker' at dayspring academy in tampa, florida.
george gittoes was named as the recipient of the sydney peace prize on saturday. the 65-year-old was awarded the award in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world. he has chronicled conflicts in africa, asia, europe and the middle east through painting, photography and film. the artist says it's a welcome recognition that 'creativity is the opposite of war'
the video was filmed at the orana wildlife park - the country’s only open-range zoo. the lions are seen interacting with the people inside a metal cage attached to a car. the video was captured by ekant veer, 35, at the university of canterbury.
two police officers have been injured after attempting to shut down an enormous 1000 person rave in botany, sydney's east. police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of partygoers. one officer was hit by a bottle and was taken to hospital to have glass removed from his head. police received complaints about a large party at an abandoned industrial area. a 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer.
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba, melbourne. they are wanted by victoria police for five similar break-ins in the area. the men filled a doona cover with $38,000 worth of cigarettes. however they struggled to fit the loot into the boot and lost about a third of it during the getaway.
the crash occurred at moorabin airport, near melbourne, shortly before noon on saturday. it is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing. both pilots involved in the crash were students. three people were taken to hospital with minor injuries.
troy slezak from huntington beach, california, filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs .
jose mourinho is set to start ramires and nemanja matic in the chelsea midfield for west london derby at qpr on sunday. brazilian midfielder oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of his last 11 games. the league leaders are four points clear of arsenal at the top of the table.
melbourne woman clare verrall, 31, was randomly attacked while walking her dog on wednesday night. she was walking her french bulldog dutchy in prahran, in melbourne, when a man jumped out from behind bins and attacked her. the woman was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe. she said self-defence classes she had taken at the gym helped her defend herself. she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him twice in the kidneys before she ran home. victoria police are still searching for the man who is believed to be a suspect.
sebastian vettel won ferrari's first victory in 35 grands prix at the malaysian grand prix 11 days ago. the four-time world champion returned to a hero's welcome at the team's factory after the victory. the italian driver is determined to ensure it is not a one-off this season. vettels hopes to build on his victory at this weekend's chinese grand prix in shanghai.
alan gordon scored the opening goal of the game for la galaxy in the first half. it was only the galaxy's second win of the 2015 mls season. robbie keane and clint dempsey were both left out of the side for seattle sounders. the galaxy move off the foot of the western conference with the win.
police arrested david powell after the body was discovered at his mother's home in penkhull, stoke-on-trent on thursday night. body has not yet been formally identified but believed to be his mother celilia powell. mr powell is due to appear in court charged with the murder of his 95-year-old mother.
red bull driver daniel ricciardo practices with a martial artist at guyi garden ahead of this weekend's chinese grand prix. red bull have had a disappointing opening to the 2015 f1 season. the australian driver finished sixth in australia and 10th in malaysia. the red bull driver hopes to kick-start his season at the shanghai circuit.
eden hazard reached 100 premier league appearances for chelsea on sunday. graeme souness believes hazard should be named pfa player of the year. hazard has scored 35 goals and 25 assists in his 100th premier league game for the blues. jose mourinho believes hazard'makes good players look ordinary' with his 'dancing feet'
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a british citizen in casablanca open qualifying. the 25-year-old beat maxime chazal 6-3 6-2 in the opening round of qualifying. bedene lived in the united kingdom for seven years and is now a citizen.
female race-goers wore floral and flamboyant outfits for ladies' day at aintree. the ladies of liverpool were out in full force for the racing calender's biggest day. many wore outfits that would have been out of place at a wedding. as the day wore on, the ladies were seen staggering around the grounds in high heels.
dave doggett, the chairman of cambridge united, believes groups of up to 10 men are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals. he said older men are aged in their 50s and 60s and are watching team in their retirement. mr dogget said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching team. he fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their 'gangs'
alassan gobitaca, known as al the jumper, is a swedish guinness world record holder. he jumped over a sports car travelling at him at 60mph. the daredevil is a presenter on interactive tv show world’s most talented. he is a daredevil who has jumped over cars travelling at 80mph and 80mph.
lewis hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's chinese grand prix. the mercedes driver was 0.541secs clear of team-mate nico rosberg in shanghai. hamilton leads the championship going into the final race of the season. ferrari's sebastian vettel was third, with kimi raikkonen fourth.
jordan spieth tees off his third round at 2:55pm local time at augusta on saturday. the halfway leader holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage of the masters. tiger woods and bubba watson will be joined by rory mcilroy and charley hoffman. justin rose and paul casey will be in saturday's penultimate pairing at 7:45pm uk time.
keanu reeves visited the red bull headquarters in milton keynes with sky sports f1. the matrix actor said formula one was similar to the film business. the 50-year-old grilled red bull chief technical officer adrian newey and checked out pitstops.
fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with mclaren-honda comes to an end. the spaniard won the world championship with renault in 2005. alonso left ferrari at the end of last season to drive for mclarn. the 33-year-old says he is happy to be back for the 2015 season.
sergio perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if force india's upgraded car is a dud this season. the mexican finished 10th in the australian grand prix and 13th in malaysia. force ind india are relying on their june upgrade to come good.
tony mccoy rode jezki to victory in the grade one aintree hurdle at grand national festival. ruby walsh's arctic fire took a tumble at the final hurdle and fell at the race. mccoys rode jessica harrington's horse to victory by 13 lengths.
tim swiel spent four months on loan with quins earlier this season. the fly-half will return to the club next season on a full-time contract. swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell at the club. the 21-year-old spent time with the sharks in south africa.
charterlie hemphrey is the first englishman to hit a sheffield shield hundred for queensland. he has finally secured a professional cricket contract in australia. the 25-year-old made his second xi debut for kent at 15. he was born in doncaster and was rejected by three different teams. hemphreys is currently the first man to score a first-class hundred in queensland's history.
state department alleges a u.s. rc-135u reconnaissance aircraft was flying near baltic sea in international airspace. a russian su-27 flanker 'aggressively' cut into the american plane's path. pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe' filing an official complaint to russia.
jacques burger is alleged to have struck racing metro scrum-half maxime machenaud during champions cup quarter-final. burger will face a disciplinary hearing on thursday. saracens beat racing metro 12-11 at stade yves-du-manoir in paris.
steven finn has vowed to regain his place in the england test squad. the middlesex seamer believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into the squad. finn was overlooked for the current west indies tour. the 26-year-old believes he should be hitting the 90mph mark with his bowling.
elia viviani was involved in a major crash in the final kilometre of scheldeprijs on wednesday. the italian hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground. team sky's sir bradley wiggins and geraint thomas were not involved in the crash.
shai hope and carlos brathwaite have been included in the 14-man west indies squad for the first test against england. new coach phil simmons has cut six names from his first training camp. denesh ramdin will continue to skipper the side for the three-test series. sheldon cottrell, miguel cummins and shane dowrich stand down.
dzhokhar tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the boston marathon. a federal jury found tsarnaev guilty on wednesday over the terror attack that killed three people and wounded more than 260. the jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison.
jonas gutierrez will trigger contract extension at newcastle if he starts the remaining seven matches of the season. the cancer survivor has twice beaten testicular cancer. the 31-year-old was the only newcastle player to win applause from the fans after defeat at sunderland.
tim sherwood believes tottenham hotspur need to keep pace with harry kane's progression or risk losing him. kane has scored 29 goals so far this season for spurs. sherwood is taking aston villa to white hart lane on saturday. christian benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games for villa.
sam allardyce wants west ham to qualify for the europa league next season. the club currently sit first in the premier league fair play table. the hammers host european games in the club's final season at upton park before moving to the olympic stadium. england currently sit third in uefa's rankings behind netherlands and ireland.
new manager stuart mccall urged rangers to show an immediate response to the first defeat of his tenure. queen of the south crashed to a second championship defeat of the season at palmerston. derek lyle, gavin reilly and lee wallace scored for the ibrox.
sebastian larsson is suspended for crystal palace's premier league clash with sunderland at the stadium of light on saturday. jack rodwell will return to the squad after recovering from hamstring injury. crystal palace midfielder joe ledley will be given the chance to prove his fitness.
barcelona ace neymar shows off his footballing brain on instagram. the brazilian showed off his skills ahead of barcelona's trip to sevilla on saturday. barcelona are currently four points clear at the top of la liga. the former santos man was dressed in just his shorts.
vincent nogueira scores in stoppage time as philadelphia beat new york city fc 2-1 for union's first major league soccer victory of the season. lloyd sam scores in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for dc united at dc united. san jose earthquakes midfielder sanna nyassi scores the only goal in a 1-0 win over vancouver. houston dynamo beat montreal impact 3-0 at sporting kansas city.
bastia president pierre-marie geronimi has called for french league president frederic thiriez to step down.   he did not shake players' hands ahead of paris saint germain's league cup final defeat on saturday. bastia lost 4-0 to paris st germain at the stade de france in paris.
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league table for the first time since november 2013. louis van gaal's side face city at home in the derby on sunday afternoon. manuel pellegrini has branded the last three months of city's season as 'garbage'   the chilean wants city to flex their financial muscle in the transfer market to bolster their squad.
palermo host udinese in the italian serie a on sunday. roberto vitiello feels his side need to start winning away from home. palermo are in 11th place and have not won in their last six league games. the islanders are currently on a three-game losing streak.
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9-1 on sunday to keep title hopes alive. jeremy mathieu scored a diving header as league leaders barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0. the portugal international was splashed across every spanish sports paper.
glenn murray humbled manchester city captain vincent kompany on monday night. crystal palace striker scored a hat-trick in a reserve match against gerard pique 10 years ago. murray has scored five goals in his last five games for crystal palace. the cumbrian striker has the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in the premier league.
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid's 9-1 win over granada on sunday. carlo ancelotti's side are four points behind leaders barcelona in la liga. real play rayo vallecano at the bernabeu on wednesday night. isco and james rodriguez are set to return to the team after two months out.
fernando hierro believes real madrid can win the champions league for a second successive season. carlo ancelotti's side face city rivals atletico madrid in the quarter-finals of the competition. the assistant coach says the urge to be champions of europe is in the club's dna.
glenn murray opened the scoring for crystal palace in the first half. manchester city appealed for offside but murray's goal stood. jason puncheon scored a superb free kick to double palace's lead. yaya toure pulled a goal back for manchester but it was not enough. crystal palace moved up to fourth place in the premier league table.
gareth bale opened the scoring in real madrid's 9-1 win against granada at the bernabeu on sunday. cristiano ronaldo scored five goals to help los blancos to a thumping victory. bale scored for wales during the international break. the welsh winger took to twitter after the win to celebrate with a sunday evening bbq.
lazio beat napoli 1-0 to reach the coppa italia final on wednesday. manager stefano pioli said there is still a lot of work to be done for the biancoceleste. lazio face empoli at home on sunday in the serie a final. the team are riding a seven-game winning streak in the league.
manuel pellegrini's manchester city take on manchester united at old trafford on sunday. the premier league champions are fourth in the table. city have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the league table. louis van gaal's side are on a five-game winning streak in the derby. vincent kompany is an injury doubt for the clash.
david sullivan admitted the last 12 west ham games have been 'exceedingly disappointing' for the club. sam allardyce has told co-owner not to judge his side on 2015's results alone. west ham have picked up just 11 points in the premier league since the turn of the year.
manchester united defender chris smalling visited his old judo club. smalling was named national champion for his age group at the martial art as a teen. the 25-year-old signed for manchester united from maidstone united in 2008. the international judo federation shares pictures of smalling visiting his old club.
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford (4pm) on sunday. vincent kompany is doubtful for manchester united with a hamstring injury. chris smalling could feature for the red devils after recovering from illness. luke shaw will not feature after hamstring injury and jonny evans is banned. robin van persie will not be risked after ankle trouble.
queens park rangers host chelsea in the west london derby at home on sunday at 1.30pm. chris ramsey's side will be without richard dunne and rio ferdinand. diego costa will miss out for chelsea with a hamstring injury. cesc fabregas will start alongside nemanja matic in midfield for the blues.
manchester united face manchester city in the manchester derby on sunday at old trafford. manchester united striker wayne rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the derby. rooney scored a famous overhead kick to win the premier league in 2011. robin van persie and paul scholes also feature in rooney's top five.
manchester united manager louis van gaal has praised the resurrection of marouane fellaini. the belgian midfielder was jeered by fans and pundits in a 3-0 loss to manchester city last season. fellainsi has proved a more effective no 10 for manchester united this season. he is expected to start against city on sunday in the manchester derby.
chelsea have topped the premier league since the opening day of the season. jose mourinho's side are seven points clear with eight matches to play. the blues boss has praised chelsea's consistency and confidence. crystal palace host qpr at loftus road on sunday afternoon.
chris ramsey believes sunday's west london derby is more crucial to qpr than to title-chasing chelsea. jose mourinho's blues visit loftus road looking for a win in the premier league. qpr boss ramsey says the game is a 'big game' for his side.
kaka hit the gym to prepare for portland timbers trip to providence park on sunday. the brazilian midfielder posted a picture of himself working on his strength and balance. orlando city have gone three games without a win after a 1-0 home defeat to dc united last week. kaka's side travel to portland in the eastern conference at providence park.
b bristol city beat swindon town 1-0 in the local derby at ashton gate. kieran agard opened the scoring for the home side in the 36th minute. joe bryan and aaron wilbraham scored in the 80th minute to seal the win for bristol.
bristol city manager steve cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against preston on saturday. the league one leaders drew 1-1 at home to the north west outfit. bristol city face bradford on tuesday night and can win promotion to the second tier.
jason cummings and farid el alagui scored in the first-half as hibernian beat hearts 2-0. hibs claimed their first edinburgh derby victory of the season in the championship. hearts were champions of the city and were looking to retain their title.
gary caldwell was appointed as the new wigan manager on monday. malky mackay was sacked as wigan boss after five months in charge. the latics are eight points adrift of safety in the championship. wigan chairman david sharpe is confident he has made the right appointment.
alexander kristoff won the tour of flanders in a sprint finish with holland's niki terpstra. team sky's geraint thomas finished in 14th position after struggling to close the gap. sir bradley wiggins was one of a number of riders to crash during the race.
dani alves has been offered a new barcelona deal according to his agent, dinorah santana. the full-back's contract expires in the summer and he has been linked with a move away. manchester united and liverpool are also interested in signing the 31-year-old.
dani alves has been unable to agree a new deal with barcelona and will leave the club this summer. the right-back's agent and ex-wife dinorah santana confirmed he has rejected a three-year contract offer. the 31-year-old has been linked with manchester united and manchester city.
glenn murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from a serious knee injury. the crystal palace striker missed the majority of last season after rupturing a cruciate knee ligament. alan pardew has joked that the striker has a 'bionic' knee. pardew believes murray's aerial ability is down to being fitted with a new knee. the eagles boss believes the striker is reaping rewards from a loan spell with reading.
time lapse footage captures a ride on the highest railway in europe, the jungfrau. the train speeds along the 9km long electrified track built into a swiss mountain. the video was taken from the point of view of a train driver as the train travels along the track.
monkey was captured on camera snatching a banana from a female tourist in the thai town of kanchanaburi. when she got too close to the primate, the monkey slapped her camera. the video was filmed by maja and diano and shows the monkey eating the banana.
steve harmison has led ashington afc to seven wins on the spin. the 36-year-old former england bowler is a boyhood newcastle fan. harmison took the job with the northern league division one side in the ninth tier of english football. he has led them to victories against penrith and celtic nation.
dashem tesfamichael, 30, was filmed partying with other inmates at coldingley prison in surrey. he was filmed drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to explicit rap music. video was captured on a banned mobile phone and shared with friends on whatsapp.   he was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years for stabbing olu olagbaju, 26, in a nightclub in december 2006.
manchester united are currently third in the premier league table. louis van gaal's aim is to return manchester united to the champions league next season. united finished out of the top four in his first season at old trafford. united are eight points ahead of liverpool in the table. united's win over aston villa on saturday took them to third.
paul casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the masters. the englishman got in due to staying in the world's top 50. casey finished sixth on his masters debut in 2004 and led in 2007 after five holes of the final round.
padraig harrington was 'devastated' after failing to qualify for last year's masters. the irishman had fallen out of the world's top 300 before accepting an invitation to the honda classic. harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the masters at the houston open. the three-time major winner won the open and uspga at royal birkdale.
eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. the 25-year-old opened the scoring in qpr's 4-1 win over west brom on saturday. the midfielder picked up the injury after falling awkwardly in the win. varg as is expected to be out for between 10-12 weeks with the injury.
matt derbyshire opened the scoring for rotherham after eight minutes at the new york stadium. the former nottingham forest striker scored his second goal of the season to put the millers in the lead. emiliano martinez made a string of saves to keep the home side in the game. rotheram move up to second in the championship table, two points behind brighton.
chris martin and darren bent scored for the derby in the second half at the dw stadium. martin opened the scoring for the visitors after 51 minutes. bent added a second for the rams in the 81st minute. derby manager steve mcclaren was in the stands to watch the game.
retired engineer, dave tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum. the 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system. the amateur snapper is able to capture a wide variety of phenomena from his own home near high wycombe.
liverpool lost 4-1 to manchester united and arsenal at the emirates on saturday. manager brendan rodgers has insisted his side are not in crisis despite the defeat. liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final replay at ewood park on wednesday. rodgers denied a training-ground meeting on sunday was designed to quell dissent.
javier hernandez is currently on loan at real madrid from manchester united. the mexico international has been a misfit at the spanish club. orlando city have a big latin-american fanbase and are interested in signing him. manchester have made a revised contract offer to 19-year-old andreas pereira.
chelsea and tottenham hotspur under 21s draw 0-0 at home to manchester united. win would have taken spurs joint top of the under 21 league with red devils. ruben loftus-cheek played for chelsea but was forced off injured after 37 minutes. deandre yedlin impressed at right-back for spurs and is already a senior international.
around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the uk compared with just 600 a year 40 years ago. men aged 65 and over are ten times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma. getting sunburnt once every two years can triple a person's risk of developing the disease.
kenny jackett's wolves moved into sixth place in the championship with a fourth successive victory. charlie taylor opened the scoring for leeds after 11 minutes. wolves striker benik afobe equalised for the home side before half-time. nouha dicko put leeds in front before alex mowatt scored wolves' third goal of the afternoon. substitute david edwards scored a late winner for wolves to move wolves up to sixth place.
bournemouth came from two goals down to beat birmingham city 4-2 at the goldsands stadium. steve cook and callum wilson scored for bournemouth in the first half. yann kermorgant scored a penalty to make it 3-2 to the visitors. charlie daniels scored a late goal to seal the win for the hosts. eddie howe's side were down to fourth in the championship after being 2-0 down.
referee german delfino awarded a penalty to velez sarsfield after daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area . linesman ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor and informed the referee. velez striker mariano pavone was shown a yellow card for the handball. but  delfino overturned the decision and allowed valencia to return to the field.
ander herrera has expressed his desire to remain at manchester united for years to come. the midfielder scored twice in the 3-1 win over aston villa at old trafford on saturday.    the 25-year-old has started the last eight matches for the red devils after starting the season as a substitute.
real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas comforted a young fan who was struck by a ball during the 9-1 win over granada. casillas handed the supporter his real madrid shirt during the half-time break. casilla alerted stewards and medical staff after the incident. the la liga giants eased to a comfortable win at the santiago bernabeu.
manchester united winger ashley young went to watch his younger brother lewis in action for crawley town against oldham athletic. the england international started for the home side against the latics in league one on monday. young's brother is a regular in the crawley side as a winger or striker.
bradley johnson scored twice as norwich city beat sheffield wednesday 2-0 at carrow road. the canaries move into the sky bet championship's top two for the first time since october. the midfielder scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season in the first half. norwich maintain their automatic promotion hopes with victory.
jordan henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000-per-week from liverpool. the club's vice-captain wants to stay at anfield but he is approaching the final year of his contract. he is seeking a new contract worth £100,000 per week before committing his future to the club.
manchester city fans have been given free travel on six coaches to take them to crystal palace. around 3,000 fans will be taken to selhurst park for monday's premier league clash. hundreds of thousands of football fans face travel misery over easter rail shut down.
nakhi wells opened the scoring for huddersfield after 12 minutes at john smith's stadium. james vaughan doubled the lead for the home side after 30 minutes. ipswich manager mick mccarthy made two changes at half-time. luke varney headed home early in the second half but it wasn't enough.
ben cousins was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on wednesday morning but he failed to show up. the former afl star handed himself in to police after failing to make a court appearance over traffic charges. cousins smiled as he left fremantle magistrates court with a smug smirk on his face. the magistrate labelled cousins 'a risk to the public' and warned him he faces a jail term. his lawyer claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments. cousins was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a chase.
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals, including a eight-minute hat-trick, as real madrid beat granada 9-1 at the bernabeu on sunday. gareth bale opened the scoring for carlo ancelotti's side in the 25th minute. real mad madrid bounced back from their el clasico defeat by barcelona with a thumping win at granada. the welsh winger scored a double and an own goal in the first half to put the hosts 4-0 up at the half-time.    bale scored his second goal of the game in the second half, adding a fifth to make it 5-
arsene wenger had all but given up on francis coquelin when he was sent on loan to charlton before christmas. hector bellerin has played a vital role in arsenal's late push for the premier league title. wenger admits he didn't expect the duo to be playing such key roles.
turkish team captain arda turan was celebrating after the team's 2-1 international friendly victory against luxembourg. he went to the cockpit to use the tannoy to congratulate his team-mates. turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight. the crew of a turkish airlines flight are being investigated.
manuel pellegrini says manchester city must sign a 'crack' player in the summer. manchester are currently fourth in the premier league. the chilean manager insists his side must splash the cash to keep pace with rivals. man city were punished for breaching financial fair play regulations last summer.
roy deeney opened the scoring for watford in the 37th minute. odion ighalo scored his 19th goal of the season on 65 minutes to make it 2-0. middlesbrough have now lost four of their past five away games in the premier league.
malky mackay has been sacked as wigan athletic manager after just five months in charge. the latics lost 2-0 at home to derby county on monday and are facing relegation. chairman david sharpe made a snap decision to sack the 43-year-old after the defeat. wigan are eight points off championship safety with five games to play. m mackay was previously manager of cardiff city and was accused of sending racist, sexist and homophobic text messages.
jeremy mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to give barcelona a 1-0 lead against celta vigo. fabian orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of turf at sergio busquets. real madrid remain four points ahead of barcelona at the top of la liga.
juan arango bites the shoulder of opponent jesus zavela in a moment of madness. arango's club tijuana lost 4-3 to monterrey in the mexican league. the 34-year-old was not booked but could face a retrospective ban. he earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his side level against monterreys.
kevin pietersen returned to nets at surrey on monday for the first time since resigning for the county last month. the 34-year-old was pictured driving away from the oval in his sports car after training. he was pictured leaving the oval just before 2pm. pieterson signed for surrey after being sacked by england in 2014.
brendan rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four. liverpool lost 4-1 at arsenal on saturday and are seven points adrift of the champions league places. rodgers cites losing a 'world-class player' like luis suarez. the manager will instead prioritise the fa cup.
cistiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid's 9-1 win over granada on sunday. the portuguese forward has scored 11 goals in eight matches against granada. ronaldo has scored 18 goals in 12 matches against sevilla, sevillas and atletico madrid. he has scored 15 goals in 26 matches against barcelona, getafe and getafe.
barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 at the nou camp on sunday. jeremy mathieu scored the winning goal for barcelona in la liga. neymar, dani alves and adriano posted pictures on instagram after the win. mathieu admits his side were poor and blamed the international break for the defeat.
video allegedly shows militants destroying ancient ruins of the city of nimrud in northern iraq using sledgehammers, drills and barrel bombs. sculptures and stone slabs believed to be 3,000 years old are destroyed in seven-minute video. islamic state militants have been destroying ancient relics on several cultural heritage sites. attack on the ancient site has been declared a 'war crime' by u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon.
mamadou sakho tweeted a picture of him and steven gerrard heading to paris. liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal in the premier league on saturday in the champions league. the liverpool defender is known for his charity work away from the field. l liverpool face blackburn at the stade dejerine on wednesday.
ander herrera scored a brace against aston villa without actually looking at the ball. the manchester united midfielder appears to have his eyes closed. six of seven of herrera's seven goals have been scored without looking at goal. the 25-year-old joined the red devils for £29million in the summer.
andre-pierre gignac opened the scoring for marseille after half an hour against paris st germain. blaise matuidi equalised for the hosts before half-time. marquinhos and jeremy morel scored own goals to make it 2-1 to psg. zlatan ibrahimovic scored a late own goal to make the game 3-2 for the visitors. psg came from behind twice to win the game and move top of the ligue 1 table.
the 36-year-old daredevil will walk atop the orlando eye as it turns on april 29. wallenda previously walked atop a ferris wheel in santa cruz, california. he is the great-grandson of karl wallenda who fell to his death in puerto rico.
seven baby foxes were discovered in a cardboard box left by a clothing donation bin in a car park in pennsylvania. the newborn cubs were only 10 days old and weighed around six ounces each. they were taken in by the pocono wildlife rehabilitation and educational center. the cubs are being bottle-fed special fox milk and formula and will be released back into the wild.
the new main stand at anfield will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season. steel foundations for the new stand are now taller than the existing structure. work on the main stand is expected to be finished in 15 months time. anfield's main stand will be able to seat 21,000 spectators. liverpool hosted newcastle in premier league on monday.
man was kicked out of neely's grog house in port st lucie, miami, florida, after paying with bounced checks. he returned with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer. bouncer tackled the man to the ground and chased after him. the man set the man on fire and was taken to the hospital with serious burns.
roberto soriano opened the scoring for sampdoria at the san siro . former samuel eto'o laid on the opening goal for roberto soriano. nigel de jong's spectacular overhead kick took a deflection off alfred duncan's leg to equalise for ac milan. the dutch midfielder scored the equaliser after 74 minutes.
camilla, 26, wore a daring backless black dress at the olivier awards with mastercard in london on sunday. she was joined by her england rugby captain boyfriend chris robshaw. the couple are 'pre-engaged' and plan to get married in the near future. camilla showed off more than she bargained for in the revealing floor-length dress.
real sociedad drew 2-2 with deportivo la coruna in san sebastian on saturday afternoon. a xabi prieto penalty and a lucas perez equaliser were the only goals of the game. gonzalo castro scored for david moyes' side in the 57th minute but it wasn't enough.
jury selection has begun for the murder trial of 17-year-old chancey luna accused of shooting chris lane. lane, 22, from melbourne, was shot in the back on august 16, 2013. lane was jogging along a road in duncan, oklahoma, when he was killed. if found guilty, luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release.
unnamed 13-year-old boy from medina, ohio, gave out $100 notes at claggett middle school in medina. he and his friends went on a spending spree at a friend's house after school. police have recovered $7,000 of the man's savings from his bedside table.
hln's the daily share video shows price differences between men and women's versions of the exact same products and services. the practice of gender-biased pricing discrimination is legal in almost every state in the us. women make, on average, 78 cents on the dollar more than men.
jordan spieth carded a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the masters. the 21-year-old leads the 79th masters by five shots going into the final round. world no 1 rory mcilroy and tiger woods are in a five-way tie for fifth. phil mickelson and charley hoffman are five shots behind spieth.
matt kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. he labelled his pregnant wife a 'c***' during an episode of sbs's heat in the kitchen in 2004. former nrl player mark geyer also had anger issues and appears on insight on tuesday. the proud father-of-five said he missed out on the births of his children because of his uncontrollable rage. he credits his turnaround to being a father and turning his life around.
the 75-year-old man was playing golf at the palmer sea reef golf course at port douglas in queensland. a man was bitten on the leg by a crocodile on monday afternoon. the man suffered a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf. he believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking at his golf ball. clive palmer owns the golf course and posted his well wishes to the man on his twitter account.
didier drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal at chelsea. the 37-year-old returned to stamford bridge last summer after leaving the club in 2012. ivorian striker insists he is not planning to retire at the end of the season.
josi harrison, laura lefebvre, and hailey walden were bullied into sending nude pictures to a boy at clatskanie middle school in oregon. they reported ordeal to school officials but were told to'suck it up' after sending one they were blackmailed into sending more. principal and police chief said they would be charged with child pornography for the distribution of photos. two years after filing a civil claim against the school district, it was ordered to pay $225,000 to the girls.
liverpool beat newcastle 4-3 in a seven goal thriller at anfield on april 1996. martin tyler classed the game as his favourite game of all time. manchester united and newcastle were playing for the premier league title at the time.    the game still holds a place in tyler's personal archive and he still remembers the iconic shots.
wolfsburg are showing an interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez. the mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at real madrid. wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker and have also considered edin dzeko at manchester city. united are understood to have made a revised contract offer to andreas pereira. liverpool still anticipate goalkeeper norberto neto will join juventus.
deputies are filmed chasing after eric harris, 44, in tulsa, oklahoma, on april 2 after he fled during a sting operation. he was allegedly caught trying to buy drugs and a gun from cops in a parking lot. reserve deputy robert bates, 73, ran up to suspect and tried to 'get the situation under control' but mistakenly fired his gun instead of his taser. after firing one round, he drops his gun from the recoil and says in shock: 'oh, i shot him'   deputies tackle harris to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach, before calling him a'motherf***er'
stevan jovetic looks likely to leave the etihad this summer. roberto mancini has opened talks with manchester city about a deal for the forward. inter milan have proposed an initial loan deal for joveic but city are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis. inter are also interested in a move for manchester's yaya toure.
mario gomez has been linked with a move to barcelona in the summer. but the german striker insists he is keen to stay at fiorentina. gomez joined the viola for £17million from bayern munich in july 2013. the 29-year-old insists he would reject the chance of playing alongside neymar and lionel messi.
santi cazorla has said he is happy to stay at arsenal despite interest from atletico madrid. the 30-year-old midfielder has been linked with a move back to his homeland. but he admits that 'you never know what the future will bring'    the spaniard has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season for arsenal.
pedro has only started only 12 league games for barcelona this season under luis enrique. the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the club this summer. pedro admits it is logical that there is talk of him leaving barcelona after limited playing time.
ronny deila wants to keep manchester city defender jason denayer on loan for another season. celtic boss will ask manchester to extend his loan deal next season. hearts captain danny wilson is also among deila's defensive targets. denayer is due to spend pre-season with his parent club after the season.
raymond billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres and needed crutches. grandfather-of-four claimed £15,000 in incapacity benefit for back and knee problems. but fraud investigators secretly filmed him playing for his sunday league team. he was filmed running and jumping as he took to the pitch for his pub football team. billam admitted benefit fraud and was sentenced to a 26-week suspended prison sentence.
arsenal chief executive ivan gazidis says he is 'not happy' with second place in the premier league. the gunners won their eighth game in a row on saturday to move four points clear in second.    but he says the club will 'keep pushing' chelsea, but admits winning the title is unlikely.
chelsea technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain to watch atletico madrid centre back miranda. the 31-year-old has one year left on his contract at atletico. miranda has also been offered to manchester united and manchester city. the defender has yet to agree a new deal with the spanish side.
brett anthony o'connor has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial. the former head of child safety at education queensland has been charged with child sex offences. he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago. brett anthony's lawyer, phillip mulherin, applied for a suppression order. magistrate michael dakin refused the request and agreed to suppress the details of the victims and witnesses.
chelsea goalkeeper thibault courtois was in superb form as chelsea beat queens park rangers on sunday. the belgian has struggled in recent weeks and his error against hull led to a goal. but he said he never doubted himself during his indifferent spell of form.    cour tois said he has not lost any sleep over his errors of recent weeks.
a handful of manchester city fans were ejected from old trafford for allegedly mocking the munich air disaster. police praised the 'overwhelming majority' of fans after just eight arrests were made at the derby. manchester united won 4-2 in the derby on sunday. a total of 23 people died in the 1958 disaster.
zarina diyas and heather watson were the seeded casualties at the family circle cup in charleston. british number one watson lost to croatian teen donna vekic. irina-camelia begu and mona barthel both progressed in straight sets.
stephen curry scored 45 points as golden state warriors beat portland trail blazers 116-105. curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his own nba record of 272 made in a season. pau gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as the chicago bulls beat miami heat 89-78.
liz the bearded dragon lives with owner shannen hussein, 21, on her hobby farm in melbourne. the reptile responds to her owner when asked 'are you hungry'   she is rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat, which she 'absolutely loves'
lewis hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for this weekend's chinese grand prix. the briton is bidding to win his fourth chinese race of the season. kimi raikkonen was second with daniel ricciardo third and sebastian vettel fourth. daniil kvyat's brakes caught fire during the second practice session.
the new chief executive of rotherham council could be paid up to £40,000 more than outgoing boss martin kimber. council will now offer up to. £200,000 to candidates, rather than the £160,000 enjoyed by martin. he left in december after a report said 1,400 children had suffered sexual abuse.
reanne evans faces 1997 world champion ken doherty in her first qualifier for the world championship. evans is the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion. the 29-year-old wants to become the first woman ever to reach the finals.
world no 1 novak djokovic beat scotsman andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the miami open final at key biscayne on sunday. murray has lost his last seven matches to the serbian world no 1. the pair battled to a three-set victory with four breaks of serve in the first set before the tie-break .
cleveland cavaliers small forward lebron james says he would pick himself for mvp if he could. nba players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time this summer. cleveland have secured the central division title and will be no 2 seed in the eastern conference.
liam stewart is the son of rock star rod stewart and former model rachel hunter. the 20-year-old was set to make his senior great britain debut at the world championships. stewart sustained a shoulder injury during spokane chiefs' western hockey league play-off series.
stuart armstrong joined celtic from dundee united during the january transfer window. the midfielder is hoping to win the scottish premiership title next month. armstrong lost to st johnstone in the final of the scotish cup last year. the 23-year-old says winning the title would help make up for the disappointment of the final.
kyle naughton faces a six-week lay-off after suffering ankle ligament damage. david meyler was sent off for the challenge on the swansea right-back on saturday. the full back will miss the rest of the season with the injury.   the hull midfielder was shown a straight red for the hefty challenge.
al kellock will start at lock against cardiff blues at scotstoun on friday night. dougie hall is retiring after 13 years of professional rugby. both players have played nearly 300 matches for glasgow warriors. gethin jenkins is a doubt for cardiff with a calf strain.
celtic legend billy mcneill was the first british team captain to lift the european cup in 1967. he won nine consecutive league championship titles as a player and manager for the club. celtic are to erect a bronze statue of the club's all-time captain. the statue will be positioned on the recently opened celtics way.
san antonio beat houston  110-98 to leave top three teams in the nba's southwest division separated by half a game. memphis pulled even with houston by routing new orleans 110-74. cleveland secured the central division title and no.2 seed in the east by beating milwaukee . atlanta completed a season sweep of brooklyn by winning 114-111 at the nets.
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove when they face liverpool on monday. john carver's side have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger. newcastle travel to anfield to play liverpool in the premier league. carver has threatened to make changes to the team for the game.
liverpool are watching monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia. the france international has impressed liverpool scouts this season in europe and ligue 1. club also monitoring james milner as his contract at manchester city expires. liverpool remain keen on signing danny ings from burnley in the summer.
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at liverpool on monday night. newcastle have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger. the magpies face liverpool at anfield in the premier league. carver's side have scored just once in their last four league games.
gareth bale returned from international duty with wales on wednesday. real madrid face 19th-placed granada on sunday. carlo ancelotti's side have lost just one of their last five games in la liga. bale scored a double for wales against israel in euro 2016 qualifying.
real sociedad remain hopeful of signing danny ings when his contract expires in the summer. liverpool, manchester city and manchester united have all shown interest in the striker. ings' contract at burnley expires at the end of the season. the 23-year-old is currently playing for the england under 21 international.
fernando torres believes diego simeone's understanding of the team's weaknesses has been the key to atletico madrid's success. atletico face real madrid in the champions league final on tuesday night. the la liga champions lost to carlo ancelotti's side in last season's final in lisbon. torres has praised the coaching style of atletico manager diego simeone.
lazio beat empoli 4-0 at the stadio olimpico to move up to second in the league table. napoli beat fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place. palermo record just their second away win of the season with a 3-1 win at udinese. roma are now 13 points behind leaders juventus after drawing 1-1 at torino.
rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam at the masters this week. only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the masters era. the northern irishman is heavily favoured to win at the augusta national. a win would also be the third major he has won in a row for the 25-year-old.
wakefield wildcats coach james webster said after the game he does not have enough players. the wildcats lost 80-0 to warrington wolves in the first utility super league match of the season. wakefield are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats.
sergio aguero scored his 100th goal for manchester city against united at old trafford. the argentine striker has scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for the club. manuel pellegrini faces a battle to keep hold of his star man. paul pogba and raheem sterling are potential summer targets for city. wilfried bony has only scored once in five appearances since joining city.
rhinos prop jamie peacock scored a try double as leeds beat salford. ash handley, rob burrow and zak hardaker also crossed for leeds. niall evalds scored a brace for the red devils. it was leeds' 20th successive victory over the rhinos.
mike brown hasn't played since the final round of the rbs 6 nations on march 21. harlequins director of rugby conor o'shea is concerned at the increasing force of rugby's collisions. george north has been ruled out until the end of the month with concussion.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford in the manchester derby. ashley young, marouane fellaini, juan mata and chris smalling scored for the red devils. united opened up a four-point gap on city in the premier league. united had lost their last four meetings with city.
diego costa limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury in chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke on saturday. the striker is likely to miss the rest of the title run-in with a hamstring injury. costa could return within two weeks and is determined to face arsenal on april 26.
manuel pellegrini could be out of a job at manchester city at the end of the season. if he leaves, he will have left behind barely a trace at the premier league club. there is no desire at the club to sack the manager. but manchester's squad is too old, too foreign and too old. recruitment has been poor, and txiki begiristain has failed to live up to his reputation.
manchester city lost 2-1 at crystal palace in the premier league on monday night. crystal palace's entire team cost less than half one of manchester city's substitutes. eliaquim mangala was kept on the bench but did not make it off the bench. manchester have spent a total of £500m on players this season.
john stones was on barcelona's list of defensive transfer targets last summer. barcelona signed jeremy mathieu from valencia and thomas vermaelen from arsenal. stones signed a new £30,000-a-week five-year deal at everton. the club were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season.
roberto martinez has rejected claims that he is stubborn in his tactical approach. the everton manager has been criticised for playing out from the back. but martinez insists that his tactics are 'innovative'    martinez made changes to his side's formation against southampton to compensate for the absence of romelu lukaku.
romelu lukaku's new agent mino raiola said he would have never sanctioned the striker's £28million move to everton. roberto martinez has dismissed claims his star striker could leave goodison park. martinez says he is not worried that romelu's agent will destabilise the player.
tottenham striker harry kane could miss the under 21 european championship. tottenham will travel to malaysia for a post-season friendly next month. mauricio pochettino wants the 21-year-old to miss the tournament. kane captained his side in 0-0 draw with burnley on sunday.
james mccarthy believes ross barkley is capable of handling the pressure on him. everton beat southampton 1-0 at goodison park. barkley was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go, a decision that brought boos from the crowd. mccarty said he thought the youngster was 'different class' despite a mistake with an ambitious pass.
jack nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the masters at augusta national. camilo villegas fired two in the space of five holes but could not win the par-3 contest. nobody has ever become par-three and masters champion in the same year. kevin streelman won the contest on a play-off hole.
cesc fabregas was caught in the face by charlie adam's arm during chelsea's 2-1 win against stoke city on saturday. the spain international was left with a bloody nose after the clash at stamford bridge. the blues extended their lead at the top of barclays premier league to seven points. cesc fabregas showed off the nasty-looking gash on his face after the game.
tiger woods was spotted dancing while practising at augusta national on monday. the former world no 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music. australia's marc leishman has withdrawn from the masters due to personal reasons. woods embraced miguel angel jimenez on wednesday morning.
masters chairman billy payne has ruled out starting a women's masters at augusta national. marc leishman has withdrawn from this year's competition to be with his wife. camilo villegas recorded two aces during the par-3 contest. jack nicklaus recorded a hole in one at the fourth in the masters.
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge in the premier league on saturday. jose mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the table. brazilian midfielder willian wants his team-mates to remain focused in their final eight games. the blues boss has given his squad the confidence to perform, according to willian.
harry kane has scored 29 goals in 44 premier league games for tottenham this season. eden hazard is the odds-on favourite to be named pfa players' player of the year. diego costa has scored 18 goals in 30 appearances for chelsea. sergio aguero has scored 31 goals in 31 matches for manchester city.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford. louis van gaal believes manchester city's players may struggle to get to grips with being fourth in the table. manchester have not beaten manchester at home since wayne rooney's wonder goal in february 2011. ander herrera opened the scoring for manchester united in the 43rd minute.    benteke scored the only goal of the game in the 80th minute to put manchester ahead of crystal palace at selhurst park.
marcos rojo and angel di maria flew to portugal after manchester united's 3-1 win over aston villa on saturday. rojo posed with his family on a private plane along with his argentina team-mate. both players played the full 90 minutes in the win at old trafford. sarah watson claims she was offered money to spend the night with rojo.
liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho says winning the fa cup would save their season. fifth-placed liverpool are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games left in the premier league. brendan rodgers' side face fa cup quarter-final replay at blackburn on wednesday night.
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford in the premier league on saturday. louis van gaal's side moved up to third in the table after the win. ander herrera opened the scoring for manchester united in the 43rd minute. wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley on 79 minutes to put united 2-0 ahead. christian benteke scored a late goal to make it 3-0 for the red devils. united are now eight points clear of aston villa at the top of the table.
alan pardew is a contender for manager of the year with his record at newcastle and crystal palace. 'team pardew' would sit in eighth place in the premier league with his records at both clubs this season. pardew's crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday. john carver's toon are currently in the relegation zone at st james park.
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in swansea's 3-1 win over hull on saturday and tops this week's ea sports' performance index. the striker has scored four goals in his last six premier league games. charlie austin is the runner up with a game index score of 52.9. eden hazard is the third best premier league player of the weekend.
brendan rodgers could recall dejan lovren for the fa cup quarter-final at blackburn on wednesday. liverpool were thrashed 4-1 by arsenal in the premier league on saturday. rodgers has been out of the liverpool team recently, but could call on the defender. kolo toure started in the place of martin skrtel at arsenal.
alex pritchard put brentford ahead in the 21st minute with a stunning strike. but derby equalised in the 92nd minute as darren bent scored in stoppage time to draw 1-1 with derby.    derby had a second-half goal cleared off the line by jonathan douglas.
tony pulis has discussed pre-season plans with saido berahino. west brom manager believes the england under 21 striker will stay at the hawthorns beyond the summer. berahinos has said he wants to play european football. berhino is likely to be away with gareth southgate's under 21 side in the czech republic.
leicester are bottom of the premier league and six points adrift of safety. boss nigel pearson insists leicester have no margin for error in relegation fight. the foxes travel to west brom on saturday in the league. matt upson and dean hammond are back in training after returning from injury.
barcelona drew 2-2 at sevilla in the champions league on saturday night. neymar was replaced by luis enrique with the score at 2-1. the brazilian forward was left fuming after being substituted by the barcelona star. luises enrique has replaced the forward in 15 of his 34 matches this season. in spain, attention is focused on the madrid derby, while in italy the focus is on lazio's win.
watford captain troy deeney has scored 20 goals in the championship this season. the watford striker is hoping to lead the hornets to the premier league next season. watford are currently just one point behind championship leaders bournemouth with five games to play .  deeney was named the sky bet championship player of the month for march.
jeremy peace has put the club up for sale for £150million. chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained at west bromwich albion. tony pulis is adamant peace will only sell the club to a buyer who wants to invest heavily. peace is open to selling the club but only to a suitable owner.
michael owen says raheem sterling is a better player than mesut ozil according to bt sport pundit. the former liverpool forward made the claim before arsenal lost 4-1 against liverpool at the emirates on saturday. ozil scored arsenal's second goal in the game. owen believes there should not be a debate about whether sterling is more talented.
robert lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as bayern munich claimed a narrow victory against borussia dortmund . the poland striker scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. pep guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the bundesliga.
mateo musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during villarreal's 1-1 draw at getafe. the 24-year-old is expected to be sidelined for at least six months. santi cazorla tweeted support for the defender.
bayern munich face bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final on wednesday. bastian schweinsteiger suffered an ankle injury during bayern's 1-0 win over dortmund on saturday. the midfielder is doubtful for the game after limping off with the injury. tom starke has been ruled out for four weeks with an ankle ligament injury.
bayern munich travel to bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final on wednesday. manager pep guardiola has a number of injuries ahead of the game. manuel neuer's side beat borussia dortmund 1-0 in the bundesliga on saturday.
manuel pellegrini says manchester city's academy players are not ready for the first team. premier league regulations require clubs to have at least eight homegrown players. frank lampard is leaving the club in the summer and james milner could leave. city manager may look to buy english players like raheem sterling and jack wilshere.
gary caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' following wigan's 2-2 draw against fulham. the latics came from behind to earn a point at craven cottage on friday. kit symons' side are nine points clear of the drop zone .
gary hooper came off the bench to score a stoppage-time winner against bolton. the former celtic striker lobbed adam bogdan to earn norwich all three points. graham dorrans had given the visitors the lead in the ninth minute. adam le fondre equalised for the visitors with a deflected free-kick. norwich remain second in the sky bet championship after the win.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 in the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday. louis van gaal's side are now four points clear in third place in the premier league. man of the match ashley young, marouane fellaini, juan mata and chris smalling scored for united.gary neville has hailed manchester united as a team that is 'the real deal' after the win.
england beat championship leaders south africa 21-14 in the final of the sevens world series in tokyo. phil burgess, charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored tries in the victory. it is england's first title on the series since feb. 2013.
tracey neville is phil neville's twin and sister to england netball coach gary neville. tracey is taking england's netball team to this summer's world cup in australia. she is currently the head coach of manchester thunder. neville believes she is a natural leader like her footballing brothers.
wing's chinese restaurant is in manchester city centre and is a favourite of manchester united players. ownermr wing is a regular at the five-star venue. radamel falcao dined at wing's on the day he signed for united. wayne rooney and his wife, coleen, are also regular visitors. the restaurant is more popular with united players but attracts a wide range of celebrities regularly.
arsene wenger's side beat liverpool 3-0 at the emirates on saturday in the premier league. the gunners have won seven league games in a row and sit second in the table. but arsene's side are yet to challenge for the title this season. alexis sanchez, mesut ozil and jack wilshere are the best players in the league. but wenger needs to strengthen in defence, midfield and forward to be title challengers.
kenny miller fears rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form. rangers slumped to a 3-0 defeat at queen of the south on thursday night. the light blues are currently third in the scottish championship.
jake drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a west java jail nine months after he was put behind bars. the 23-year-old surfer was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter. drage was taken into custody in june last year. the surfer said he cannot wait to get back in the water after his release.
tennis champion novak djokovic shouted at his backroom team during the miami open final. he grabbed a towel from a ball boy who was caught up in the cross fire. the ball boy was startled by the loud confrontation. djkovic issued an apology to the youngster and his parents after his victory. the serb defeated britain's andy murray in the final.
every one of african football's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in the presidential election. issa hayatou has promised unanimous support for the president of the confederation of africa. blatter is running for a fifth term and has three challengers standing against him.
mikel gonzalez opened the scoring for atletico madrid after just 10 minutes. antoine griezmann doubled the hosts' lead in the 10th minute at the vicente calderon. real sociedad keeper geronimo rulli was forced to make a series of saves to keep his side in the game.    fernando torres came on for the final 30 minutes but was unable to make an impact on the match.
cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid in the 2-0 win at rayo vallecano on wednesday. the 30-year-old becomes only the third player in madrid's history to reach the milestone. he has scored 161 of his goals in the santiago bernabeu and has scored 60 in the champions league.
ex-tottenham and england star gary mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after his leg went cold at 1am in 2013. his diabetes caused an artery to be clogged and needed emergency surgery to save the limb. surgeons had to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the wound. he was left with a 30inch scar on his leg after the five-hour operation to save his leg. mab buttbutt was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at 17 and will never play football again.
the 46-year-old works out three times a week with her long-term trainer mandy ingber. her pt sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga. jennifer aniston shows off her toned arms at the oscars.
bizarre incident was caught on cctv and shows a man trying to lift the exit barrier at nottingham train station's car park. british transport police have released image of the man in the hope he will be recognised. incident occurred at the multi-storey car park on saturday, march 14.
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final first leg at the vicente calderon on tuesday. jan oblak made a string of excellent saves to deny gareth bale and james rodriguez. carlo ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the bernabeu next week.
star stopped by the couple's wedding reception in berkshire and sung 'a million love songs' as a wedding gift. danielle jones, 33, and her husband darrel were married on good friday. she and her bridesmaids had asked the singer to perform at their wedding. barlow had promised to surprise the couple over twitter.
deanna robinson, of quinlan, texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents' home. she said deputies and state workers from child protective services were present to remove her 18-month-old son. robinson spent six days in jail after being charged with resisting arrest, interfering with child custody and assaulting an officer. she received the air force's highest honor, the airman's medal, after helping drag soldiers from a burning plane in iraq.
amanda peake glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer. she was a fitness lover who co-owned a fitness center and ran the palmetto half marathon on saturday. just a month before her death, she had completed the myrtle beach marathon with her brother hand-in-hand. she is survived by her husband benji and four children.
wood, 39, was pictured hugging sam, 8, and charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the augusta national golf club, georgia, ahead of his latest attempt at a comeback at the masters 2015. the former world no 1 recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since september 1996. his children are the legacy of his six year marriage to former swedish model elin nordegren which ended in 2009.
real madrid and atletico madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final at the vicente calderon on tuesday. the second leg will take place at the bernabeu next week. jan oblak was man of the match in goal for atletico as real keeper iker casillas kept a clean sheet.
kieran lee scored the only goal of the game in the 75th minute for sheffield wednesday. brentford's alan judge missed a late chance to equalise for the home side. the owls claimed all three points against championship play-off hopefuls b brentford.
jake hall scored for non-league side boston united in their conference north match with tamworth on monday. his on-off girlfriend chloe lewis was in the stands to see him score with his first touch. towie star james 'arg' argent was also in the crowd to see hall's goal. reports this week suggested hall has secretly been dating hollywood actress lindsay lohan.
andy murray, 27, is marrying long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane this weekend. novak djokovic, tim henman and jamie delgado will not be among the guests. the tennis star has said there won't be any celebrity friends at the wedding.
dozhd tv fears clinton's video may fall foul of putin's 'gay propaganda' laws. independent network could have faced a £13,200 fine for promoting homosexuality to under-18s. it features jared milrad and nate johnson, a gay couple planning a wedding. the pair are holding hands in the video, talking about their upcoming nuptials. but russia has recently been putting in place more repressive lgbt rights laws.
cara lee-fanus was rushed to st peter's hospital in chertsey, surrey, but died from a head injury the next day. doctors discovered bruises all over her body and burn marks on her head. her mother, kirsty lee, 25, and ex boyfriend alistair wayne bowen, 35, appeared at guildford magistrates' court today. the pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child.
richie benaud was farewelled at a small private funeral in sydney, attended by only immediate family members. the cricketing legend's wife daphne benaud organised the private ceremony. prime minister tony abbott offered to hold a state funeral for the 84-year-old former test captain. following the funeral, fellow commentators and cricketers gathered at the australian golf club for a memorial.
huddersfield drew 0-0 at brighton to maintain their status in the sky bet championship. demarai gray scored twice as birmingham drew 2-2 with blackburn rovers at st andrew's. adam le fondre's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for bolton against charlton.
the 44-year-old, named by locals as donna christie, slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow. she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone. she is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries. it took two hours for police, paramedics and the lithgow volunteer rescue squad to rescue her.
rolando aarons was in contention to play for the magpies' under 21s against derby on wednesday. the 19-year-old has suffered another injury setback and may not play again this season. newcastle have lost in each of their last five premier league games.
some 1,500 couples in britain have had babies using the revolutionary embryoscope technology. the technology allows medics and parents to watch back the moment of conception. it was developed in the us and is helping scientists learn more about the ivf process. sally and stephen morley are one of the couples who have used the technology.
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday. luis enrique has played down neymar's angry reaction to be substituted against sevilla. the brazilian forward was substituted in the 2-2 la liga draw. barca coach has refused to reveal who will start the match at the parc des princes.
dane bouris appeared at waverley court on tuesday charged with the alleged assault of his girlfriend, alexandra dankwa. bouris is the son of apprentice host and wizard home loans founder mark bouris. he was arrested at his sydney home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend. he pleaded not guilty in court and was a contender for 2013's cleo bachelor of the year.
not being able to sleep, losing your keys and being stuck in traffic are the most stressful everyday incidents. half of adults in the uk said a sleepless night was the thing that stressed them out the most. running out of phone battery and losing an important document are also common everyday emergencies. 2,005 adults in uk were surveyed by direct line on what makes them stressed.
comedian limmy grins manically as the three-inch house spider crawls out of his mouth and across his chin. the 38-year-old stars in the bbc comedy limmy's show. limmy posted the video to his fans on his twitter account. the spider runs down across his face and along his cheek.
rose devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment by janakan siva. she now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back. general dental council has investigated the work of the dentist at menlove dental practice in liverpool. she has had all her lower teeth removed and needed bone grafts.
liverpool boss brendan rodgers has insisted that raheem sterling will not be sold this summer. the 20-year-old has attracted interest from a number of big clubs. sterling has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week at liverpool. manchester united, manchester city, arsenal and bayern munich are all interested in the midfielder.
isaiah jay brown scored two goals as chelsea defeated shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the uefa youth league final. the 18-year-old was named on the bench for the game against roma on sunday. dominic solanke scored the other goal in the final. izzy brown was the star of the show as he scored the opening goal of the game for the blues.
manchester city midfielder yaya toure is a target for serie a side inter milan this summer. inter general director marco fassone fears city's asking price and toure's wages could be too much. inter are also working on new deals for mauro icardi and mateo kovacic. inter goalkeeper samir handanovic has been linked with roma and manchester united.
jared milrad and nate johnson, from chicago, illinois, were featured walking hand in hand in hillary clinton's video announcing her 2016 white house bid. the couple are campaigning democrats and plan to get married this summer. milrad worked for obama in 2008 and johnson supported clinton in 2008.
kevin wimmer is a £4.4million target for tottenham. austria manager marcel koller says the defender will move to england this summer. the 22-year-old says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like spurs.
paul scholes has advised raheem sterling to stay at liverpool and continue to develop. sterling says he is not ready to sign a new deal at the club. sterling has been linked with arsenal and arsenal. scholes says sterling should focus on playing every week for liverpool.
arsenal, newcastle united and southampton have checked on caen midfielder n'golo kante. caen are willing to sell the 24-year-old for around £5million. marseille have been in contact with caen over signing the midfielder.
chelsea and manchester city are willing to pay the £13 million buyout clause for jose luis gaya. the 19-year-old is real madrid's first choice left-back for next season. gaya is a key player for valencia and has played 27 league games this season. he is a replacement for aleksandar kolarov at the club.
lebron james posted an emotional farewell letter to lauren hill via twitter on friday, just hours after the teenager passed away from terminal brain cancer. the cleveland cavaliers player, 30, praised the 19-year-old for the 'leadership' and'strength' she showed. lauren was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma, a rare form of brain cancer, two years ago. she played basketball for mount st. joseph university in ohio and raised more than $1.5million for research into the cancer. doctors told her she would not live past december and she passed away at the hospital in cincinnati.
national bar association is calling for officer clarence habersham, 37, to be fired for falsifying a report. he was the second officer to arrive at the body of walter scott, 50, after michael slager. slager, 33, was charged with murder after shooting father-of-four five times in the back during a traffic stop last week. video contradicts slager's account of the incident and shows him running away from the scene. haberham was the only officer to report that he tried to render aid to the victim and did not report michael's actions leading up to shooting.
robbie williams has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his mansion. the pop star angered led zeppelin guitarist jimmy page with earlier plans to expand the 46-room home. he bought the property for £17.5million in 2013 and has submitted fresh plans to extend it. rocker page was upset that building work in his garden would cause disruption to the neighbourhood. the rocker hired a team of experts to help him rebuff the star's original plans.
bricks fell from the top of a building in cleveland on monday afternoon crushing a minivan that was parked below. no one was injured but the building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the accident. officials are trying to determine what caused the bricks to fall. the building was not under construction and no renovations were being done on the building.
edson cholbi do nascimento has been hired as a coach of a brazilian team. mogi mirim currently have former brazil player rivaldo as their president. edinho was convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang. pele's son is appealing a 33-year prison sentence.
bruno labbadia has been appointed as hamburg's new coach on a 15-month contract. hamburg are anchored in last place in the bundesliga with six matches to play. the former european champions are looking to bounce back from a poor season. thomas tuchel had been in talks to take over at the club.
child was outside shops with her older sister in brighton, east sussex, when dog attacked her. girl suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following incident in findon road, whitehawk. police are hunting the owner of a'staffy-type' dog after the attack.
john carver insists his side have 'got six cup finals' left to play in the premier league. john carver has won just two games since taking over at newcastle. newcastle are just nine points above the relegation zone. magpies lost 2-0 at liverpool on monday night.
erica leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer after she allegedly squirted breast milk at a female officer during a strip search. the mother of three was arrested on march 25 at rockingham police station in west australia. she has been granted bail after spending almost three weeks in custody. the woman has two previous charges of assaulting a officer and faces up to 18 months in jail.
siem de jong suffered a collapsed lung in february. the attacking midfielder could return to action before the end of the current campaign. john carver's side have lost five league games on the spin . the 26-year-old will feature for newcastle's reserve side on wednesday night.
miracle godson drowned after jumping into deep waters at east quarry near wigan on friday. he was reported missing after going for a swim on hottest day of the year so far. friends tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers. lancashire police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held.
hibs would have to hand over 50 per cent of play-off gate revenues to lower league clubs under spfl rules. easter road club stand to make £1million from sell-out games against rangers and motherwell. hibs want to slash profits to 25 per cent, but spfl are against the move.
aljaz bedene can't currently play for great britain in the davis cup. the itf ruled that he can't play for slovenia in the competition. bedene wants to overturn the ruling and represent his new nation. world 99 has greg rusedski's support in his bid to overturn itf's ruling. ruseski moved from canada to represent great bb in 1995.
lewis hamilton claimed pole position for the malaysian grand prix ahead of nico rosberg and sebastian vettel. hamilton was four-hundredths of a second quicker than team-mate nico. vettels' ferrari teammate will start third on the grid. jenson button and fernando alonso will start 17th and 18th.
justin rose will be in the final pairing with masters leader jordan spieth on sunday. phil mickelson and charley hoffman will tee off with spieth and rory mcilroy. spieth is four shots clear at the top of the leaderboard ahead of the final round. adam scott and lee westwood are in the other final pair with adam and bubba watson.
world no 1 novak djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set of the miami open final against andy murray. he shouted at his backroom team and a ball boy during the confrontation. the serbian grabbed a towel from the youngster and grabbed a code violation.    the world no 1 has since issued an apology via facebook to the ball boy and his parents.
ap mccoy rode don cossack to victory in the melling chase race at aintree on friday. the grand national rider will ride shutthefrontdoor in the crabbie’s grand national on saturday. mccoy won the big race on the opening day of the festival on jezki.
lewis hamilton wins pole position for the penultimate grand prix in shanghai. nico rosberg will start second with sebastian vettel third. both toro rossos fail to make the top-10 shootout and will start 13th and 14th. valtteri bottas fastest in final session to determine the top 10.
daniel ricciardo has urged his red bull team to go back to basics after a troubled start to 2015. the australian driver was third quickest in practice for this weekend's chinese grand prix. red bull have struggled at the start of the season. lewis hamilton was top of the timesheets for mercedes in practice.
jonathan trott last played a test for england in november 2013. he withdrew from the ashes tour with a stress-related illness. trott was making his return to test cricket for the first time in 17 months. he was caught at first slip after just three balls in his first innings. jerome taylor dismissed trott for a duck in the first over. england slumped to 1-1 after just five balls in antigua.
jimmy anderson was presented with a silver cap after reaching 100 test matches for england. both teams paid respects to richie benaud before the start of play in antigua. moeen ali scored 62 for worcestershire in the county championship and bowled nine overs. sir curtly ambrose and sir andy roberts were honoured at sir vivian richards stadium. chris gayle chose to play in the ipl rather than for west indies.
jonathan brownlee won the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series on saturday. the 24-year-old beat mario mola by 19 seconds in australia. the yorkshireman has won consecutive races in the series. brownlee leads the rankings with 2,186 points from world champion javier gomez.
manchester united legends gary neville, phil neville and paul scholes joined manchester thunder netball team to promote superleague semi-finals. the thunder are coached by gary and phil's sister tracey neville.   the video features england women's footballers and several soap stars.
costel pantilimon was in goal for sunderland as they lost 4-0 to aston villa at the stadium of light. dick advocaat took over as manager after gus poyet was sacked. the black cats are three points clear of the relegation zone under the dutchman. the goalkeeper admits he thought about relegation after the defeat.
ronny deila's celtic drew 1-1 with inverness caley thistle in the scottish premiership on saturday. leigh griffiths opened the scoring for ronny's side in the third minute. edward ofere equalised for the visitors in the second half. the two sides meet in the scottish cup semi final at hampden on sunday.
ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies in antigua. bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the caribbean in 2009. bell put on 177 with joe root and added 130 with ben stokes for the fifth wicket. alastair cook was bowled out for 11 on day one of the test.
jackie mcnamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results. celtic midfielder stuart armstrong has backed under-fire dundee united boss to turn around his season. united have won just once since selling armstrong and gary mackay-steven. after 10 games without a win, united lost 3-1 at dens park.
roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas over his future at the end of the season. everton manager admits he wants to keep loanee aaron lennon. mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the champions league.
celtic drew 1-1 with inverness caledonian thistle in the scottish premiership on saturday. leigh griffiths opened the scoring for celtic in the third minute. edward ofere equalised for the champions from close range a minute later.
rangers beat raith rovers 4-0 at ibrox on sunday afternoon. nicky clark and haris vuckic scored a goal apiece for the home side. stuart mccall's side bounced back from thursday's defeat by queen of the south. rangers and hibs remain level on 61 points in the championship.
nicky law and nicky clark scored as rangers beat raith rovers 4-0 in the scottish championship. stuart mccall has warned rangers to be on their guard against livingston in midweek. the ibrox travel to the bottom of the table to face livingston on wednesday.
moussa sissoko was sent off for two bookings in newcastle's 2-0 defeat at liverpool on sunday night. john carver labelled moussa's tackle on liverpool midfielder lucas as 'indefensible'   newcastle boss carver said the midfielder could easily have been shown a straight red. carver refused to make excuses for his captain.
harry redknapp branded the situation at qpr a ‘soap opera’ and accused people of working against him. brazilian midfielder sandro says he is not at fault for qpr’s predicament. qpr are currently second from bottom of the premier league.
jordan henderson played his 47th game of season in the 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday night. liverpool vice-captain believes his side could catch manchester city in the premier league. city are four points behind liverpool in the race for the champions league. manchester lost 4-2 at manchester united, liverpool are currently fourth.
dominic solanke scored twice as chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the uefa youth league final. izzy brown was the top scorer in the tournament after scoring twice for the blues. adi viveash's side are the defending under 21 premier league champions and holders of the fa youth cup.
michael vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of england cricket. paul downton lost his job as the england and wales cricket board's managing director of cricket. ashes 2005 winning skipper is among the early frontrunners for the new role.
paul downton has been sacked as managing director of england and wales cricket board. alastair cook was sacked as one-day captain three weeks before the world cup. chairman of selectors james whitaker looks sure to follow downton through the exit door.
chelsea face shakhtar donetsk in the final of the uefa youth league in nyon, switzerland on monday afternoon. adi viveash's side beat roma 4-0 in the semi-final at the stade colovray. chelsea are the marginal favourites after reaching the final. dominic solanke has scored 11 goals in the competition for the under 19s.
sir dave brailsford has put more emphasis on the spring classics for team sky. sir bradley wiggins, geraint thomas and ian stannard are among the favourites to win the tour of flanders and paris-roubaix. ireland's classics king sean kelly believes the time has come for sky to win a monument.
david ospina has won 11 of his 12 games in the premier league since displacing wojciech szczesny as no 1 for arsenal. the colombia goalkeeper has a premier league win ratio of 91.7 per cent. he has the highest of any player to have made at least 10 premier league appearances.    former manchester united defender stefan savic won 10 of his 11 league games and arjen robben has an impressive 82.1 per cent win ratio.
a cold front coming over georgia is likely to bring more stormy weather and strong winds to august national. players endured rainy spells during practice on tuesday ahead of the start of the masters tournament. weather reports have forecast unseasonably high temperatures and thunderstorms for the four days of play. the mercury is expected to reach 90f on the first day of play at the tournament.
the masters 2015 is the first major of the year. rory mcilroy, ian poulter, graeme mcdowell and justin rose will tee off at the augusta national golf club on thursday. the graphic gives you the lowdown on every hole at the masters.
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board. downton made the call to sack kevin pietersen and reappoint peter moores as england coach. the ecb management board unanimously backed the sacking of downton. he was too accident-prone for the role, according to a board member.
dikembe mutombo was elected to the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame on monday. he was an eight-times nba all-star famous for swatting away shots and wagging his finger at opponents. mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks.
rory mcilroy will tee off alongside phil mickelson and ryan moore at augusta national on thursday. the northern irishman is bidding to become the sixth man to win golf's grand slam. tiger woods returns to action for the first time since february . the four-time green jacket winner will play alongside jamie donaldson and jimmy walker.
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road in the premier league on sunday afternoon. cesc fabregas scored a late winner in the 88th minute. the win moved jose mourinho's side seven points clear at the top of the table. didier drogba and nemanja matic also scored for the blues.
brook lopez scored 32 points and nine rebounds as brooklyn nets beat portland trail blazers. the nets close in on a play-off place in the eastern conference. the game was the only game on the nba schedule on monday. damian lillard scored 36 points for portland.
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace in the premier league on monday night football. city are nine points behind chelsea at the top of the barclays premier league table. gary neville said manchester city have a'mentality problem'   the former manchester united and england defender believes the champions cannot win back-to-back titles.
fernando torres has hailed manager diego simeone as the reason behind atletico madrid's recent success. atletico face city rivals real madrid in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday. real have not lost to atletico in six meetings since the 2014 champions league final.
jolyon palmer will drive in every friday practice session for lotus this season. the 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in formula one next year. palmer was only 0.6secs behind pastor maldonado at the chinese grand prix.
kawhi leonard scored a career-high 26 points as the san antonio spurs beat golden state warriors 107-92. indiana's paul george returned from injury as they beat miami 112-89 to revive their play-off hopes. lebron james recorded his first triple-double as the cleveland cavaliers beat the chicago bulls 99-94. houston beat oklahoma city 115-112 to end a nine-game losing streak.
jordan spieth threw away a two-shot lead to finish joint second in the final round of last year's masters. the 21-year-old came close to becoming the youngest ever masters champion. spieth believes he is better equipped to win the first major of the year after coming close on his debut in 2014. bubba watson won his second green jacket at augusta.
real madrid face atletico madrid in champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday night. reigning champions have failed to beat atletico in six attempts this season. carlo ancelotti's side lost to atletico 2-1 and 4-0 at the bernabeu. marcelo says real madrid's failure to beat their local rivals will have no bearing on the tie.
al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each as the atlanta hawks beat the brooklyn nets 131-99. paul millsap left the game early after picking up a shoulder injury in the first half. the boston celtics beat the toronto raptors 117-166 in overtime. the detroit pistons beat the miami heat 99-98. the golden state warriors beat the dallas mavericks 123-110.
roberto carlos claims to find coaching 'easy' and is targeting to become the manager of brazil. the 42-year-old former real madrid defender won the 2002 world cup as a player. carlos has worked on the sidelines with sivasspor and akhisar belediyespor.
alexis sanchez and harry kane scored for the southern all-stars in our simulated all-star game. sergio aguero opened the scoring for the northern combined xi after less than a minute. rob draper's side beat joe bernstein's team 2-1 in the match at football manager.
barcelona face psg in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday. the first-leg of the tie will take place at the parc des princes. barcelona players were put through their paces ahead of the game. defender adriano warned his team-mates they must be at their best to beat psg.
carlo ancelotti says he is not obsessed with atletico madrid ahead of euro-derby. real madrid face atletico in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday night. real are yet to win a single game in six madrid derbies this season. atletico are unbeaten in the league and atletico beat real 4-1 in last season's champions league final.
paris saint-germain playmaker lucas moura has singled out lionel messi for special praise ahead of his side's champions league clash against barcelona. brazilians and argentines are known to be rivals when it comes to football. psg play host to barcelona at parc des princes on wednesday night.
thiago silva says lionel messi, neymar and luis suarez are the best three players in the world. psg face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final at the parc des princes. the paris saint-germain defender wants his side to impose their style of play on barcelona.
chelsea are in talks with belgian side royal mouscron-peruwelz over a possible partnership. talks have been ongoing for over a month after lille cut ties with the club. cheslea are looking at alternatives to vitesse arnhem.
medhi benatia could miss both legs of bayern munich's champions league quarter-final against porto. the central defender suffered a muscle injury against bayer leverkusen on wednesday. the 27-year-old was taken off in the first half and will miss between two and four weeks. pep guardiola has a long injury list at bayern.
zlatan ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot for paris saint-germain in the first half. former arsenal defender sebastien squillaci was sent off for the foul that led to the penalty. edinson cavani scored twice in the second half as psg claimed their first trophy of the season.
south africa's sports minister fikile mbalula says fifa's ethics committee has promised to present a report in june. fifa is investigating allegations of match-fixing in the buildup to the 2010 world cup. some of the south africa national team's warm-up games are under suspicion.
a rajasthan royals player was offered money to influence a game last month. the player reported the approach to the indian cricket board's anti-corruption and security unit. the team said the player immediately reported the incident to the country's board.   the player was approached by a state team mate if he followed a 'pre-decided pattern of play'
stuart mccall replaced kenny mcdowall as manager of rangers at the end of last season. rangers lost 3-0 to queen of the south at murray park on thursday night. but the former motherwell boss insists he's loving life at ibrox. mccall insists he is taking life at rangers in his stride despite the defeat.
nikola karabatic has been accused of match fixing along with 15 other french players. the former montpellier star will stand trial for fraud after being banned by the french league. the handball star has denied placing bets on the result of a match. he was banned for two years and now plays for barcelona.
stuart mccall has spoken to tunisian defender bilel mohsni about his discipline. rangers lost 3-0 to queen of the south at palmerston on thursday night. the ibrox boss has warned the defender to keep his cool heads for the promotion run-in. mccalls side host raith on sunday in the league.
tim visser wants to end his edinburgh career lifting european silverware at the ground he will call home next season. edinburgh face newport gwent dragons in the semi-final of the challenge cup at twickenham stoop . the scots beat london irish in a dramatic quarter-final at the madejski stadium.
derek lyle opened the scoring for queen of the south in the 33rd minute at palmerston park. lewis kidd doubled the hosts' lead before half-time. lee wallace and gavin reilly scored own goals for qots in the second half. new manager stuart mccall suffered his first defeat since taking charge of rangers.
al kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the sru. the scotland lock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for glasgow and edinburgh. the 33-year-old has announced his retirement from rugby.   he grew up in football-mad bishopbriggs and only played rugby at school.
b bristol city striker aaron wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute at deepdale. preston's jermaine beckford equalised for the hosts in the second half. swindon town beat peterborough 3-0 on tuesday night to move up to second in the championship.
edinson cavani's agent claudio anelucci says a move to manchester united is a possibility this summer. united are monitoring the uruguayan striker's situation at paris saint-germain.    cavani is reportedly fed up of playing second fiddle to zlatan ibrahimovic at psg. robin van persie is a target for juventus and inter milan.
american airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of new in-flight music. new indie rock music is piped into the cabin during boarding and disembarking. the xx, haim, phantogram and hozier are some of the artists featured on the playlists. the airline's previous music was instrumental piano versions of pop songs.
gregory van der wiel says he's not interested in leaving paris saint-germain in the summer. the full back had a recent spat with the manager laurent blanc after he was dropped. the dutchman says he is happy at the club and wants to sign a new contract. dani alves is being linked with a move to the french champions.
jordon ibe posted a video on instagram of him performing the moonwalk. the liverpool winger is currently out with a knee injury. the 19-year-old is recovering from the injury. ibe has broken into the first team and is expected to return in the coming weeks.
kerry hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years. she was diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50. doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix. at just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was told she would never have children. she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers and urges other women to visit their gp.
brendan rodgers says recent defeats are down to his players, not his tactics. liverpool have lost ground in the race for the champions league places. rodgers' side host blackburn in their fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday. the reds have not created as much in the last four league games.
riff lets you film videos and uploaded them to th e app. friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video. the app was created by london-based developers through facebook's creative labs. it is available for free on ios and android and is not a hoax.
bayern munich midfielder xabi alonso falls over during 'rondo' training drill. pep guardiola put his team-mates through their paces in training. bayern lead at the top of the bundesliga back to 10 points after win over borussia dortmund.
manchester city midfielder samir nasri dined out in london with girlfriend anara atanes on tuesday night. man city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at selhurst park in the premier league on monday. nasri could be used as bait in a deal to sign paul pogba from juventus. manuel pellegrini's side are nine points behind league leaders chelsea.
ander herrera says he bares his forename and surname on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons. the manchester united midfielder joined the red devils for £29million last summer. herrera reached the copa del rey and the europa league finals in his debut season at athletic bilbao. the 25-year-old cites his reasons following a good spell at the club.
lebron james posts image of himself not pleased with the buzzing of drills at the dentist. the cleveland cavaliers star led his cavs to victory over the chicago bulls on sunday. the 11-time all star shared the image with his 9.3 million followers on instagram. lebron delivered his first triple-double for cavs as they beat the bulls for their 50th win of the season.
the state of california's department of corrections has set up special units to protect former gang members from the gangs. the sensitive needs housing units are set to protect inmates from gang affiliations. as much as 97 per cent of inmates in level iv maximum-security prisons are gang affiliated. inmates of different races and gang backgrounds are allowed to mix and exercise together in the special units.
nasr bitar spotted a google street view car in mississauga, canada, and followed it in his own vehicle. he decided it was his 'time to shine' to take the perfect selfie. the image of his selfie has now been shared almost 2.9million times.
preston north end striker kevin davies tweeted a picture of his cut right hand after chainsawing on tuesday. the 38-year-old accidentally cut his hand while operating a chainsaw. it's the second time in two months that preston's no 9 has injured his hand. he injured his left hand during manchester united's fa cup defeat in february. the former premier league striker has found the net just once in 38 appearances for the club this season.
england beat st kitts invitational xi in a farcical two-day warm-up match at chigwell cricket club. the hosts finished on 76 for seven after being reduced to 24 for six. mark wood and liam plunkett were brought in for a work out in the match. alastair cook and ian bell were both retired out as england declared with a 320-run lead. adil rashid and james tredwell outperformed each other to be england's test spinner.
danny welbeck was spotted at the manchester arena to watch nicki minaj's concert on monday night. jose enrique, alberto moreno and mamadou sakho were also in attendance at the concert. liverpool thrashed the reds 4-1 at the emirates on saturday.
marcos rojo went away during a week off for his club side manchester united. fitness instructor sarah watson claims rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail. rojo posed for a picture with family and friends in portugal during a meal out. the argentine defender was in action for united against aston villa on saturday.
jack wilshere completed 90 minutes for arsenal's under 21 side in 4-1 win over stoke city on tuesday night. the england midfielder has been out of action since november with an ankle injury. jack wilshere says he is ready to return to the arsenal first team and play a part in premier league games. the midfielder injured his ankle in the loss to manchester united back in novesmber.
roy keane will stand trial in june after an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver. the former manchester united captain is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie fateh kerar. keane has denied committing a public order offence. he will face trial at manchester magistrates' court on june 19.
brendan rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four. liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup replay at ewood park on wednesday night. rodgers' side have lost ground in the race for the champions league places.
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 on sunday afternoon. the portuguese star took to twitter to urge his fans to get in shape. the forward posted a picture of himself on a bike and urged his followers to exercise. real mad madrid star has not been at his best this year.
kim min hyeok allegedly stamped on the face of mu kanazaki during a j-league clash. the south korean defender was only shown a yellow card and allowed to play on. videos of the incident have gone viral on social media. but the player's team won the game 3-1 at home to sagan tosu.
christian benteke scored a stunning hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 against queens park rangers. tim sherwood said that the striker can fire villa to premier league safety. villa are three points above the bottom three after the draw at qpr.
cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam. the chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam's flailing arm. jose mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the premier league to seven points.
two-time grand national jockey ruby walsh appears to jump his horse over a speeding car in paddy power advert. irish jockey will ride ballycasey in saturday's grand national at aintree. the bookmaker claims he jumped straight over the car, which was travelling at 40mph.
gary mabbutt was rushed to hospital after his diabetes caused an artery to be clogged in his leg. the ex-tottenham and england star woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold. he needed a five-hour operation to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein. the 53-year-old was left with a 30inch scar and needed 112 staples to seal the wound. he was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at 17 and will not be able to play football again.
matt phillips headed queens park rangers into a seventh minute lead at aston villa park. christian benteke equalised for the hosts just three minutes later. chint hill scored his first premier league goal for qpr after half-time to make it 2-2. charlie austin scored a second half equaliser for the visitors before christian bendeke completed his hat-trick in the 83rd minute.
rio ferdinand has played just five times for queens park rangers this season. the 36-year-old defender started the first seven games of qpr's premier league campaign. harry redknapp has demoted the defender to the bench. ferdinand won six premier league titles and 81 caps for england in a glittering career.
didier drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in london on tuesday afternoon. chelsea striker took a stroll through the capital after manchester city's 2-1 loss at crystal palace. manchester are seven points clear at the top of the premier league after losing to crystal palace . the 37-year-old replaced diego costa during chelsea's win over stoke on saturday.
crystal palace co-chairman steve parish posed for a picture with alan pardew, roy hodgson and bill wyman after the 2-1 win over manchester city.    bill is one of the original members of the rolling stones and an avid palace fan. palace manager pardew used seven englishmen at selhurst park.
matt phillips now has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in europe's top five leagues. the hoops winger set up two goals for chris ramsey's side in 3-3 draw with aston villa on tuesday. he is behind only barcelona's lionel messi in the list of top assist makers in 2015. wolfsburg midfielder kevin de bruyne has 17 assists in the bundesliga this season.
jack wilshere completed 90 minutes for arsenal's under 21 premier league side in 4-1 win over stoke city. mikel arteta and abou diaby were also involved in the match at the emirates stadium. alex iwobi scored a hat-trick for the england international side. the midfielder moved a step closer to recovery from a serious ankle injury.
franck ribery worked under louis van gaal at bayern munich and claims the dutchman is a 'bad man'    van gaal won the league and cup double in his first season in charge at the bavarians in 2009/10.   real madrid, barcelona, chelsea and manchester united were all interested in signing the french winger.
arsene wenger's side finished fourth in the premier league last season with 63 points from 31 games. the gunners were top of the table at this stage of the 2013/14 season but finished fourth. arsene w wenger's side beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday but still have the same record as last season. the north london side won 19, drawn six and lost six in the league.
tim sherwood went from despair to ecstasy as aston villa drew 3-3 with qpr at villa park on tuesday night. the villa boss was on the touchline as his side went behind twice before claiming a point. christian benteke scored a hat-trick for the home side in the pulsating clash. villa manager sherwood has six more games to achieve premier league survival.
reigning masters champion bubba watson admits he must 'improve as a man'    patrick reed came second in the players' unpopularity poll of 103 tour professionals. watson is chasing a third green jacket at augusta national this week. the american has won two green jackets on the pga tour.
tim sherwood and chris ramsey drew 3-3 at villa park on tuesday night in the premier league. there was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as the two managers went head to head. the showdown ended in a draw at the bottom of the table clash. both men will remember the 90 minutes of top-flight football.
leeds rhinos have sent full back zak hardaker on an anger management course. hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man. a student was left with two black eyes and bruising after a violent incident in february.   hardaker will forfeit one month's salary to be donated to a local charity and do up to 20 hours of voluntary work for the club's foundation. the england international received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year.
jenson button believes mclaren now have rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's chinese grand prix. button and team-mate fernando alonso retired during last month's malaysian race. the british driver started the season with a lack of pace in australia. button is hoping to make further progress in shanghai this weekend.
boyhood aston villa fan and talksport commentator stan collymore was in the press box at villa park on tuesday night. the former striker was sporting a claret and blue scarf as his boyhood club drew 3-3 with premier league relegation rivals qpr. christian benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for villa against qpr .
carlos colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in cambridge, massachusetts. the remains of jonathan camilien, 26, were found in a duffel bag and a head was found in his apartment block's recycling bin on saturday. colina previously worked out at the cambridge athletic club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment last november. a witness said colina had intimidated other gym users and even fought them.
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final at ewood park on wednesday night. brendan rodgers' side need to reach the semi-final of the premier league competition. steven gerrard's side have not won a trophy since the carling cup three years ago. rodgers faces a defining moment in liverpool's season against blackburn. a top-four place and a trophy are the only things left for liverpool.
manchester city are considering a move for jack wilshere this summer. the midfielder has been linked with a £30million move to the etihad stadium. the 23-year-old hasn't played for arsenal since injuring his ankle in november. he has picked up 24 injuries during his seven-year professional career.
manchester city face united in the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday afternoon. louis van gaal and manuel pellegrini are both trying to immerse themselves in the local culture of manchester.    both managers have leaned on assistant manager ryan giggs for tips around the city. brian kidd is drinking more mancunian than mondtons at crystal palace.
youssouf mulumbu has cast his vote for the pfa player of the year awards. the west brom midfielder has picked harry kane for the top prize. mulumbe has also picked chelsea wideman eden hazard for the young player of year award. the dr congo international posted his voting slip to twitter on wednesday.
the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach by john bailey. bailey said the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water. the image was believed to be genuine and was taken by a wildlife conservation commission official .
manchester united signed a £750million deal with adidas to make their kits for 10 years from 2015-16. supposed images of manchester united's new adidas kit for next season have leaked online. images suggest the club's home, away and third strips have been leaked. united's away strip is believed to be white, with the third strip black.
monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia is a liverpool target. the 22-year-old has also interested arsenal in recent years. the central midfielder has made over 100 league appearances for lens, monaco and sevilla. he has also been linked with arsenal and manchester united.
wisden editor lawrence booth has launched a stinging attack on english cricket. he says the national team have lost touch with the game's public. england lost eight full series across all formats in 2014. the ecb's handling of kevin pietersen and alastair cook's sacking made little sense, says booth.
ipswich town left back tyrone mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts. the 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his instagram account. his mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time in my life'   mings was linked with a move to premier league giants arsenal in january.
manchester united have agreed to a 12-day pre-season tour of america in july. the club have turned down offers from asia and australia to play in the international champions cup. manchester united manager louis van gaal wants to play on the west coast. united played four games in america last summer.
stuart broad slipped in his delivery stride during england's warm-up match in saint kitts. bowler was left clutching his ankle after the dramatic fall at warner park. broad had complained about the state of the crease, which was damp after overnight rain. the bowler required lengthy treatment on the pitch after the fall. broad returned to the action shortly afterwards after receiving ice treatment.
belgium striker christian benteke scored a hat-trick for aston villa against qpr on tuesday night. his goal moved belgium into third place for premier league goals this season. eden hazard has scored 12 goals for chelsea in the top-flight so far. a total of 255 goals have been scored by players from 46 countries so far this season in the premier league.
pep guardiola's contract at bayern munich expires in the summer of 2016. board member jan-christian dreesen says guardiola is not trying to earn as much money as possible. guardiola led bayern to the bundesliga title and german cup in his first season.
everton captain phil jagielka learned to cook a traditional thai dish to celebrate the festival of songkran with sponsors chang beer. the toffees have been sponsored by the thai beverage chang beer for over 11 years. the england international took part in a cookery lesson at chaophraya restaurant in liverpool .
fc chernomorets odessa could face relegation and uefa disqualification due to mounting debt. ukrainian premier league club are offering players luxury houses by the sea to cover their wages. the houses are valued at around £67,000 and are being offered to players. the club could be forced to sell players due to their severe financial plight.
robin van persie has missed manchester united's last six games with an ankle injury. the striker has declared himself fit for sunday's manchester derby with manchester city. louis van gaal did not expect the striker to be fit for the game. but the dutchman is unlikely to start the game at old trafford.
ander herrera and juan mata posted a picture on instagram with manchester united team-mate ander herrera. the pair have been in superb form for louis van gaal's side in recent weeks. both scored braces in manchesterunited's last two premier league wins. united face manchester city in the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday.
cesc fabregas suffered the break during chelsea's win over stoke city at the weekend. the midfielder will wear a special protective face mask after breaking his nose. the mask was made by the ortholabsport in milan and branded with his initial and squad number 'c4'    the spaniard has travelled to milan to see a specialist and has had the mask fitted. diego costa is expected to miss at least two weeks of action with hamstring trouble.
senad lulic scored a late goal to give lazio a 1-0 win at napoli in the coppa italia semi-final. holders napoli were knocked out of the competition after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg. lazio will face juventus in the final at the san paolo stadium on wednesday.
cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career against rayo vallecano in the 68th minute. the portugal forward joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances for the club . realmadrid remain four points behind barcelona in the la liga table after seeing off rayo .
harry dowd played 181 games in nine years for manchester city. he was a member of the team who won the fa cup at wembley in 1969. dowd joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958. he continued working as a plumber throughout his professional career.
newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against tottenham on april 19. a social media campaign has been launched to turn up the heat on owner mike ashley. fans are encouraged to take part in protests before and after the game. the match will be shown live on sky sports at st james' park.
manchester city stars unveil 64metre mural depicting 'the football effect' at club's academy stadium. vincent kompany and gael clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design. city stars joined more than 100 local schoolchildren for a street party to unveil the mural. the mural was inspired by young city fans around the world.
liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 in the fa cup quarter-final replay at ewood park. philippe coutinho scored the only goal of the game in the second half. blackburn goalkeeper simon eastwood almost scored a late equaliser to force extra-time. gary bowyer was in'shock' as he watched eastwood's effort saved by simon mignolet.
steven gerrard could feature in the fa cup final at wembley on his 35th birthday. liverpool captain was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card against manchester united. gerrards dream remains a reality after liverpool saw off blackburn rovers on wednesday night.
ernest goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a middlesbrough home game against blackburn in november. blackburn players markus olsson, rudy gestede and lee williamson are expected to give evidence. goult denies the charge at teesside magistrates' court.
unidentified restaurant owner was attacked by the would-be rapist in shandong, china. he tried to rape her as she was closing the restaurant. she used her self-defence skills to overpower him and pin him to the ground. she fled the restaurant but was followed by her attacker - who tried to attack her again. the woman used her martial arts skills to knock him down outside and escape unharmed.
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board. downton was fired by new ecb chief executive tom harrison following england's humiliating world cup performance. michael vaughan and andrew strauss are among those in the running to replace him.
jack nicklaus hit a hole in one on the 130-yard fourth at augusta national during the par-3 contest. the 75-year-old was playing alongside gary player and ben crenshaw. camilo villegas completed the record of five hole-in-ones at masters week.
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1-0 at ewood park to reach the fa cup semi-finals. philippe coutinho scored the only goal of the game for brendan rodgers' side. liverpool face aston villa at wembley on sunday week. jordan henderson became a new father after his partner gave birth to their second daughter.
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1-0 in fa cup sixth round replay at ewood park. philippe coutinho scored the winner after 161 minutes. blackburn keeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time. ben marshall was unlucky to be denied by simon mignolet in second half.
luis suarez was clearly liverpool's player of the season last season after scoring 31 goals. steven gerrard, daniel sturridge, philippe coutinho and raheem sterling also played well. jordan henderson has excelled since the turn of the year. but liverpool have not been as consistent as they were 12 months ago.
mamadou sakho limped off early on in liverpool's 1-0 fa cup sixth round replay win over blackburn rovers. french defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance. emre can and martin skrtel are already unavailable for brendan rodgers' side.
hector bellerin scored his second premier league goal for arsenal against liverpool last weekend. the young spaniard has impressed in the absence of mathieu debuchy at right back this season. he beat theo walcott's 40 metre club sprint record last summer. walcott is determined to reclaim his title this summer.
real madrid manager carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo for diving in the area against rayo vallecano.    he appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee mario melero lopez after he was chopped down by antonio amaya. the decision means ron ronaldo could be suspended for the game against eibar on saturday.
thiago alcantara scored the winning penalty as bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen in the german cup semi-final. the spaniard challenged for the ball but followed through with a kick into stefan kiessling's chest. manuel neuer saved josip drmic's penalty as the game went to penalties. thiago's penalty went unpunished and bayern went through to the semi finals of the cup.
canal and river trust in bath are carrying out a dredging operation to remove items from the bottom of the river avon in bath. over 150 shopping trolleys have so far been recovered as well as six vehicles, some of which are over 40 years old. the clean-up operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by the environment agency after objects were identified during a river survey.
kris commons scored a 45th minute penalty to give celtic a 1-0 lead at parkhead. partick thistle's james craigen was sent off for a 'last man' challenge on stuart armstrong. stefan johansen added a second goal in the 63rd minute to keep celic seven points clear at the top of the premiership.
delonte' martistee, 22, and ryan austin calhoun, 23, have been charged with sexual battery in connection with the alleged rape on panama city beach, florida. police in troy, alabama, found a cell phone clip of the alleged attack during another investigation.   the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and was afraid to report it. both men have been suspended from troy university and calhoun has been removed from the team.
nina moric, 38, took to instagram to deny claims that she tried to take her own life over the weekend. italian media claimed she collapsed at home due to 'low blood pressure' and was found by her mother. she posted photographs of heavy bruising on her arms on her instagram account. ms moric told her fans she was recovering at home after being treated in hospital.
tiger was chasing the bird at the hengdaohezi siberian tiger park in northeast china when it slipped on the icy ground. the hilarious moment was captured by photographer libby zhang. the tiger was trying to catch a chicken when it lost its footing and fell over.
manchester city beat leicester city 5-1 on aggregate to reach the youth cup final at the king power stadium. isaac buckley and brandon barker scored late goals to consolidate a 3-0 first leg lead. city will face chelsea in a rematch of their last final seven years ago. leicester's layton ndukwu scored a penalty to cut the deficit but it was not enough.
fabio capello insists john terry should never have been stripped of the england captaincy. terry was accused of racially abusing anton ferdinand in 2011. the chelsea defender was cleared in court of the offence but was banned and fined by the fa. capello claims terry is still england's best defender. the italian claims england would be in a stronger position if they still had terry at their disposal.
strong storms swamped indianapolis, cincinnati and charleston, west virginia, at midday wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of west texas. some 34 million people in middle america have been warned of possible tornadoes and high winds and large hail. the storm prediction center upgraded to a moderate risk of a significant tornado or two from northern oklahoma to central missouri. 57 million people were at an 'enhanced risk' of seeing storms.
burnell 'bernie' mitchell, 61, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and terrorism offences. his sister is boney m's lead singer liz mitchell - also known as khalid rashad -  . imam abdul hadi arwani, 48, was found dead in his car in north london on tuesday. a 36-year-old man has been charged with his murder while mitchell is held on suspicion .
jordan morris is the first university student to be picked by usa in two decades. juan agudelo scored his first international goal since march 2011. jurgen klinsmann's side beat mexico 2-0 in texas. morris opened the scoring early in the second half.
robert shannon has been charged with sexual assault against a girl under the age of 16. bob shannon, 59, helped prepare hatton for his comeback fight against vyacheslav senchenko in november 2012. he has also trained hatton's brother, matthew, to a european title and world title shot.
alain robert climbed dubai's 1,007ft cayan tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk. the 52-year-old free-climber took an hour and a half to scale the 75-storey tower. robert has previously suffered falls during his attempts to climb buildings across the world.
new book by author martin fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham. mr justice oliver popplewell led the inquiry into the fire at valley parade ground which killed 56 football fans in 1985. official inquiry concluded that the fire was an accident, probably caused by a fan dropping a cigarette. sir oliver has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident saying they are 'nonsense'   he also rejected claims his inquiry was held too quickly, three weeks after the disaster.
luke shaw says ashley young is the biggest joker in the manchester united dressing room. he says the players still laugh at the time ashley got bird poo in his mouth during a match against swansea. shaw has made just 17 appearances this season for old trafford. the left back says goalkeeper david de gea is the 'nicest guy in football' and always approachable.
man in his 70s barricaded himself into his home in zaragoza after shooting his daughter's boyfriend and a police officer. after night of failed negotiations, elite police unit stormed the man's home and killed him. he shot at officers who stormed the home and seriously wounded one before being shot dead. his 50-year-old daughter is in a serious condition after being shot twice in the shoulder.
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille in the summer and is a free agent. the ghana international is keen on a move to liverpool. everton, newcastle and swansea are also interested in signing the striker. ayew supported liverpool as a boy and wants to play for the anfield club. the 25-year-old is also being looked at by roma and napoli.
ri sol-ju was pictured clapping next to her husband kim jong-un during a football match on monday. she was wearing what appeared to be a wedding ring on her left hand. the pair were celebrating the 103rd birthday of the country's founding leader kim il-sung. ri was last seen in public in december 2014 at a ceremony to commemorate the death of her father.
jurgen k klopp has announced he is to leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season. the manager has spent seven successful seasons at the westfalenstadion. mats hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united this summer. ciro immobile and neven subotic are other players who could follow klopp out of dortmund.
framed photographs of sir bobby robson's title-chasing side were found in a skip outside st james' park. newcastle united fans are upset by the club's decision to dispose of the images. the club said the images were 'old and not being used anymore'   the pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and replaced by more recent images.
greg dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football. fa chairman could axe the england c team to save money to help improve grassroots football . the team has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979. paul fairclough selects non-league players under 23 for the national team.
banyan tree in guangxi province, southern china, stands on a web of roots. the web is so flimsy that the entire tree sways in the wind due to its flimsy structure. originally the roots of the tree grew up against a wall before being moved to a park.
alexandre lacazette is the top scorer in ligue 1 this season with 25 goals. lyon beat bastia 2-0 at the stade de gerland on wednesday. mohamed yattara opened the scoring for olympique lyonnais in the second half.
andrew odell tweeted the company a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the loaf of bread. he said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at aldi. mr odell said his heavily pregnant wife claire was 'extremely upset' about the discovery. aaldi said it had contacted the customer and was investigating the incident.
dagenham and redbridge midfielder joss labadie has been banned for six months for biting stevenage defender ronnie henry. the 24-year-old was charged with violent conduct by the fa after the incident last month. he was banned for 10 matches and fined £2,000 12 months ago for biting torquay's ollie banks.
suma, a 36-year-old orangutan at melbourne zoo, was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013. she was initially given daily medication to help relieve the pain of her arthritis. on thursday, surgeons at the zoo carried out a full health check-up to check how her condition has progressed. x-rays were taken in areas of her body and a steroid injection was given to reduce her pain.
the fa have formed a concussion experts panel to help make the game safer for players. the panel of eight medical professionals will meet for the first time in may. jeff astle died in 2002 after suffering a number of head injuries during his footballing career. head injuries have been under greater scrutiny in recent months.
paul mcgowan avoided a prison sentence after a third assault on a policeman. the dundee midfielder will miss two games against former club celtic because he is under house arrest. the 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order. the bad boy midfielder was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer.
b bristol city are runaway leaders in sky bet league one. the robins beat bradford city 6-0 at valley parade on tuesday night to secure promotion to the championship. aden flint has scored 20 goals this season and won the johnstone's paint trophy. steve cotterill's side need to beat coventry city at ashton gate on saturday to be crowned champions.
gerard pique says barcelona's front three have a special relationship. luis suarez, lionel messi and neymar are in france ahead of champions league quarter-final tie against paris saint-germain. pique claims he has never seen a relationship like the one between the trio. barcelona face psg at the parc des princes on wednesday night.
police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at nrl referees during the good friday clash between the bulldogs and rabbitohs. a touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at anz stadium in sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry canterbury fans. nsw police have released images of 13 fans they want to speak to in relation to the incident. detective have called on any fans who have photos or video of the incident to come forward to help identify those responsible.
daniel agger has been accused of elbowing fc copenhagen's mattias jorgensen. the incident was not seen by match officials during brondby's goalless draw on monday. the former liverpool defender is to be investigated by the country's fa.
ian drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain and he had to use crutches to get around. 58-year-old was claiming £3,500 in disability benefits but was filmed putting up goalposts at blackpool rangers fc.    he was on his feet for three or four hours at a time and helped to erect spectator barriers and goalposts . drinnans was sentenced to do 80 hours unpaid work for the community and ordered to pay £85 costs and £60 .
lavall hall, 25, was shot dead by police officers in miami gardens, florida, on february 15. he was schizophrenic and had been released from a mental hospital just one week earlier. police department said hall 'attacked' officers with the broom - but video footage shows him running away from officers. footage shows shell cases flying as police officer shouted 'get on the f****** ground or you're dead'   hall's family have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the city of miami garden and the two police officers.
terry richardson is one of the most famous and controversial photographers in the fashion industry. known for his racy photo shoots and sexual assault allegations. in a new interview with vogue kate upton has revealed that he released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission. terry is accused of releasing the video called 'cat daddy'    the 49-year-old photographer has shot everyone from miley cyrus to kim kardashian in his studio.
shaqueel van persie was filmed scoring with a'scorpion kick' in his back garden. the seven-year-old has trained with both manchester united and bt sport. robin van persie snr posted the video on his instagram account. the manchester striker will reportedly be offered £5million to leave old trafford this summer.
lewis hamilton leads the formula one world championship after two races. the british driver says his mercedes contract has not been signed. the reigning world champion says issues with paperwork has been 'a pain in the backside'   it is unlikely the contract will be signed ahead of this weekend's chinese grand prix in shanghai.
tabby produces a range of unusual gurgling noises as she is petted. when her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds. youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. to date the clip of her singing has been watched more than 17,000 times.
the magnitude 3.1 quake was centered about four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210. it happened just before 9pm last night and caused a'sharp jolt' to be felt in the area. there was no reported damage or injuries. the us geological survey said the quake had a depth of about five miles.
matej vydra scored a stunning volley to put watford in the lead in the 26th minute. adlene guedioura added a second goal shortly after the break to seal the win for the hornets. millwall remain in the championship relegation zone after the 2-0 defeat.
quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake, indiana when the pair caught a bowfin. the bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster in the face with its tail. the sound of the fish making impact with the youngster’s face is similar to a cartoon sound effect.
the curl-crested jay is native to south america and resides at the criadouro onca pintada breeding centre. it is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds. the bird is one of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar sounds into their song.
jimmy anderson took four wickets on day two of the first test at the sir viv richards stadium in antigua. anderson is still three wickets away from breaking sir ian botham's england record. ben stokes was england's first man to be dismissed on the second day. west indies finished the day on 99 for four after losing five wickets for 20 runs. jos buttler was dismissed for a duck and anderson fell for 20.
joao teixeira broke his leg during brighton's goalless draw with huddersfield on tuesday night. the 22-year-old was carried off on a stretcher during the match. portuguese starlet has been ruled out for the rest of the season. chris hughton said it 'is a real blow' to lose the liverpool youngster.
jason denayer is wanted back by manchester city for a pre-season assessment. but ronny deila has confirmed the defender will be missing for champions league qualifiers. the 19-year-old is currently on loan at celtic from manchester.
the ebay listing, posted friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of former new england patriots player aaron hernandez and identifying information. the user claimed he was in jail with the 25-year-old and was trying to auction the card for $500. the listing was deleted on saturday and had zero bids. hern andez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd.
mat mats hummels has been offered a contract extension by borussia dortmund. the germany defender has been linked with a move to manchester united. mats hummels has two years left on his contract at the club. the 26-year-old has admitted he is considering his future at dortmund .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 at the westfalenstadion on saturday. robert lewandowski scored the only goal of the game. jurgen klopp says his side lacked punch and deserved to lose. dortmund captain mats hummels disagrees with his manager and says bayern deserved to win.
a professor in new york invited her 11-year-old autistic son to one of her classes. he drew the world map from memory. the map was highly accurate and included political borders and tiny coastal islands. the boy is the son of one of the professor's students.
borussia dortmund beat hoffenheim 3-2 in extra time to reach the semi-finals of the german cup. ricardo rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to give wolfsburg a 1-0 victory over freiburg. sebastian kehl scored a stunning volley in the 107th minute to give dortmund the win.
john terry played the full 90 minutes as chelsea beat qpr 1-0 in the west london derby at loftus road. terry was jeered at the start of the game, but put in a good display at the back. the defender was rarely troubled by bobby zamora and charlie austin.
chelsea travel to loftus road on sunday for their 700th game under the ownership of roman abramovich. jose mourinho believes chelsea's adherence to financial fair play rules will benefit the english national side. the blues have won three premier leagues, four fa cups and one champions league since 2004.
england women's u19 european championships qualifier against norway will be replayed after refereeing mistake. england were awarded a penalty in the 96th minute of the match at 2-1 down. but referee marija kurtes wrongly awarded an indirect free-kick to norway. leah williamson thought she had equalised for england but team-mate rosella ayane entered the box too early. the match will be restarted at 9:45pm on thursday at seaview stadium in belfast.
strong storms rumbled through the southern plains early on thursday, missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit chicago, detroit and other big cities in the midwest later in the day. the storm system stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina and has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring. 10 reported tornadoes, grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph were reported across 12 states on wednesday. meteorologists and emergency managers from the high plains to the appalachians are on alert following the year's first widespread bout of severe weather.
a new episode of mockumentary w1a shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word 'tosser' on top gear. episode was apparently filmed last july, but narration has recently been tweaked. the bbc has made light of disgraced presenter's attack on a junior producer.
the 32-year-old dictator was inspecting a weapons factory in pyongyang, north korean capital. pictures show him smiling and waving, with his right wrist in a white bandage. it is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the dictator. south korean official says he must have suffered the injury in the recent past.
manchester united host premier league leaders chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday. louis van gaal's side are all but guaranteed champions league place. gary neville believes manchester united face their toughest test of the season. united have beaten manchester city, liverpool and tottenham in recent weeks.
the first year students at washington university were rowing at creve coeur lake in missouri. asian carp are known for getting easily frightened by boats and leaping from the water. the st. louis freshman men’s crew were captured on video by filmmaker benjamin rosenbaum.
the woman known only as goska, has spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil. she mixed with a number of exotic animals while at the jaguar breeding project. polish volunteer was captured on video being bottle-fed by one-year-old perseu.
siem de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle under 21s in 2-0 defeat to derby county at st james' park. the 26-year-old suffered a collapsed lung in february. he made way at the break after coming through the first half of united's defeat. newcastle midfielder has made just one premier league start since joining from ajax.
new york state senator jeffrey klein has apologized to republican political strategist susan del percio. tweet showed a link to a google search for 'hot' pictures of her and a series of random characters. klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone'    he said that the tweets was sent by a recently hired female communications staffer and was 'taken seriously'
jack colback says newcastle united fans deserve more from the club. john carver's side have lost five games in a row and scored just one goal in eight hours. newcastle lost 2-0 at liverpool on monday in the premier league. the magpies are currently bottom of the league after a fifth straight defeat.
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par for the masters at augusta national. he is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship. the former us open champion said it would be'sacrilege' not to play the masters.
rory mcilroy caddied for niall horan at the masters at augusta national. irish singer fell while caddying for the world's best golfer in the traditional par-3 contest. horan is set to sing on stage with one direction star at the end of the summer. the pair will reunite on stage in boston on september 12.
yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan in south china's guangdong province. but two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone 2lbs. she was almost unrecognizable when he proposed to her with a bouquet of chocolate. you pan, 25, had deliberately fattened up his girlfriend to put off any love rivals. yan, 20, weighed    yan was treated to meals for yan almost every day - and even fed her midnight snacks.
andy lee and peter quillin fought to a draw in brooklyn on saturday night. quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight for the middleweight bout. lee was knocked down in the first round of the 12-round contest. the judges declared the bout to be a draw but quillin's unbeaten record remains intact. the irishman retains his wbo middleweight title after the judges scored the bout a draw.
jermain defoe was introduced to the crowd at a wwe event in newcastle on thursday. the sunderland striker received a mixed ovation when he was introduced. the 32-year-old striker was booed by some of the crowd. defoe scored the winner in the tyne/wear derby on sunday at the stadium of light.
moussa sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on liverpool midfielder lucas leiva during liverpool's 2-0 defeat at anfield. john carver feels it should have been a straight red for the france international. newcastle stand-in skipper is facing disciplinary action after being sent off. carver says newcastle cannot rely on others to preserve their premier league status.
martin montoya scored a trick shot during barcelona's training session at ciutat esportiva. the young defender shot a lofted pass straight into a basketball hoop at the other side of the training ground. barcelona beat almeria 4-0 on wednesday night in la liga. luis suarez and lionel messi scored the best of the goals in the win.
jose mourinho believes he is getting better and better in every aspect of his job. the chelsea boss says his problem is that he is not a hypocrite when he faces the media. the 52-year-old has won league titles in all four countries he has managed. but he regularly finds himself in hot water with the football association.
kevin pietersen posed for the surrey team photo at the kia oval ahead of the start of the new county championship season. paul downton was dismissed as england's managing director on wednesday. the batsman hopes to return to the england set-up after a year out of the international team. surrey begin their campaign at glamorgan on april 19.
the dual carriageway was shut for an hour after she drove a red peugeot towards southend. some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man suffered neck and back injuries. the pensioner was taken to basildon university hospital as a precaution.
jose mourinho believes the ballon d'or should be scrapped. arsene wenger said he was 'totally against' the award last year. real madrid's cristiano ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy. lionel messi has won the award on three occasions.
tiger woods struggled with his short game during the opening round at augusta. the world no 111 struggled to get under par in his first round at the tournament. woods was off the lead at 41st place after the first round. the crowd favourite struggled with a poor chip shot on the third hole. woods finished the day tied for 41st after a round of 71.
arsenal chief negotiator dick law has flown to argentina to finalise a deal for maxi romero. the 16-year-old has been dubbed the next lionel messi. the gunners are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a £4.5million deal for the forward. romero's ownership rights have been held up by red-tape over ownership rights.
rory mcilroy was one over par after 11 holes at the masters. the world no 1 recorded birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71. he is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles at augusta.    the 25-year-old has recorded a score of 77 or worse on five occasions at the tournament.
jose mourinho says sir alex ferguson showed him 'two faces' during their first meeting in champions league in 2004. porto beat manchester united at old trafford. the chelsea boss has no close friends in english football. he claims to have learned respect from ferguson, but has had spats with arsene wenger and pep guardiola.
the masters got underway at augusta national on thursday. rory mcilroy is bidding to complete a career grand slam. tiger woods' girlfriend lindsey vonn joined him during the par three contest.    alexis randock has been dating bikini model rickie fowler since last year. dustin johnson is engaged to pop singer paulina gretzky.
liverpool players brad jones, glen johnson and fabio borini enjoy opening day of grand national meeting at aintree. liverpool beat blackburn in their fa cup semi-final replay on wednesday night. johnson's wife laura was celebrating her birthday the day before at the races.
michael vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the role of director of england cricket. former england captain has already held talks with new ecb chief executive tom harrison. andrew strauss and alec stewart are also in the frame for the job. if confirmed as the new director of cricket he will become the most powerful man in english cricket.
reanne evans beat former world champion ken doherty 10-8 in world championship qualifying match at ponds forge. doherty won the first frame 71-15 but evans fought back to win the game. evans was hoping to become the first women player to play in the world championship. she lost the opening frame to doherty before winning the final frame.
danny welbeck scored the winner as arsenal beat manchester united in the fa cup in march. a 15-year-old boy posted a racist tweet after the game. the boy has been cautioned and warned about his behaviour. the teenager took to social media after welbeck's goal. wiltshere police have arrested and cautioned the boy.
england drew 2-2 with norway in a european u19 women's championships qualifier on saturday. leah williamson scored a penalty in the 96th minute to earn england a draw. marjia kurtes controversially disallowed the spot-kick and awarded a free-kick. uefa ruled the match should be replayed for an 18-second penalty shoot-out . the england captain stepped up again to take the penalty during the rematch in belfast . mo marley's side drew 1-1 and qualified for this summer's finals in israel.
manchester city face manchester united in the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday. manuel pellegrini's team are fourth in the premier league, nine points behind chelsea. sergio aguero insists manchester city can retain the title despite defeat by crystal palace. the champions have won the last four derbies, having beaten city in each of the last five.
andy murray's coach amelie mauresmo is expecting her baby in august. the openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on twitter on thursday night. murray and kim sears will marry at dunblane cathedral on saturday.   murray was appointed as murray’s coach in june 2014 following his split from ivan lendl.  the former world no 1 won wimbledon and the australian open titles in 2006.
world boxing champion kell brook watched the premier league darts in his home town of sheffield. brook received a hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd at the motorpoint arena. dave chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place in the table.
aljaz bedene defeated fellow qualifier arthur de greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes at grand prix hassan ii. british no 2 switched allegiance from slovenia to britain last month. bedene will face third seed jiri vesely in the quarter-finals in casablanca.
arsenal are trying to find a cure for alex oxlade-chamberlain’s persistent groin problems. arsene wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return to fitness. the 21-year-old has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem for several months. arsenal are keen to surgery and are exploring other treatment methods.
qpr keeper rob green was embarrassed during the 3-3 draw with aston villa at villa park on monday night. a ball boy decided to embarrass the former england no 1 by rolling the ball through his legs. green conceded three goals as qpr were held to a draw. christian benteke scored a hat-trick for the belgium international.
justin rose and ernie els made the early running with a five-under-par 67 at the 79th masters at augusta. jordan spieth opened with a 64 to take a three-shot lead into the second round.    charley hoffman and   rose and els tied for second after posting scores of 67. rory mcilroy and bubba watson both shot 71 in the first round.
jenson button crashed into the back of pastor maldonado's lotus on lap 49 of the chinese grand prix. the british driver finished 13th but was demoted to 14th after the race. button was penalised five seconds and two penalty points for the incident. fernando alonso moved up two places after the incident .
philippe saint-andre has struggled as france coach winning just 15 of his 37 games in charge. he succeeded marc lievremont following the 2011 world cup in england. the french rugby federation is looking for a replacement after the world cup. rapahael ibanez, fabien galthie and guy noves are among the favourites to take over.
nico rosberg will start second on the grid behind pole-sitter lewis hamilton in china. the german missed out on pole to the world champion by 0.042secs. sebastian vettel of ferrari will start third in shanghai.
richard cockerill believes the aviva premiership title race will go to the wire. leicester tigers are separated by just two points and two places in the play-off race. the tigers face saracens at allianz park on saturday. northampton saints are clear at the top of the table.
jason gillespie has signed a two-year deal with big bash team adelaide strikers. yorkshire coach will combine role with his duties at headingley county cricket club. he will begin his role with the south australian side in december. the 39-year-old led yorkshire to the county championship title last year.
sean maitland has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder. scotland winger is leaving glasgow warriors to play in the aviva premiership with london irish next season. the 26-year-old is facing a race against time to be fit for the rugby world cup. sam warburton has been named to start for cardiff blues against warriors.
jimmy anderson moved to within two wickets of sir ian botham's record of 383 test wickets. but he only took one wicket on day two of the first test in antigua. anderson bowled just four overs in the last session of play. chris jordan took a stunning catch to dismiss west indies vice-captain kraigg brathwaite.
west indies bowlers received a pep talk from bowling coach curtly ambrose on day two. chris jordan and jason holder battled it out with former barbados team-mate justin holder. shiv chanderpaul's test career for the west indies has lasted over 21 years. kevin pietersen suffered an injury scare during surrey's match against oxford mccu.
ben stokes was denied the wicket of jermaine blackwood after overstepping the line. the all-rounder thought he had claimed his 23rd test wicket in antigua. the decision was overturned by the umpire. stokes had overstepped the line when he thought he'd taken blackwood's wicket.
karen sharpe, the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager, defended her son in an interview. ms sharpe said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or coverage of the incident. she also expressed sympathy for walter scott's family and said she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting. this as slager's wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated. slager has been charged with the murder of scott and has been fired from his job.
michael vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of england's top order for just looking to survive. jonathan trott and alastair cook were both out early on in antigua. geoff boycott was also critical of the openers.
roberto martinez felt seamus coleman should have been awarded a free-kick. everton drew 1-1 with swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday. jonjo shelvey scored from the penalty spot to earn his old club a point. martinez said the defender was fouled by marvin emnes. but the referee michael oliver gave a penalty for handball.
newcastle united announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season. club's full accounts reveal more than £34m was in the bank at the end of the last financial year. the magpies have lost their last five premier league matches. newcastle fans claim owner mike ashley has little ambition to stay in the top flight.
qpr manager chris ramsey condemned objects being thrown on the pitch at loftus road. chelsea beat queens park rangers 1-0 in the west london derby on sunday afternoon. branislav ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan. the football association will wait for referee andre marriner's report before investigating crowd control.
harry panayiotou scored three goals for leicester city in march. the 20-year-old scored a hat-trick on international duty for st kitts and nevis. the striker hopes to make leicester's first team in the premier league and has grown up nearby.
rangers boss stuart mccall wants his side to end their away-day blues at dumbarton on saturday. rangers have only won once in their last five away matches. ibrox boss watched his side draw 1-1 at bottom side livingston in their promotion bid. mccall's side are four points behind play-off rivals hibs.
west brom face leicester city at the hawthorns on 'astle day'   the baggies are commemorating the launch of the jeff astle foundation. astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59. the leicester fixture was chosen by astle's widow laraine. west brom are wearing a replica of their 1968 fa cup winning kit.
diafra sakho came off after 58 minutes of west ham's 1-1 draw against stoke with a thigh strain. the striker could be out for the rest of the season with the injury. the 25-year-old has scored 12 goals this season for the hammers.
chelsea beat queens park rangers 1-0 at loftus road in the premier league. cesc fabregas scored an 87th minute winner for jose mourinho's side. thibaut courtois was man of the match for chelsea with a string of saves. didier drogba and eden hazard were both quiet for the home side. nedum onuoha and matt phillips impressed at the back for qpr.
shane ferguson finally joined up with the rangers squad this week. the newcastle united loanee has been out for five months with a knee injury. stuart mccall expects ferguson to be fit and ready to play for rangers. ferguson was one of five newcastle players sent north on loan to the ibrox.
rangers board have reassured fans that the club still owns trademarks and the badge. ibrox board launched a probe into claims mike ashley's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property. the club's trademarks are registered with sports direct and will be returned to the club when a £5million loan is repaid.
west bromwich albion host leicester city at the hawthorns (saturday 3pm) craig dawson is set to return after serving a one-match ban. matt upson and dean hammond are available for leicester's trip to west brom. ben foster and callum mcmanaman remain long-term absentees for the rock bottom side.
shane ferguson has been on loan at rangers from newcastle united since january. the winger has been out with a knee injury but is back training with the club. stuart mccall is confident he can play a role in rangers' push for promotion to the spl. the light blues boss says ferguson is 'desperate to play' for the club .
real madrid returned to training on wednesday ahead of return to la liga action on saturday. carlo ancelotti's side drew 0-0 with rivals atletico in the last eight of the champions league on tuesday. pepe and sami khedira were among the players that trained at the valdebebas complex. real madrid face malaga at the bernabeu in the premier league on saturday.
arsenal manager arsene wenger said he hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league. arsenal beat sean dyche's side 1-0 at turf moor on saturday night. aaron ramsey scored the only goal of the game. dyche has been praised by wenger this season.
thibaut courtois wants to win the premier league title with chelsea this season. the belgian keeper has won the league cup and the capital one cup with the blues. the 22-year-old has spent three seasons on loan at atletico madrid. he won the la liga, the copa del rey and the europa league with atletico.
arsenal should target petr cech if he leaves stamford bridge in the summer, insists carlo cudicini. petr cech has made just five premier league appearances this season. thibaut courtois remains jose mourinho's first-choice goalkeeper at chelsea. cech is poised to leave the club at the end of the season.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final at the parc des princes. laurent blanc made no excuses for his side as they were beaten in paris. the psg manager said barcelona were superior to his side 'in virtually every department'    barcelona boss luis enrique was delighted with his side's performance and praised the performance of luis suarez.
today marks the 26th anniversary of the hillsborough disaster. a memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives. liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims. everton and everton fans marked the anniversary on twitter and instagram.
jermain defoe was the first player to take part in sunderland's keepy up challenge. the striker scored a stunning volley against newcastle in the tyne-wear derby on sunday. defoe sets an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat in the challenge.
wales beat israel 3-0 in a euro 2016 qualifier to climb to world no 22 in april fifa rankings. gareth bale scored twice as real madrid beat the world no 3 side. germany remain top of the list with 153 points. anguilla are the lowest-ranked international side in the world at no 209.
luke shaw joined manchester united from southampton for £31.5million last summer. the 19-year-old has only made 17 appearances in all competitions for the red devils. luke shaw admits he has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at united. the defender has missed the last five premier league games with injuries. shaw doesn't know what he would do if he scored against boyhood club chelsea on saturday.
charterlie adam scored one of the best goals of his career at chelsea in the premier league. adam lobbed thibaut courtois to equalise for stoke at 1-1 at stamford bridge. but stoke lost 2-1 as loic remy scored a second-half winner. adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but losing the game.
charlie adam scored an incredible 66-yard goal against chelsea on easter weekend. the stoke midfielder scored a similar effort for blackpool reserves against accrington stanley in 2009. adam scored the goal from the halfway line against the opposition. adam has scored a goal from his own net before.
charlie adam scored a goal from inside his own half against chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday. the stoke man struck from behind halfway in the premier league. david beckham, jone samuelsen and moritz stoppelkamp are other players to have scored from behind half.
charlie adam scored a wonder-goal from inside his own half for stoke against chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday. it is the premier league's goal of the season. david beckham scored a similar goal against wimbledon in 1996. jose mourinho had to admit that adam's goal was better than beckham's. adam scored the goal from a direct shot from outside the box against thibaut courtois.
jose mourinho insists he will stick by cesc fabregas, nemanja matic and oscar. the midfield trio have been struggling in recent weeks. oscar was substituted at half time against stoke but manager insists he is not struggling. chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at home on saturday.
west ham united host stoke city at upton park (saturday, 3pm) enner valencia will be available for west ham after recovering from a toe injury. marc wilson is available for stoke despite a broken hand and is set to play with the potters. west ham are winless in three premier league games against stoke, drawing two and losing one.
lakenya hall, 35, of kenner, lousiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot. a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh. hall's two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting.
manchester united host manchester city in the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday. robin van persie has missed manchester united's last six games with an ankle injury. louis van gaal's side have won all five of their premier league games in his absence. the 31-year-old striker has declared himself fit for the derby after missing the last six. van persie has scored 10 goals in 24 league appearances and 1,993 minutes for united this season.
mamadou sakho will miss liverpool's visit of newcastle with a hamstring injury. newcastle defender daryl janmaat should be fit to face liverpool at anfield on monday night. daniel sturridge will be fit after complaining of muscle tightness. emre can will return from suspension for newcastle after serving three-match ban.
luis suarez has revealed that he once sneaked into the nou camp for a photo with his wife sofia. real madrid were'very' interested in signing him but he only wanted to play for barcelona. the striker opened up about the infamous bite on giorgio chiellini during the world cup.
mario balotelli missed liverpool's fa cup quarter-final win over blackburn rovers due to illness. robbie savage branded the liverpool striker 'pathetic' for missing the game. the italian striker was not included in the squad to face arsenal or blackburn. brendan rodgers revealed balotlli withdrew himself from the squad on saturday.    the striker posted a photo of himself with a temperature of 38.7c on instagram, which is above the normal body temperature of 37c.
mario balotelli has no future at liverpool after manager brendan rodgers lost patience with the striker. rodgers will admit he ignored the warning signs but had hoped he was maturing as he got older. the italian striker shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against blackburn on wednesday night.   rodgers is saddened by the fact    he appears to have no respect for liverpool and has scored just once in the premier league.
liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 in the fa cup quarter-final replay at ewood park. lucas leiva missed three trips to wembley in 2012 due to a knee injury. the midfielder can play his first game at the national stadium in the semi-final. liverpool face aston villa in the last-four of the competition on april 19. simon mignolet praised the liverpool supporters after the win at blackburn.
derry mathews was due to face richar abril on april 18 in liverpool for the lightweight world title. abril previously withdrew ahead of the original date of march 6. mathews may still fight for the title in his home city if the wba strip abril of his belt.
leo messi opened the scoring for barcelona at the nou camp in the 33rd minute with a curling effort. luis suarez doubled the barcelona lead after 55 minutes with a left-footed strike. defender marc bartra added a third with a headed goal before half-time. barcelona remain seven points clear at the top of la liga after a comfortable 4-0 victory over almeria.
dani alves is out of contract at the end of the season with barcelona. the defender has been linked with a move to manchester united. but barcelona want alves to stay at the nou camp and are offering him a two-year deal. alves' contract runs out on june 30 and he has been offered a three-year contract.
amir khan believes kell brook is just calling out for the 'one big payday'    khan has denied that he will face chris algieri next month, claiming there are'some more options' on the table. khan wants to fight brook within the next 12 months but claims he is not even a big name in the uk.
john carver admits newcastle united need to look at the 'dna' of their dressing-room this summer. newcastle lost 1-0 to sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday. head coach carver was 'embarrassed' by the performance. united travel to liverpool on monday.
sevilla coach unai emery has guided the club to fifth in the la liga table this season. barcelona travel to sevilla on saturday as leaders barcelona are in champions league action. emery is one of the most animated coaches in la l liga and is known for his touchline antics. the andalusian club are currently fifth in   the table ahead of the visit of barcelona.
fergal o'brien says alvarado is in better shape going into this weekend's grand national at aintree. the 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season, back in february at doncaster. last year's fourth at the grand national has run in only one race this season.
rory mcilroy has won all of his four majors after heavy rain at augusta national. the world no 1's huge hitting will play into his hands on a wet course. tiger woods has the skill set to win the masters for a fourth time. bubba watson and adam scott are two of the best big hitters at the masters.
liverpool and newcastle players took part in a minute silence before premier league game at anfield in memory of the 96 fans who died at hillsborough. former newcastle captain bobby moncur laid flowers at the hillsborough memorial before the game. 96 liverpool fans were crushed to death in hillsborough disaster on 15 april 1989.
porto face bayern munich in the champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday night. porto are the only undefeated side in the tournament. julen lopetegui says porto come into the match able to enjoy their achievement of being undefeated. the porto boss says the team 'hasn't stopped growing'   pep guardiola labels his former barcelona team-mate lopettegui as 'a winner'
cindy crawford, yasmin le bon and christie brinkley were huge supermodel stars in 80s and 90s. now their daughters are making their own names in the fashion world.    the likes of georgia jagger and amber le bon have walked for designers like tommy hilfiger and chanel.
marc-andre ter stegen is yet to make his la liga debut for barcelona in the champions league. the 22-year-old is eager to impress manager luis enrique in the league. barcelona face paris saint germain in the quarter-final of the champions league.
one direction singer niall horan caddied for rory mcilroy in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national. horan slipped while carrying mcilory's clubs on the par-three course. tiger woods also played in the masters par- 3 contest for the first time in 11 years. american kevin streelman won the masters after a play-off against camilo villegas.
eden hazard, thibaut courtois, kurt zouma and izzy brown celebrated the thai new year with a game of kick-ups. the blues quartet were joined by club mascot stamford the lion at their cobham training base. the quartet celebrated the songkran festival with the traditional activity of throwing water at each other.
riangers will play hearts at tynecastle in their final game of the championship season on may 3. the spfl moved the game back 24 hours to accommodate broadcasters. hibs and hearts have lodged formal complaints with the league over the decision. hibernian are also upset that rangers' final game has been pushed back.
rory mcilroy will caddie for niall horan at the masters on wednesday. the irishman is preparing for his first attempt to complete a career grand slam at augusta. niall will carry the bag for the world no 1 at the par-three masters tournament. mcil troy has a poor record on the par fives at the tournament.
gareth bale appears to have picked up a foot injury during real madrid's training session on tuesday. carlo ancelotti's side face rayo vallecano at the estadio de vallecas on wednesday. bale could miss out on real's game after injuring his left foot in training. the winger scored real's first goal in their 9-1 win over granada on sunday.
tiger woods is playing his 20th appearance at the masters at augusta this week. the former best player in the world arrives at the tournament ranked 111th in the game. woods has insisted he is in it to win the masters. the 39-year-old was all smiles as he played a practice round ahead of the tournament.
ben flower was the first player to be sent off in a super league grand final in october. he was banned for six months for twice punching st helens' lance hohaia. wigan coach shaun wane says he wants flower to be 'a bit more aggressive'   flower will return for wigan against warrington in the super league derby on thursday.
brazilian football clubs have been put on alert after dengue fever outbreak. three players were diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease this week. players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions. corinthians striker paolo guerrero is one of three players that have been diagnosed.
paris saint-germain face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday. the ligue 1 outfit will be without the suspended zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti. brazilian right back dani alves is suspended for the clash at the camp nou.
kylie leuluai faces another six weeks out of action for leeds rhinos after being told he needs shoulder surgery. the 37-year-old new zealander has not played since a month ago. leeds coach brian mcdermott feared the prop could be out for three months.
manchester united will offer robin van persie £5million to quit the club this summer. the 31-year-old striker has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at old trafford. manchester united have been linked with edinson cavani and memphis depay. radamel falcao and javier hernandez are also expected to leave the club in the summer.
world's first i'm a celebrity themed maze opened at thorpe park resort in chertsey, surrey on 27 march. new bush tucker trials maze is open to the public after six months of planning. the new attraction is inspired by the hit itv show. angela griffin and tamzin outhwaite have visited the new maze.
liverpool beat newcastle 2-0 at anfield to move within four points of the top four. raheem sterling and joe allen scored the goals for brendan rodgers' side. john carver's magpies have lost five games in a row. moussa sissoko was sent off for a second yellow card offence.
gianluigi buffon says it would be a waste to retire because he is still playing well. the italy goalkeeper says he will continue to play as long as he is in top form. juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday night.
andy murray is set to marry fiancee kim sears in dunblane next saturday. world no 3 murray will marry his fiancee in his hometown of scotland. there are believed to be well over 100 people attending the wedding. murray arrived back in britain on monday after losing in the miami open final to novak djokovic.
ben flower said that he regrets every day his attack on lance hohaia in the super league grand final. flower was handed a six-month ban for the attack at old trafford in october. the wigan warriors forward is preparing to return to rugby league. flower said he is mentally scarred by the incident.
youtuber micahmedia has uploaded a video demonstrating how to peel a hardboiled egg using a glass of water. the video currently has over 16million views on youtube. the egg is placed in a glass before being filled quarter of the way with tap water. it is then vigorously shaken from left to right to loosen the shell of the egg.
ronald koeman's southampton side are currently seventh in the premier league on 53 points. southampton have scored just seven goals in their last 10 league games. koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form to make europa league. the saints face hull city at home on saturday and koeman could recall graziano pelle.
cristiano ronaldo showed off his skills ahead of real madrid's champions league quarter-final clash with atletico madrid. real face city rivals atletico on tuesday in a repeat of last year's final. real are seven points clear of their rivals in the la liga table and cut the gap to two points. gareth bale was back in training ahead of the clash after returning from injury.
newcastle fans are threatening to boycott the next home game against spurs in protest at mike ashley's running of the club. john carver says he would walk away from newcastle united if the club's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious investment. newcastle lost 1-0 to rivals sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday.
eden hazard will make his 100th premier league appearance for chelsea at qpr on sunday. eden hazard has developed into one of the best players in the premier league. the winger has scored 17 goals for jose mourinho's team this season. hazard joined chelsea from lille for £32million in 2012.
cistiano ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in just six years with the la liga giants. the portuguese forward is seven goals shy of raul's club record for the club.   he is only seven goals behind raul and alfredo di stefano in the all-time goalscoring charts. lionel messi and dixie dean are among the top 10 one-club scorers of all time.
alan pardew was the first newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to sunderland. crystal palace boss pardew thinks fans should concentrate on his in-form side. pardew's side are 11th in the premier league after beating manchester city on monday.
mark selby, john higgins and ding junhui all moved into the last 16 of the china open. shaun murphy came from behind to beat anthony mcgill 5-4 at peking university. judd trump beat peter ebdon 5-1 in the second round.
mike tindall's horse monbeg dude was a fast-finishing third in the grand national at aintree. former england rugby star bought the horse for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner. he tweeted 'holy s***, i’m lost for words and emotions' after the 40-1 outsider's performance. zara phillips was there with him and called him an idiot after he bought horse. she coached the horse to seventh place in last year's grand national.
stoke city manager mark hughes is planning to extend the pitch at the britannia stadium for next season. the potters' current pitch is the joint smallest in the premier league at 100m x 66m. hughes wants to make the pitch bigger to suit his side's passing style of play. premier league wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m.
manchester united face manchester city at old trafford in the premier league on sunday afternoon. louis van gaal's side trained in the sunshine on friday ahead of the derby. robin van persie could return to the squad after being declared fit to play. captain wayne rooney was the last player to score a winner for manchester united against city at home in 2011.
jose mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career as a manager. real madrid boss has won premier league, serie a and la liga titles. sportsmail picks his best ever xi. john terry, didier drogba and frank lampard also make the list.
benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family at a sydney hospice. he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november. a veteran of 63 test matches, benaud played a key role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s. pm tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral.
adi viveash's chelsea u19s side beat roma 4-0 in the uefa youth league semi-final at the stadio olimpico. dominic solanke scored a brace, with tammy abraham also on target for the home side. chelsea will now face shakhtar donetsk's u19 team in the final of the competition.
rita, 24, has channeled passion for fashion into new adidas range. collection is inspired by her love of travel and travel. also recently unveiled beauty range for rimmel. is only 24 and is one of the world's most successful stars.    she says her style has evolved as a result of her transatlantic career.
chris smalling joined twitter just days before manchester united face manchester city at old trafford. the defender posted a photo of himself and his girlfriend sam cooke on the social networking site. his team-mate adnan januzaj has also joined twitter. united take on rivals manchester in the champions league on saturday.    united are currently top of the table, four points clear of arsenal.
lauren hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma, a rare form of brain cancer, shortly after her 18th birthday. doctors told her she had less than two years to live and she was told she wouldn't live past december. she played four games for mount st. joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer. as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and moved to cincinnati children's hospital, where she died on friday morning.
jonathan trott is set to make his 50th test appearance for england against the west indies on monday. trott thought his england career was over after he reached 'breaking point' in brisbane. the batsman was forced to quit the last ashes tour after being dismissed by mitchell johnson.
ross mccormack opened the scoring for fulham after just four minutes against wigan at craven cottage. jermaine pennant equalised for wigan with a stunning free-kick in the 22nd minute. matt smith scored fulham's second goal in the 35th minute to restore the home side's lead. sean pearce scored a late equaliser to earn gary caldwell's side a point in the championship match.
arsene wenger has challenged his squad to focus on winning at burnley on saturday. the gunners travel to turf moor in search of an eighth straight premier league victory. chelsea currently hold a seven-point lead at the top of the table. jack wilshere, abou diaby and mikel arteta are in line to return from injury.
video from the philadelphia office of transportation shows characters in'safety suits' talking to residents about the dangers of phone use. 37 people died from being hit by cars in the city last year. campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who are most likely to be on their phones. some have criticized the campaign for focusing too much on pedestrians and blaming them for getting hit.
vincent kompany is an injury doubt for manchester city's clash against manchester united on sunday. manuel pellegrini's side have slipped into fourth place in the premier league. city captain and central defender will be assessed on saturday. city boss insists he does not fear for his job, despite his team's poor form. city lost 2-1 to crystal palace on monday and are without stevan jovetic and wilfried bony.
harry redknapp quit as qpr manager in february. the 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave the club. but he has described the club as 'like a bit of a soap opera' after quitting. he believes 'people with their own agendas' had a hand in his resignation. the former west ham boss left the club second from bottom of the league.
queens park rangers manager chris ramsey will have no problem shaking john terry's hand. terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for racist comments directed at anton ferdinand in october 2011. rio ferdinand, brother of anton, will not be fit for sunday's match against chelsea.
gareth bale will be rested for real madrid's game at home to eibar on saturday. carlo ancelotti is to give young players jese and asier illarramendi a game. cristiano ronaldo will play and is the la liga's top scorer this season. toni kroos and james rodriguez are suspended for the game at the bernabeu.
arsenal players have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist ahead of premier league clash with burnley. the gunners face burnley at turf moor on saturday evening. olivier giroud selected coldplay's 'every teardrop is a waterfall' as his track. nacho monreal, santi cazorla and laurent koscielny all opt for dance music.
chelsea captain john terry revealed his pfa team of the year on instagram. john named philippe coutinho as player of the season and harry kane as young player. kane has scored 19 league goals for tottenham this season. west brom midfielder youssouf mulumbu was mistakenly named best player by terry.
diego costa injured his hamstring in chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke city on saturday. jose mourinho hopes to have striker back for final four games of the season. the 26-year-old limped off after just 11 minutes with the injury. costa aggravated the hamstring against stoke and will miss four weeks.
chelsea have been top of the premier league table for 230 days of a single season. jose mourinho's side are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in premier league history. manchester united led the table for 262 days during the 1993/94 season. but chelsea can beat that record by 12 days if they stay top for the rest of the season.
niki lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver nico rosberg ahead of the race in shanghai. lauda is chairman of mercedes f1 and has criticised his driver's performance in the first two races of the season. the german finished behind team-mate lewis hamilton in practice for the chinese grand prix.
gary neville believes manchester city would struggle to attract top players thanks to financial fair play regulations. the former manchester united defender believes a star player would always choose a premier league rival. manuel pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the premier league table.    but manchester have been reined in by uefa's ffp regulations and need to be bold and take on rivals.
ilkay gundogan expects to complete a £15million move to manchester united at the end of the season. mats hummels is also expected to sign for old trafford this summer. louis van gaal is looking to strengthen manchester's defence with a double signing. dortmund boss    the germany centre-back has indicated he's ready to join united.
lee westwood's shot of the day at the masters. tiger woods has his name inscribed on his putter. gary player is fit as a flea. the masters is one of the few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices. sergio garcia's second round of 74 was a disappointment.
eden hazard has been in superb form for chelsea this season. jose mourinho insists eden hazard should win player of the season award. hazard is up against competition from harry kane and cesc fabregas. diego costa is set to be out for four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury.
byron meth opened with a 74 on his masters debut at augusta on friday. padraig harrington returned to the course after a year's absence. jack nicklaus ice cream is now available for dessert at the club. the stats from the second day of play at the masters showed par fours were the best holes of the day.
justin rose bogeyed three of the first four holes of his opening round at augusta. the 2013 us open champion drew a pencil line on his scorecard after a disastrous start. rose now sits joint third, seven shots behind runaway leader jordan spieth.
kevin pietersen made 170 runs off 149 balls for surrey against oxford mccu at the parks on sunday. former england captains alec stewart and nasser hussain believe he could make it difficult for the england selectors. the 34-year-old made his return to county cricket 14 months after his sacking.
arsene wenger has slammed post season tours as a 'nightmare'    manchester united boss louis van gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter tour of the us. tottenham will travel to australia and malaysia at the end of the premier league season.
michael jacobs opened the scoring for blackpool in the ninth minute. eidur gudjohnsen equalised for bolton wanderers in the final minute of stoppage time. it was blackpool's first away victory in 343 days for the bottom-of-the-table seasiders.
oxford women beat cambridge by six and a half lengths in the first women's boat race on the river thames. it was the first time in 88 years the women's race was held on the same course as the men's. the men won the 161st men's race by the same margin, also sharing the same winning margin.
richie benaud led his country in 28 of his 63 tests and never lost a series as captain.    benaud’s masterful analysis was universally revered as a player and commentator. he is meticulous in all things and is still as fit as a flea at 74.
alec stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ecb over the newly-created role of england cricket director. the surrey director of cricket is yet to speak to anyone at the england and wales cricket board about the position. stewart is in the frame to replace paul downton as managing director. andrew strauss and michael vaughan have also been linked to the job.
eden hazard and santi cazorla are both set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend. both players have been hugely influential for chelsea and arsenal this season. sportsmail's reporters choose the player they most enjoy watching in action. eden hazard is the man of the match at chelssea, while santi cazorla is arsenal's best player.
nico rosberg will start sunday's race behind team-mate lewis hamilton after missing out on pole by just 0.042secs. the german accused his mercedes team of putting him 'under pressure' during qualifying for the chinese grand prix. he will start behind hamilton at the front of the grid in shanghai.
alleged victim was gang raped on panama city beach, florida, during spring break last month. hundreds of people walked past but did not stop the attack. footage was found on a cell phone during an investigation into a shooting in troy, alabama. delone' martistee, 22, and ryan austin calhoun, 23, have been arrested in connection with the alleged rape.
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor in the premier league. aaron ramsey opened the scoring for arsene wenger's side in the first half. the gunners moved further clear of chelsea in second place. ben mee made a superb block to deny ramsey a second goal.
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of callaway golf clubs and accessories. the bundle is worth more than £1,300 and includes a callaway xr driver, irons and a set of irons.
arsene wenger's side have won seven straight games in the premier league this season. victory against burnley on saturday will ensure arsenal claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight. the gunners take on the clarets at turf moor. manchester city have a chance to surpass manchester's seven-game winning streak this season . the gunners hold the record for the most consecutive wins - winning 14 in a row to clinch the title in 2002.
peter crouch gave his verdict on charlie adam's robot celebration on sky's soccer am chat show. adam scored a stunning goal for stoke against chelsea on saturday. crouch originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for england against jamaica in 2006. the former england striker was less than impressed with adam's attempt to imitate him.
derby drew 2-2 with 10-man watford at the ipro stadium on friday night. steve mcclaren's side are without a win in seven games and six points off the top two. derby head coach stev mcclaren said his side only have themselves to blame. slavisa jokanovic was 'proud' of his team's fight in the draw at derby.
patrick bamford scored his 17th goal of the season for middlesbrough in the 20th minute. the on-loan chelsea striker has scored in his last four games for the second-tier side. boro moved back to the top of the premier league table after the win. wigan remain in the relegation zone after a third defeat in five games.
rovers midfielder rudi austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing ben marshall off the ball. tom cairney opened the scoring for blackburn rovers against leeds united. jordan rhodes and jay spearing scored the other goals in the 3-0 victory.
kenny jackett's wolves beat nottingham forest 2-1 in the sky bet championship on good friday. wolves boss told his side they must maintain their focus to maintain promotion push. wolves face leeds united at molineux on monday. dougie freedman says the difference between the two sides was composure in front of goal.
brandon wyne, 17, and his friend courtney griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken tail light in virginia beach, virginia. police claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car. wyne agreed to get out on the condition that he be pepper sprayed and tasered. police chief claims officer tried to delete the video, but failed. virginia police department has launched an investigation.
the unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the gravesend section of brooklyn. nypd has released images of a heart tattoo with the name'monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a rose. paramedics were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening.
dozens of staff at manchester united's megastore are sweating over their futures. nike's agreement with the club expires on july 31. some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed. club mascot fred the red is among the staff at the old trafford shop. united's world-record £750m kit deal with adidas is about to kick in.
charles manuel, a chiropractor in southern iowa, has surrendered his license to practice. he admitted to accepting sex as payment for his services and performing exorcisms on some patients. manuel signed an agreement admitting his misdeeds to the iowa board of chiropractic and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years. he listed his practice's addresses on a residential street.
robin thomas, of jonesboro, posted a sign on his truck that reads, 'looking for a date' after failing to find love online. the father-of-three is looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth'   he has three kids, aged six to 11, who he said think the sign is 'cute'
famur ukshini, 23, from the kosovan capital of pristina has almost 40,000 fans on instagram. flamur is a university student but also works as a part time model. he is in his final year studying business informatics and is studying business. thanks to his uncanny likeness to the one direction singer, he has been asked for photos.
clint chadbourne, 71, was headed back to portland from massachusetts with his wife and daughter. he pulled over at a rest stop and tried to get out but his gut was stuck in his seatbelt. clint said he was 'getting hydrophobic' while his family members filmed the incident. his wife posted the two-minute clip on facebook and it has been viewed almost 30 million times.
arsenal boss arsene wenger branded the 'circus' surrounding jurgen k klopp's departure as 'ridiculous'   k klopp announced on wednesday that he would be leaving borussia dortmund this summer. klopp won two bundesliga titles and reached the champions league final with the german side.
benedict cumberbatch was challenged to a game by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping while hosting the laureus world sports awards in shanghai. but despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, deng still won the match.
new york city fc drew 1-1 with philadelphia union at home on thursday night. mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring for jason kreis' side before cj sapong equalised late on. david villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time. new york have made a slow start to the mls season, winning just once.
mateo musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes left to play in villarreal's 1-1 draw with getafe. the argentine defender was diagnosed with a broken left ankle. diego castro scored for getafe in the la liga clash at the coliseum on sunday. villar real are sixth in the table after failing to win in seven games.
nac breda manager robert maaskant was furious after his side gave up a two-goal lead against fc dordrecht. the 46-year-old smashes his fist through the plastic casing of the dugout. nac were 2-0 up at half time against the bottom of the eredivisie side.
charles and camilla were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the ballindalloch distillery in aberdeenshire. they are known as the duke and duchess of rothesay in scotland. but they will have to wait eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as owners plan to allow it to mature.
unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond. he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time.
ac milan face rivals inter milan in the champions league derby at the san siro on sunday. the two sides meet in the second leg of their champions league quarter-final clash. the match was stopped because of flares being thrown on the pitch in april 2005. both sides are currently 15 points off the leaders champions league pace.
diego maradona scored the winner during an exhibition match in bogota to support the peace process in colombia. the 1986 world cup winner lashed out at a steward and a cameraman after the charity match. the argentina legend scored a late penalty to settle the friendly match.
arsene wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess. arsenal will take on reading in their fa cup semi-final on saturday evening. league leaders chelsea take on manchester united at home in premier league title game. wenger has branded the 'circus' around jurgen k klopp's resignation as 'ridiculous'
callum wilson opened the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute against reading at the madejski stadium. the cherries striker scored his 22nd goal of the season in the premier league. eddie howe's side remain in the top-six after a hard-fought win.
zlatan ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches by the french league's disciplinary commission. the paris saint-germain ace lambasted lionel jaffredo during his side's defeat against bordeaux. the swede will miss matches against nice, lille, metz, nantes and nantes. he has scored 102 goals for psg.
luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-0 in the champions league on wednesday. he has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games for barcelona. the barcelona forward is starting to look like a £75million signing. suarez has scored 18 goals in the league this season and is on 91 for the season.
wayne rooney was handed the captain's armband by louis van gaal last summer. the manchester united skipper has revealed he is captaining the team 'his own way' and has to be his own person. rooney insists the team spirit at man united is fantastic but there are times when he needs to speak up.
unnamed worker was spotted on the roof of a home in greenwich, south east london with just a rope tied around him for safety. building expert said the man should have at least had scaffolding up at the front of the property and a longer ladder. health and safety executive visited the house and served a prohibition notice.
liverpool reached the fa cup semi-final after beating blackburn rovers 1-0 in the quarter-final. simon mignolet insists liverpool are not feeling the pressure of reaching the final. steven gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season. liverpool face aston villa in the final of the competition next sunday. the reds have not reached the final since the 2006 final.
boca juniors beat palestino 2-0 to finish group five with a 100 per cent record. rodolfo arruabarrena's side will face arch rivals river plate in the copa libertadores last 16. boca scored a late goal in injury time to seal victory against chilean side palestino. internacional beat universidad de chile 4-0.
binky felstead, 24, has shared her top tips for achieving chelsea street style with otterbox. she says faux fur and statement jewellery are key to achieving the perfect look. binky has been in the cast of the show since 2011. she loves a tailored jacket and a day-to-night dress.
denis suarez scored a late winner for sevilla as they came from behind to beat zenit st petersburg 2-1 in the europa league quarter-final. fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to dynamo kiev in ukraine. club brugge and dnipro ended in a goalless stalemate in belgium.
molly hennessey-fiske, a reporter for the los angeles times, received the letter from a man purporting to be robert durst, 71, at a louisiana state prison. he was arrested for the suspected murder of his friend susan berman last month. the letter states that durst'said nothing about charges, crimes or trials' but rambles on about his thoughts on life in california. durst is currently being extradited to las angeles to face murder charges.
siem de jong has been out for eight months with a collapsed lung. the newcastle midfielder played 45 minutes for the under-21s on wednesday. the 26-year-old hopes to return to the first-team before the end of the season. john carver's side face swansea at st james' park on sunday.
piers morgan has called on arsenal to replace arsene wenger with borussia dortmund boss jurgen k klopp. klopp announced he will be leaving borussian dortmund in the summer. morgan says arsenal would be a 'perfect' club for the 'dynamic, driven young winner'   morgan is an outspoken critic of wenger, and believes k klopp would be the right man for the job.
two french male tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter on rottnest island off perth in western australia. the two men have been charged with animal cruelty. the quokka survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame. both men aged 18 and 24 have been evicted from the island.
deutsche bank survey shows australia to be the most expensive country in the world for the fourth year in a row. a luxurious hotel room in sydney costs $1126 per night, $640 more than in new york. australian prices are at 112 per cent of the us, meaning that we pay $1.12 to every $us1. sydney has the mostexpensive five star hotel rooms in the world. the united states remains the world's cheapest developed country.
police also caught baggage handlers at miami international airport stealing from passenger luggage after installing a hidden camera. 31 employees have been arrested for theft in miami since 2012, including six this year. airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 at john f. kennedy international airport.
serie a club parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations. the club are rooted to the bottom of serie a after being declared bankrupt last month. parma beat juventus 1-0 at the weekend but are still bottom of the table. the italian club have 12 points from 30 games this season.
former model bianca gascoigne was mugged by a gang of eight on bikes in marylebone, central london. the 28-year-old had her phone stolen which reportedly contained private texts from her father paul. she branded her muggers 'lowlifes on bikes' after the attack on tuesday afternoon. the gang attempted to steal her bag but ran away when she fought back.
the 15-year-old girl was hit on entrance road in warrilla at about 1am on wednesday morning. the driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing in the middle of the road. she suffered minor injuries and has already been released from shellharbour hospital. a witness said the girl was drinking heavily at a nearby houseparty.
carmem dierks was running the dodgy practice in west orange county, florida, according to authorities. she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab. authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an x-ray machine and dental molds. officers also found two patients in the middle of treatment and said she had been treating them for eight years.
ronnie tran and his mother were kidnapped from their home in des moines, washington. 40-year-old mother was stunned with a taser and tied to a cupboard in the garage. amber alert was issued after toddler was driven to a house in fife with his mother. he was found safe and well in renton and reunited with his parents on wednesday.
shannen hussein lives on a hobby farm outside melbourne with over 150 pets. the 21-year-old has spent her life caring for the animals on a 30-acre farm. she shares all her animal's adventures on social media. her lamb winter became an internet sensation after a video of him bouncing down a hallway went viral. ms hussein cares for dogs, cats, sheep, birds, lizards, snakes, scorpions, camels and more. she estimates she has at least 150 different animals on her parents' farm.
jurgen k klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer. k klopp has been in charge of dortmund for seven years. the 47-year-old said he believes dortmund need a change of manager. klopp is the bookmakers' favourite to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city. the dortmund boss has been linked with liverpool and arsenal in the past.
duchess of cambridge’s younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in a london park. wore pink and grey trainers and a pink sports vest and shorts with a baseball cap. stopped to chat to a fellow jogger as she made her way around the park. the 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride in june.
aaron lennon opened the scoring for everton in the 41st minute after scoring from the penalty spot. jonjo shelvey converted from the spot after seamus coleman handled the ball in the penalty box. roberto martinez's side were held to a draw at the liberty stadium.
gerard pique is preparing to play his 300th game for barcelona against paris saint-germain. pique joined barca in 2008 from manchester united and has made 299 appearances. the defender is poised to star in their champions league quarter-final match with psg on wednesday.
everton drew 1-1 with swansea city at the liberty stadium on saturday afternoon. tim howard is adamant the europa league is not to blame for everton's poor season in the premier league. aaron lennon scored for the merseyside club but jonjo shelvey scored a penalty to equalise. roberto martinez's side could finish in the bottom half of the league for the first time since 2006.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-1 at old trafford in the derby on derby day. ashley young scored and created two goals for louis van gaal's side. the 29-year-old said united were focused on quieting their 'noisy neighbours' city fans.    the winger also provided the assist for marouane fellaini and chris smalling.
sergey bubka is sebastian coe's rival for iaaf president. bubka launched his election manifesto on wednesday with a promise to crack down on doping. the ukrainian pole vault great is battling with coe for the top job at athletics' world governing body.
dani alves insists he is happy at barcelona and is yet to sign a deal with another club. the brazilian defender is out of contract this summer. manchester united and paris saint-germain are reportedly interested in signing alves. the 31-year-old's agent revealed last week that alves has rejected barcelona's contract offer.
barcelona will offer £50m for paul pogba and plan to let him stay in italy for a year on loan. chelsea are barca's only rivals for the frenchman's signature. lionel messi has returned to training for barcelona after a foot injury. real madrid can win la liga title if they win final 10 games of the season. benfica face marseille at the top of ligue 1 this weekend.
aljaz bedene lost 6-1 6-4 to jiri vesely in the last eight of grand prix hassan ii in casablanca. bedene has switched from slovenia to great britain. the world no 2 will play spanish veteran daniel gimeno-traver in the semi-finals.
jordan spieth has hailed the'most incredible week' of his life after winning the masters at augusta. the 21-year-old led from start to finish for the first time in 39 years. spieth is the second youngest masters winner of all time and the first start-to-finish winner of the tournament.   spieth held his nerve in sunday's final round and finished four shots clear of the field.
jordan spieth became the second youngest masters winner after tiger woods in 1997. the 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat justin rose and phil mickelson by four shots. rory mcilroy finished fourth after a final round 66 at the masters.
family in texas became infested with 30 birds in the front room of their home. according to the video maker the birds came in through the chimney. the family remain very calm throughout the video. the filmmaker initially thought the birds were bats before realising they were sparrows.
andy murray is marrying his long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane cathedral on saturday. the former wimbledon champion looked nervous during his wedding rehearsal. murray and sears have been together for 10 years. the 27-year-old will fly to barcelona after his nuptials to look at assistant coach jonas bjorkman.
the dog named foxxy cleopatra and the bearded dragon can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. the video maker said that the chihuahua never tries to hurt the dragon and loves to chase after him. the reptile doesn't like the family's other pet cat and will only play with it when the dog is around.
andy murray is set to marry his girlfriend kim sears in dunblane on saturday. the british no 1's current coach amelie mauresmo has announced that she is expecting a baby. murray has been planning to work with former world no 3 jonas bjorkman as an assistant coach. the swede is due to give birth some time in august and may have to alter her coaching schedule.
s hooker tom youngs was sin-binned for a barge on leicester's chris ashton after 37 minutes. leicester were 6-0 up at allianz park. saracens scored two tries with youngs off but failed to earn a four-try bonus. billy vunipola and marcelo bosch scored for the second-placed sarries.
ian botham was tempted to bet on jimmy anderson breaking his test wickets record on day three of the first test in antigua. anderson is still one shy of botham's record of 383 dismissals. ben stokes was frustrated twice when he thought he dismissed jermaine blackwood. moeen ali has been added to the england squad for the remaining tests. jos buttler took five catches for the first time in a test innings.
spencer gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlacher were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. keltsie was found in the living room stabbed to death as her 15-month-old baby girl was sleeping in the next room. spencer turned himself in and faces first-degree murder charges. the couple were recently divorced and keltingie lived in her utah apartment alone with her daughter.
marland yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at the stoop for harlequins. charlie sharples and dan robson also crossed for gloucester. greig laidlaw and nick evans kicked 14 points each for the hosts.
alastair cook failed with the bat again on day three of the first test in antigua. captain cook was out for 13 as england finished on 116-3 at the end of the third day. jonathan trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets fell for not many. west indies believe they now dominate england captain cook after he failed in both innings.
robbie savage posted a picture on twitter showing the progress of his diet and fitness regime. the match of the day pundit has lost 12st 12 and 12.4% bodyfat in 12 weeks. the former birmingham player took part in bbc's strictly come dancing with ola jordan.
alastair cook failed with the bat for the second time on day three of the first test in antigua. jonathan trott was also out cheaply as england bowled west indies out for 295 in their first innings. james tredwell picked up four wickets as the first three wickets fell for not many. england captain cook is without an international century for almost two years.
san antonio spurs team-mates announce debut song'spurs!' in amusing music video. kawhi leonard, matt bonner, patty mills, aron baynes and official mascot the coyote take part. spurs are preparing to defend their nba title as they face new orleans pelicans.
c.j. miles scored 25 points as indiana pacers beat washington wizards 99-95 in second overtime. los angeles lakers beat phoenix suns 112-101 in final game of the regular season. boston celtics beat toronto raptors 95-93 to secure seventh seed in eastern conference.
ronald koeman feels southampton have struggled to score goals this season. saints have slipped out of the champions league places and into seventh in the table. koeman believes opponents are giving southampton more respect due to their style of play. southampton are on a run of three defeats in their last six games.
steph curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row during golden state warriors' practice session. the point guard made 94 out of his 100 attempts during the golden state session. curry has led the warriors to the top of the western conference standings in the regular nba season. the 27-year-old eclipsed his own nba record for most three-pointers made in a season.
arsene wenger's side beat burnley 1-0 in the premier league on saturday. it was arsenal's eighth win in a row and kept up the pressure on chelsea. aaron ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the first half. olivier giroud wants to continue winning streak and challenge for the title.
aaron finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for yorkshire in the summer. finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for mumbai indians in indian premier league match. the world cup-winner is set to return to yorkshire.
belgian striker has scored eight goals in six matches for aston villa. christian benteke says it would be risky to suggest villa can be safe from relegation with one more win. villa are six points clear of queens park rangers in 18th place in the league.
the football association will be contacting qpr and chelsea after incident at loftus road on sunday. branislav ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter thrown from the crowd. qpr are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident. the west london derby was marred by objects being thrown onto the pitch.
darren fletcher opened the scoring for west brom after eight minutes at the hawthorns. leicester striker david nugent equalised for nigel pearson's side in the second half. craig gardner put the bottom side ahead before robert huth put his side back in the lead. jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to secure a 2-1 win for leicester at the premier league.
nigel pearson believes leicester city's premier league survival is still firmly in their own hands. the foxes beat west bromwich albion 3-2 on saturday and beat west ham united 2-1 last week. leicester are just three points behind hull city at the foot of the table. andy king scored a late winner against west ham and robert huth scored for leicester.
jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner against west bromwich albion at the hawthorns. darren fletcher and craig gardner had put leicester 2-1 down at half-time. robert huth equalised for leicester in the 80th minute before vardy struck the winner. leicester remain bottom of the premier league table with seven games to play.
no-one is dead and buried in the premier league title race. sunderland are 15th and leicester are 20th with seven games to play. crystal palace have the hardest run-in of the teams in the bottom six. hull are 17th with 17 points and face a tough final seven games. but have qpr improved enough away from home to stay up?
chris ramsey watched his side hold off league leaders chelsea for 88 minutes at loftus road on sunday. but cesc fabregas scored a late winner in the west london derby. ramsey crouched down on the touchline to collect his thoughts after the late goal. qpr remain in the relegation zone, two points above the drop zone.
dick advocaat has refused to rule out staying on as sunderland boss beyond the end of this season. the 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats. he celebrated his first home victory over rivals newcastle last week. sunderlands boss has given his players a five-match survival target against crystal palace.
carlton cole's contract expires at the end of the season and he is unsure if he will be offered a new deal. sam allardyce's contract at west ham expires in the summer. cole has not spoken to the manager about his future because he does not know if he'll be at the club.
tottenham will play in the 2015 at&t mls all stars game on july 29 at dick's sporting goods park. spurs return to the us after a three-match tour last summer. it will be the only pre-season fixture that tottenham will play outside of europe. mauricio pochettino is looking forward to returning to the the us for the fixture.
manuel pellegrini's men face west ham at manchester city on sunday afternoon. sam allardyce's side have lost four of their last six premier league games. west ham midfielder cheikhou kouyate is wary of facing champions manchester city. city were thrashed 4-2 at old trafford last week .
lionel messi wants celtic to play in the champions league next season to sample the 'best atmosphere in europe' again. the bhoys failed to qualify for europe's elite club competition this season. messi has played at cltic park three times during his career with barcelona. the barcelona midfielder has played in 2008, 2012 and 2013.
west ham drew 1-1 with stoke city at upton park on saturday in the premier league. marko arnautovic scored a 95th minute equaliser for the home side. aaron cresswell scored the opening goal of the game with a free kick after seven minutes. sam allardyce's side have dropped points for the second game in a row.
greg dyke admits football association's response to jeff astle's death was 'woefully inadequate'   fa and pfa promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia. but research was never carried out. west brom paid tribute to the former baggies striker on 'astle day' at the hawthorns.
daniel wass is available for around £3.5million and has been watched by chelsea, liverpool and newcastle. mark hughes has opened talks with evian over a summer move for the full back. the 25-year-old can play at right back, left back or either wing for stoke.
the scottish professional football league moved rangers' final-day clash with hearts back to saturday, may 2. the league had originally moved the match to may 3 after hibs finished second in the championship. but sky sports decided to screen the match live and moved the kick-off to tynecastle. but the league has now decided to move the match back to its original date. all other championship fixtures will now be moved to 12.15pm on saturday.
celtic face closest rivals aberdeen at pittodrie on sunday, may 10. the parkhead side could win the scottish premiership title if they win all their remaining games. celtic face kilmarnock at parkhead on wednesday night. aberdeen play st johnstone in their final game of the season. celtic will not play a saturday league tie this season.
daniel carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards mario mandzukic's arm during champions league quarter-final clash. real madrid defender denied claims he bit the atletico madrid striker after the game. atletico striker mariomandzukics was left with a cut on his eye after clash with real's sergio ramos.
myles hippolyte gave livingston the lead early in the second half. marius zaliukas equalised for stuart mccall's rangers in the 49th minute. rangers move up to second place in the championship table after draw at championship bottom side livingston.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league quarter-final first-leg on wednesday. spanish media have praised barcelona after their performance at psg. luis suarez scored twice and neymar also scored for the catalans. french publication l'equipe is damning of psg's performance after their loss.
everton striker romelu lukaku will be given a late fitness test for the home clash with southampton. southampton midfielder steven davis is a doubt for saturday's premier league clash at goodison park. darron gibson and kevin mirallas are in contention to feature for the toffees.
barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 champions league matches since 1992. luis suarez's two goals against psg took barcelona past 400 champions league goals. real madrid still have the record with 436 goals scored in the competition. barcelona have found the net most against ac milan (22) and manchester united.
angel rangel is in line for his first swansea start for over two months at home to everton. romelu lukaku is a major doubt for everton's trip to the liberty stadium with a hamstring injury. jefferson montero could make the bench after recovering from injury. darron gibson, bryan oviedo and aiden mcgeady also a doubt for roberto martinez.
raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe. sterling arrived at liverpool's melwood base for training on wednesday after fresh pictures emerged of him holding a pipe. the liverpool forward was caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide earlier this week. sterling was also pictured alongside team-mate jordon ibe holding a shishas pipe.   sterling is expected to meet liverpool manager brendan rodgers on thursday.
matt taylor could make his return from seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off for burnley. ross wallace and steven reid could return for clarets at turf moor on saturday. jack wilshere, mikel arteta and abou diaby could feature for arsenal. laurent koscielny and wojciech szczesny face fitness tests for the gunners.
raheem sterling was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide. the liverpool forward is expected to meet manager brendan rodgers on thursday to remind him of his responsibilities. sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe. the 20-year-old was also filmed apparently taking the drug.
four-time olympic champion bradley wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record on june 7. the briton will race in front of a sell-out crowd at london's olympics velodrome.    the current hour record is 52.491km, set by australian rohan dennis in february.
matt prior's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire. the former england cricketer is chief executive of the team. the inaugural event will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1.
george bailey will play the second half of sussex's natwest t20 blast campaign for sussex. the australia batsman will take over from mahela jayawardene. bailey has captained his country in both limited-overs formats.
sam bennett was involved in a 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre of the scheldeprijs one day classic. the 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in belgium on monday. bennett suffered severe cuts to his back and shoulders and suffered whiplash. team sky's bradley wiggins and geraint thomas managed to avoid the crash.
manchester united and chelsea will take part in the international champions cup this summer. barcelona, porto, paris saint-germain, new york red bulls, san jose earthquakes and la galaxy will also play in the tournament. the pre-season tournament is set to be played between july 11 and august 5.
lionel messi opened the scoring for barcelona in the 14th minute. claudio bravo and gerard pique made individual errors to let sevilla back into the game. barcelona threw away a two-goal lead in the second half. sergio banega and gameiro scored for real madrid in the 83rd minute.
alberto bueno has scored 17 goals for rayo vallecano this season and could move to porto at the end of the season. bueno faces his former club real madrid at derby on wednesday night. he played for derby on loan five years ago and scored five goals in 29 games. he is the highest-scoring spanish-national in la liga.
liverpool midfielder lucas leiva and barcelona's alex song are both targets for inter milan. roberto mancini is interested in signing manchester city duo stevan jovetic and yaya toure. joveic and toure look set to leave the club in the summer. alexsong is currently on loan at west ham united from barcelona.
john degenkolb won the paris-roubaix in his final race with team sky. sir bradley wiggins was attempting to sign off with a win in the final race of his career. wiggins is quitting the team to ride for his own squad, 'wiggins'   wiggins led a breakaway with 32 kilometres remaining, but was unable to maintain his lead to win. luke rowe was team sky's first man home in eighth, with greg van avermaet in third.
daniel sturridge was left out of liverpool's squad for monday's premier league game against newcastle united. manager brendan rodgers said his star striker would be monitored ahead of fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday. steven gerrard could return at wembley after serving his suspension.
dirk kuyt returns to feyenoord after nine years at liverpool and fenerbahce. the former holland forward signs a one-year contract with the dutch club. he retired from international football in october after finishing third at the world cup. the 34-year-old has played for liverpool, fenerbache and liverpool.
valencia beat levante 3-0 at the mestalla to move within a point of third place in la liga. paco alcacer scored a brace in the derby victory on monday night. valencia are fourth on 65 points, with atletico madrid on 66 after a draw at malaga.
barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to sevilla in the la liga title race. real madrid are two points off barcelona after a 3-0 win over eibar. bottom club parma beat serie a leaders juventus 1-0 in a shock result in italian media.
utrecht drew 1-1 with ajax at the stadion galgenwaard on sunday. utrecht appeared to have twelve players on the pitch during the first-half. edouard duplan had no idea he was substituted and hopped over the advertising hoarding to the bench. ramon leeuwin was sent off in the 87th minute of the game.
chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with royal mouscron-peruwelz. royal had a partnership with lille but that is now set to end. chelsea already have an agreement with vitesse arnhem in holland. royal are currently 13th in belgian pro league.
arsene wenger's side record eighth win in a row at turf moor. aaron ramsey scored the opening goal of the game in the 12th minute. the welsh midfielder fired arsenal into a 1-0 lead after 12 minutes at the home of burnley. the win is the best run for arsene's side since the invincibles in 2004.
jordan spieth leads charley hoffman by five strokes at the halfway stage of the masters. spieth carded a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130, matching the lowest 36-hole score in masters history. the 21-year-old leads the field by five shots after the first two days of the tournament.   spieth has the lowest two-round score at augusta and the largest halfway lead in masters' history.
dustin johnson became the first man ever to have three eagles in one round at the masters. jordan spieth was the youngest first-round leader in masters history after a 66 on friday. johnson set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par at augusta national. tiger woods shot a commendable 69, his first score in the sixties in 15 rounds in majors.
derry mathews was set to fight cuban wba champion richar abril for the interim world title on april 18. abril pulled out through illness and has been elevated to 'champion in recess'   darleys perez has been declared the full champion of the lightweight division.
andy murray will marry his girlfriend of almost 10 years kim sears in dunblane on saturday. the british no 1 and two-time grand slam champion andy murray met sears when the pair were teenagers. murray and sears met at the us open in 2005 and have been together since. the couple got back together in 2010 after a brief split.
josh warrington will box vinnie jones in leeds on saturday night. justin bieber and lil wayne were joined in the ring by floyd mayweather. prince naseem hamed and nathan cleverly have also been joined by other celebrities.
danny garcia is set to fight lamont peterson in a non-title fight in new york on saturday. the light welterweight champion has revealed he has six toes on his right foot. garcia has never been knocked down and insists he will 'kick peterson's butt'   garcia knocked out amir khan in four rounds in 2012 and has a 29-0 record.
bayern munich face porto in the champions league quarter-final at the dragao on wednesday night. xabi alonso wants to win the title with three different clubs. clarence seedorf won four champions league with three clubs, including two with ac milan. alonso won the title in his first season with liverpool in 2005.
karim benzema believes real madrid are capable of retaining the champions league. the la liga giants won their 10th european cup last season. james rodriguez has said 'it's a pleasure to work with' carlo ancelotti. benzema was speaking ahead of real's champions league clash with atletico.
showtime release a short promotional video from floyd mayweather jnr's training camp ahead of $300m mega-fight. american boxer faces manny pacquiao on may 2 at mgm grand in las vegas. mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
diego simeone's atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday night. the atletico boss recently extended his deal at the club until 2019. sime one has turned atletico around since joining in december 2011. the 44-year-old took atletico to the title last season.
monaco coach leonardo jardim believes juventus are a better team than arsenal in champions league quarter-final clash. jardem and arsene wenger fell out after the ligue 1 side beat arsenal 3-1 in the second round. the arsenal manager refused to shake the hand of the monaco coach after the game. jardenim claimed wenger was 'disrespectul' during champions league exit.
manny pacquiao takes to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey ahead of his bout with floyd mayweather. the 36-year-old will face mayweather at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2. pacquaio also posted a photo thanking nba legend karl malone for visiting him at the gym. the welterweight boxer's trainer, freddie roach, believes his man is better equipped to beat mayweather now than he was in 2010.
carlos tevez is worshipped by juventus fans and has scored six champions league goals this season. the italian side face monaco in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday. massimiliano allegri's team are aiming to beat monaco at the stade louis ii. it has been 12 years since juventus last reached the champions league final. monaco beat arsenal 3-1 in the last 16 of the competition.
jose mauri scored the only goal of the game as parma beat juventus 1-0 in serie a on saturday. it was only juventus' second league defeat of the season. massimiliano allegri's side are 14 points clear at the top of the table. genoa beat cagliari 2-0 while inter milan beat verona 3-0.
carlo ancelotti has hailed diego simeone as one of the best coaches in the world. real madrid host atletico madrid in champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday. gareth bale is set to return to the squad after missing eibar game. the italian boss has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the derby champions league clash.
carlos tevez has scored 36 goals in the italian league since joining juventus in 2013. the former manchester united and city striker says it is harder to score goals in serie a than premier league. the argentine striker says premier league midfields are 'non-existent'   tevez won the champions league with united in 2008 and scored 84 premier league goals and won three titles.
juventus face monaco in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday. massimiliano allegri is expecting a 'boring' game at home. andrea pirlo has returned to training after recovering from a calf injury. the juventus boss believes both sides will adopt a cautious approach.
gary bowyer believes blackburn should brace themselves for interest in their players. blackburn lost to liverpool in the fa cup quarter-finals on wednesday night. bowyer has rejected advances for jordan rhodes and rudy gestede in the last two transfer windows.
brighton, birmingham and reading are interested in signing rangers top scorer nicky law. law has scored 12 goals for rangers this season. former rangers star lewis macleod has still not kicked a ball for brentford since joining in january.
yann kermorgant opened the scoring with a free-kick in the 70th minute at the amex stadium. callum wilson doubled bournemouth's lead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute. eddie howe's side moved four points clear at the top of the championship after the win.
mark clattenburg will take charge of paris saint-germain vs barcelona in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday night. he will be assisted by five other englishmen. clattenberg is the only england's top official for the first leg of the tie. he chose not to send off vincent kompany in the manchester derby at the weekend.
pep guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth champions league semi-final in his six years as a manager. bayern munich face porto in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday. guardiola led barcelona to champions league glory in 2009 and 2011. the premier league in europe has declined since guardiola took over at barcelona in 2008.
steven gerrard and phil jagielka released 96 red balloons at the 26th hillsborough memorial service at anfield. liverpool manager brendan rodgers and the liverpool squad were present at the memorial service for the 96 fans who died at hillsborough. everton manager roberto martinez joined his captain at the service.    the annual memorial service was held to mark the anniversary of the disaster that occurred during an fa cup semi-final.
luis suarez scored twice in barcelona's 3-1 win over psg at the parc des princes on wednesday night. the uruguayan striker scored bar barcelona's 1,000th goal in european competition. barcelona are currently the second highest scorers in the champions league.
stephen dodd took a photograph of solicitors asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at half-time of fa cup match. he posted it online and called the men a 'disgrace'   dodd tried to defend himself by saying that he was a long-standing fan of liverpool fc. club authorities say they will 'take appropriate action' against the supporter, who could be banned from matches.
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday's manchester derby at old trafford. chief superintendent john o'hare says the decision is down to fans' good behaviour. merseyside police launched a legal challenge to the start of the derby at 5.30pm.
jurgen k klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave the club at the end of the season. the 47-year-old manager believes he has taken dortmund as far as he can. klopp has been at dortmund for seven years and has won two bundesliga titles. dortmund have flirted with relegation this season and are currently 10th in the bundesliga. the former mainz boss has been linked with a move to the premier league.
luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-0 in the champions league on wednesday. edinson cavani failed to deliver on the biggest stage for laurent blanc's side. barcelona's front three are the most in-form in world football. psg yearn for zlatan ibrahimovic's quality and were unbeaten without him this season. lionel messi was the most eye-catching barcelona forward in the first half.
liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe. it is the second time sterling has been pictured with a pipe in the past few days. the images of sterling will be a concern to clubs considering a move for the star. becoming as good as lionel messi or cristiano ronaldo requires more than ability alone.
zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as paris saint-germain beat saint-etienne 4-1 in french cup final. the sweden striker took his career tally to 102 goals for the club. psg will face auxerre in the final at the stade de france on wednesday.   the capital side are bidding to become the first french side to win all three domestic trophies.
bayer leverkusen lost 5-3 to bayern munich in the dfb-pokal quarter-final on wednesday night. emir spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury. video footage appears to show the defender fighting and aiming a headbutt at stewards after the game. public prosecutor in cologne has referred the incident to police.
philippe coutinho scored the winner for liverpool with 20 minutes to play in the fa cup quarter-final replay at ewood park. blackburn goalkeeper simon eastwood almost scored a late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner but his shot was saved by simon mignolet. liverpool will face aston villa in the semi-finals of the competition.
carl hayman has admitted toulon 'have a lot of work to do' to win a third consecutive european title. toulon beat wasps 32-18 in the quarter-final of the rugby champions cup on sunday. new zealand captain hayman's side face leinster in the semi-finals on april 19. no side has ever won three consecutive titles in europe.
will stevens is yet to compete in qualifying or the race for his new team manor this season. the manor driver is hoping to compete at the chinese grand prix this weekend. manor have yet to turn a wheel in anger for the opening two races of the season.
aaron cook was overlooked for the great britain taekwondo squad at london 2012. the 24-year-old has refused to fight for the british flag since may 2012. cook has been granted citizenship by moldova and plans to compete for them at the 2016 olympics in rio. cook is aggrieved at being overlooked in favour of lutalo muhammad.
nathan hughes was initially suspended for three matches after accidentally knocking out george north's head. hughes's knee collided with the head of the welsh lion as he scored a try for northampton on march 27. the wasps forward was sent off and then banned for three weeks. but the ban was thrown out on appeal after an outcry on his behalf. north was left unconscious after the incident at franklin's gardens.
michael phelps was banned from swimming for six months after drink-driving arrest in september. american has won 22 olympic medals, 18 of them golds. phelps will return to the pool in mesa, arizona, next week. the 29-year-old was caught driving 84mph in a 45mph zone in baltimore.
toulon beat european champions wasps in the quarter-final of the champions cup on sunday. mathieu bastareaud and will helu scored tries for the defending champions. ali williams scored a late try for toulon after he should have been sin-binned.
reading face premier league giants arsenal in fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday. it has been 88 years since reading last reached the last-four of the competition. steve clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion. the royals face in-form arsenal in a crunch clash at the stadium.
world no 5 wozniacki watched a basketball game in indiana alongside nfl star j.j. watt on monday. the pair were watching the final four college basketball championship game. world no 5 had spent the day at the white house with us president barack obama. she was invited to take part in the annual easter egg roll and played tennis with the president. the duke blue devils were beaten 68-63 by the university of wisconsin.
justin carney dislocated his elbow in castleford's 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday. carney is set to be out for up to two months after being told he needs elbow surgery. the australian winger will be sidelined for six to eight weeks.
pablo osvaldo thinks andrea pirlo and francesco totti should move to boca juniors. the italian midfielder is on loan at boca on a season-long loan deal from southampton. the 29-year-old believes the duo would be a good fit for argentinian giants.
world no 5 caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house to take part in the annual easter egg roll. the danish ace played tennis with us president barack obama. obama wasn't well dressed for tennis but the pair enjoyed the day together. the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live! with kelly and michael.
manchester united face manchester city at old trafford in the manchester derby on april 22. louis van gaal's side are in form and manuel pellegrini's team are in poor form. both sides are in contrasting form going into the derby. sportsmail selects a composite xi of the sides ahead of the clash.   pablo zabaleta is the best right back either club can boast ander herrera is man of the moment for louis.
milinda gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in chile and was changing flights at auckland airport. he downed a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets and then allegedly groped a female passenger's breast. the western australian man pleaded guilty to indecent assault and threatening to kill. he was flying fromauckland airport to perth after a holiday. the qantas flight was taxiing to the runway when the incident took place.
the fire broke out at ben gurion international airport in israel moments before take-off. six passengers were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames. the small plane was scheduled to fly out to russia from the middle eastern country. it is unknown how or why the plane erupted into flames.
william 'frankie' dugan, 29, and 32-year-old valerie ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in muskogee, oklahoma. the couple were charged in march after they allegedly committed sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children. police are searching for more potential victims of dugan and ojo.
robin van persie is not yet fit enough to play for manchester united against manchester city on sunday. louis van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating rivals city in the derby at old trafford. united boss has ruled out the return of    luke shaw, who is also yet to be fully fit.
manchester united face manchester city at old trafford in the manchester derby on sunday. louis van gaal says he is not worried about the prospect of facing man city. the manager believes he had more fear of facing aston villa than city. united are currently one point ahead of city in third place in the league. van gaal believes man city will not be as defensive-minded as aston villa. united have lost four successive manchester derbies and lost to city at the etihad stadium last season.
manchester city boss manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by manchester united's rise up the table. manchester city have lost five of their last seven games in the premier league and travel to old trafford on sunday. he points out louis van gaal's quality squad and says it is not a surprise.
manchester united host manuel pellegrini's manchester city at old trafford on sunday. louis van gaal's men are in the premier league title race and need to win the derby. vincent kompany could lose his place in the team for the clash. but who is the better player in the manchester derby? and who will win?
newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal before half-time in the wear-tyne derby. newcastle keeper waited in the tunnel for defoe after scoring a stunning volley. jamie carragher claimed newcastle's keeper made a mistake after appearing to congratulate the striker. but newcastle goalkeeper defended his actions after the game. dick advocaat believes defoe's goal has set sunderlands on their way to premier league survival.
jermain defoe scored the winner for sunderland against newcastle in the wear-tyne derby on sunday. the former fc toronto striker scored a stunning volley to secure a 1-0 win for the black cats. defoe says his goal is justification for his return to the premier league. the 32-year-old compared the feeling of scoring the winner to scoring at the world cup.
jermain defoe scored a brilliant volley in the 45th minute to give sunderland a 1-0 lead against newcastle united at the stadium of light. the former england striker scored his third goal of the season with a left-footed volley. newcastle keeper tim krul was forced to make a superb save to keep out the home side.
newcastle united lost 1-0 at sunderland in the tyne-wear derby at the stadium of light. john carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by newcastle's performance. newcastle were second best in every department during a fifth straight derby defeat. jermain defoe scored a stunning volley to secure a vital win for the black cats.
the family of murdered australian baseball player chris lane broke down in court as they listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 emergency call. lane, 22, was shot in the back while jogging in duncan, oklahoma, in august 2013. chancey luna, 17, has been charged with first-degree murder after allegedly shooting lane. lane's parents, donna and peter lane, listened to 911 emergency phone call made by witnesses who tried to save lane's life. lane was jogging along a road when he was randomly gunned down.
manchester united face manchester city in the derby on sunday. louis van gaal has returned captain wayne rooney to his preferred position up front. the 29-year-old had been deployed in midfield this season and manchester had struggled. united head into the derby as slight favourites at old trafford.
boy, who cannot be named, must stay in the care of his local authority due to his poor dental health. boy had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago due to a diet high in sugar. details emerged at a family court hearing in reading, berkshire, by judge eleanor owens. she ruled the boy must remain with his foster carers due to tooth decay.
jermain defoe scored the only goal of the game as sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 at the stadium of light. the 32-year-old scored a left-footed volley in the 45th minute. it was the black cats' fifth successive win in the premier league against the magpies. the striker was overcome with emotion after scoring the winner at newcastle.
mario balotelli has been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season. liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he is'surprised and shocked' at the level of online abuse. more than 8,000 abusive messages were directed towards the italy striker. daniel sturridge and danny welbeck have also been targeted by racists on the internet. kick it out estimates there have been 134,000 discriminatory posts this season for premier league players.
adam peaty beat the previous record of 58.46 set by cameron van der burgh at the 2012 olympics. his time of 57.92 seconds was a new world record for the 100m breast stroke. he beat the record set by the south african at the same venue in 2012.
reading face arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday. reading co-owners lady sasima srivikorn and sir john madejski spoke to sportsmail's matt lawton. reading will play at arsenal at the madejsci stadium in the semi-finals of the competition. lady s asima is the co-chairman of reading along with sir john. she was shot at her house by three men with m16 automatic weapons in 2014.
every woman surveyed in paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment. half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old. poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains. six out of ten women were afraid of being attacked on public transport.
dion dublin joined martin roberts and lucy alexander as a co-host on bbc's homes under the hammer. the former footballer made his debut as a presenter on monday morning. dublin helped a brother and sister-in-law renovate a three bedroom semi-detached house in dartford. the 45-year-old joined regular hosts martin and lucy on the popular property renovation series.
pekingese dogs marley and mitzy disappeared from the front garden of their home in doncaster, south yorkshire. owners adele and steven worgan left the pets to play in the garden. neighbours believe they have captured the alleged dog-napper on cctv. the pair are offering a £1,000 reward for their safe return.
michael carrick, daley blind, phil jones and marcos rojo are all out injured for manchester united. louis van gaal's side face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday. captain wayne rooney could be dropped back into midfield for the game. robin van persie is yet to be passed fit enough to return from injury.
shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. tim sherwood confirmed the irishman will start a day before his 39th birthday. the 38-year-old has played in all four of villa's fa cup matches this season.
pensioner forced to pay £20,000 in damages for allegations made online. blackpool fan frank knight posted an apology on a supporters' messageboard. knight was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his facebook page. the oyston family own the club and have been criticised by fans.
manchester united travel to chelsea for premier league clash at stamford bridge on saturday. louis van gaal faces selection dilemmas after michael carrick and daley blind are ruled out. captain wayne rooney may have to play in holding midfield role against the blues. radamel falcao or robin van persie could start up front for manchester united. phil jones and marcos rojo also missing from the squad due to injury.
philippe coutinho moved from vasco de gama to inter milan for £8.5million in 2013. the brazilian playmaker made his debut at 18, but was underused at the san siro. piero ausilio says the club lost patience and sold coutinho to liverpool. coutinho has been nominated for the pfa player of the season award this term.
luke shaw was substituted at half time against arsenal in the fa cup. louis van gaal told shaw he was not fit enough to play for manchester united. shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the england squad as he struggles at united. the £28million defender is struggling to come to terms with his new life and has turned to united's psychologist of late.
john carver has won just two games in 14 games since replacing alan pardew as newcastle manager. newcastle have lost their last five premier league games under carver. carver says he's enjoying his role at st james' park and believes he's getting the best out of players.
chris zebroski admitted four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault. the 28-year-old was jailed for four years and four months at swindon crown court. newport county striker played for the league two side as recently as tuesday. the striker has been sacked by the club.
aaron ramsey admits the banter with the english team-mates at arsenal is already flying. chris coleman's side are currently unbeaten in euro 2016 qualifying. wales climbed to 22 in the april world rankings, eight places above england. ramsey says he has told his team-mate to beware of wales overtaking them in the fifa rankings.
ash handley scored a hat-trick of tries as leeds beat reigning champions st helens 41-16. the rhinos are six points clear at the top of super league after the win. leeds have now played every other team in the league. saints have now lost four of their last five matches.
mesut ozil says he is playing his best football since joining arsenal in the summer of 2013. ozil was off the pace at the start of this season, but is now back to his best. the german star was injured for three months, but says it 'worked in his favour'   ozil said 10 years of playing football had taken their toll, but he has come to terms with the premier league.
ramiul sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal. herd of elephants invaded the village in murshidabad district of india, destroying crops and houses. locals were trying to coax the animals back into the forest when one turned violent. the elephant charged at mr ramiul twice after villagers tried to encourage the herd to move on.
the pilot was trying to land the twin-engine plane at fort lauderdale executive airport in south florida. the pilot declared an emergency before the plane crashed in a wooded area close to the runway. the cause of the crash is not yet known. four people died in the tragic incident on sunday.
rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in bydgoszcz, northern poland. the green-eyed cat was brought into the shelter after getting an inflamed respiratory tract infection. he was left at the shelter because his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved. rademenes first fell sick as a two-month-old kitten and is now nursing other abandoned cats and dogs back to health.
the recorded cell phone conversation shows ex-trainer john hargrove using the n-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend. he was a trainer at seaworld for 14 years and spoke out against the company in the highly critical documentary blackfish. he says seaworld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message.
author martin fletcher claims the valley parade fire was not an accident and was caused by a cigarette.    he has spent 15 years researching the disaster and claims former chairman stafford heginbotham was linked to eight other fires. west yorkshire police say they will review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy. the fire at bradford city's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11, 1985. it was the worst stadium fire in the history of british football and prompted safety changes.
the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo. a buffalo fire department official has said the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air. police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes. a television news photographer was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred. the cover landed near a firefighter and a utility truck. there were no injuries.
video maker and artist used four plastic cups and a marker pen to create the video. he claims to have been influenced by japanese comics. the video maker rotates through the various hairstyles and outfits drawn on the cups. there are a total of 294 possible combinations that can be made from rotating the cups .
the jury that sentenced former new england patriots star aaron hernandez to life in prison for murdering odin lloyd sat down for a group interview on thursday. the seven women and five men who voted to convict her of murder sat down with cnn to talk about the decision. most of the jurors said they knew who hernanderez was before the trial, but maintained that his notoriety didn't have an impact on their decision.    the group deliberated for 35 hours over the course of a week, and decided on wednesday that the 25-year-old was guilty of murder.
brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was captured by a visitor to lake district wildlife park. the video has been compared to running across the landing naked when you forget your towel. video was shared over 130,000 times and viewed nine million times.
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats. but in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable. she then proceeds to spit it out on the floor.
former melbourne woman dullel kassab fled to raqqa in syria with her children last year. the children's paternal grandparents say they are worried she is 'brainwashing' the children. her four-year-old daughter and son sleep with toy guns next to their beds and watch videos of'muslims killing bad ppl'    she regularly posts pictures to twitter of airstrikes hitting blocks away from their apartment in the islamic state capital.
the bronze sculpture of yu the great's wife has been worn down and discolored by tourists. officials in wuhan, central china, say tourists have been fondling the statue for ten years. statue is to honour yu, who founded china's first dynasty in 2070 bc. tourists have kept touching yu's hand, fox's back, and wife's exposed breast.
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a very skillful trick. video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws. she then lifts it into the air being careful not to drop it.
thomas piermayr has been training with blackpool this week. the defender is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids. the 25-year-old is in talks to sign for the championship club.    the former austria u21 international had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle.
jessica ennis-hill won heptathlon gold at the london 2012 olympics. she has not competed since 2013 as she took time off to become a mother. the 29-year-old will return to competition at the sainsbury's anniversary games this july.
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season. the welsh midfielder dedicated his goal against burnley to his late gran who passed away. ramsey scored an extra-time winner in the fa cup final against hull city. the gunners face reading in the bbc fa cup semi-final at wembley today.
the dog named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion's when its owners sent it to the groomers. the dog is a sheep-herding breed and its owner said it was uncomfortable with its thick coat. the owner filmed himself laughing hysterically as he filmed the dog's new look.
manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis. the 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from the club's youth set-up. manuel pellegrini is looking to sign the starlet. arsenal and barcelona are also interested in the youngster.
manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for alvaro negredo. there had been suggestions that valencia were trying to finance a move for radamel falcao. negredo joined valencia on loan last summer. the striker refused to celebrate after scoring against levante on monday.
roland giroux plays with his blood parrot cichlid for at least 15 minutes each day. the fish is a hybrid of the midas and the redhead and was first bred in 1986. the man strokes the fish with his hand and plays with it in the fish tank.
adam galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to prague when he left his camera on the seat. ryanair steward fernando miguel andrade viseu begged teacher aaron not to report him to police. when he got home, aaron found his camera for sale on ebay with 35 minutes to go. he reported the drug-addicted steward to police and officers raided his home and found the camera.
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino believes another season in the europa league could hamper tottenham's top four hopes. spurs are out of next season's champions league and face newcastle on saturday. john carver has been in charge of newcastle since the end of last season.
rory mcilroy and tiger woods were paired together for the final round of the masters at augusta. the world no 1 finished in fourth place, six shots behind jordan spieth. jordan won his first ever major title with victory at the masters on sunday.
angelique kerber beat madison keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the final of the family circle cup in charleston on sunday. kerber won six of the last seven games to win the title. it was kerber's fourth wta title and first since linz in 2013. keys lost the final set 4-1 before winning the final six games in a row.
maria sharapova has pulled out of russia's fed cup semi-final against germany with a leg injury. venus williams has withdrawn from the usa's world group play-off against italy due to personal reasons. the world no 2 has not played since the miami open in march.
jon flanagan will speak to liverpool about a new contract in the summer. the defender's deal is set to expire at the end of the season. liverpool manager brendan rodgers is keen to keep the full back at the club. flangan has not played for liverpool this season due to a knee injury. the 22-year-old was a revelation at anfield last season but has become a forgotten man.
sania mirza became the first indian to reach the top of the wta doubles ranking. mirza teamed up with martina hingis to win the family circle cup title in charleston on sunday. the 28-year-old beat casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0, 6-4 in the final.   only three other asian women have achieved the top doubles ranking .
lewis hamilton beat nico rosberg to win the chinese grand prix. nico accused hamilton of being selfish by driving too slow and compromising his second place. former world champion mika hakkinen says hamilton was well within his rights to look after himself. hamilton is bidding to win a third world championship title this season.
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday. nico rosberg accused hamilton of being'selfish' as tension rose between the two team-mates. mercedes boss toto wolff is confident the matter has been dealt with.
mercedes boss toto wolff says nico rosberg and lewis hamilton will have to deal with 'unpopular calls'    the team may have to make decisions on the pit wall if they are risking a win against ferrari.   'we have a big responsibility to the team and the brand'
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday. mercedes team-mate nico rosberg criticised hamilton after the race. the british driver insists he is prepared for further criticism from his colleague. hamilton leads the drivers' championship by 13 points.
tom varndell scored a hat-trick as wasps beat london welsh 40-13 at the kassam stadium. ashley johnson, sailosi tagicakibau and alapati leiua also scored tries for wasps. wasps won away from home in the aviva premiership for the first time in 2015. the exiles trailed 12-5 at half-time, but fought back well.
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix on sunday. nico rosberg hit out at his team-mate after the race and accused him of being'selfish' in press conference. the two drivers barely spoke to each other the following day. but hamilton and nico have both had their say on the row.
aaron cook's application to switch allegiances to represent moldova has been approved. cook is ranked no 2 in the world in the sub-80kg taekwondo class. cook has been granted moldovan citizenship. cook plans to fight for british olympic association at rio 2016.
raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with liverpool team-mate jordon ibe. jack wilshere was photographed holding a pipe during a night out in london earlier this season. the arsenal midfielder is not the first premier league star to be caught smoking. sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved in similar incidents.
newcastle owner mike ashley owns a 9.8 per cent stake in rangers and loaned the club £5million. ashley's close associate derek llambias sat as director as ashley exerted his influence. rangers admitted the previous board breached 'dual ownership' rules by allowing ashley into ibrox.
home kit to feature three grey stripes and yellow trim. away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge. pink touches from this season's shirts will also be dropped. real madrid will play in a grey and yellow away kit for next year. the club world cup badge will be moved to the centre of the kit.
celtic came from a goal down to beat kilmarnock 4-1 at parkhead on wednesday night. leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick after coming off the bench in the second-half. kris commons and darryl westlake scored for the visitors. celtic are eight points clear at the top of the premiership after the win.
leicester are just three points from safety in the premier league after back-to-back wins. nigel pearson has urged his players to focus on their own job and not worry about relegation rivals. foxes host swansea at the king power stadium on saturday.
michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio. the 18-time olympic champion won't swim in the world championships this summer. phelps will be competing in mesa for the first time since serving a six-month suspension by usa swimming after a second drunken driving arrest.
michael phelps is entered in five events at this week's arena pro swim series in mesa, arizona. it will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk-driving conviction. phelps was suspended by usa swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges.
obama said he 'had to say hi' to bolt when he became the first american president to visit jamaica since 1982. president obama joined the world-class sprinter in striking his signature 'lightning pose'   obama praised bolt saying that 'nobody's ever been faster' than the six-time olympic champion. jamaican prime minister portia simpson-miller told obama that he is 'well-loved in the country'
juan mata scored both goals as manchester united beat liverpool 2-1 at anfield. mata has been excluded from the spain squad since the world cup. the midfielder has collected his player of the month award for his performances. louis van gaal's side return to premier league action against aston villa on saturday.
emmanuel adebayor takes to twitter to pledge his future to tottenham. the 31-year-old striker insists he is happy to stay and fight for his place at white hart lane. has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season and scored only twice. the striker joined spurs in 2011 from manchester city.
manchester united head to chelsea on saturday in top form, having won six successive matches. edwin van der sar is convinced louis van gaal will bring the glory days back to manchester united. the former goalkeeper admits the title is probably beyond united's grasp this season. united boss van gaal is looking to strengthen in the summer.
manchester united manager louis van gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the club's carrington training ground. the meticulous manchester united boss wants players to train under lights ahead of a night match to replicate match conditions. trafford council have granted planning application to install floodlights at the swish complex.
maria sharapova will play for the russia team against germany in the fed cup semi-finals next week. the world no 2 rarely plays fed cup but will be part of the team in sochi. playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's olympics. andrea petkovic is also part of russia's fed cup team.
andy murray will marry his long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane cathedral on saturday afternoon. the world no 3 posted a series of 'emojis' on twitter on the morning of his wedding day. the pair have been together for 10 years. the scot will jet off to barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season.
wolfsburg beat freiburg 1-0 to reach the german cup semi-finals. ricardo rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to secure the win for wolfsburg. they join borussia dortmund in the final four of the competition. the swiss defender scored from the penalty spot in the 72nd minute.
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas on may 2 and 3. the six-time olympic gold medallist will be part of jamaica's team. bolt insists he is 'fit, healthy and ready to run' at the event.
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club. the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane under mauricio pochettino. the 31-year-old has made just nine league starts this season for spurs. tottenham will pay a percentage of the striker's wages next season.
andre schurrle scored his first goal for wolfsburg since joining from chelsea in february. the 24-year-old thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience as he netted on saturday.    the ex-chelsea forward admitted not scoring for the german side was 'eating away' at him.
glenn hoddle described david luiz as a 'liability at the back' after psg's 3-1 defeat against barcelona. the ex-chelsea defender was nutmegged twice by luis suarez in champions league quarter-final first leg. hoddles said luz defended like an 'eight-year-old who hasn't been coached'    former arsenal striker thierry henry questioned the player's fitness after the game.
torpedo supporters showed the flag during the club's 3-1 win over arsenal tula on sunday. club must play next two home games behind closed doors. torpedo are already required to play their next two games behind doors for monkey chants. club's previous three racism-related punishments this season involved monkey chants against opposition players.
bayern munich were beaten 3-1 by porto in the champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday. the german champions travelled with only 15 outfield players to portugal. pep guardiola's squad flew back to bavaria on thursday after the defeat. arjen robben, franck ribery, bastian schweinsteiger and manuel neuer all missed out.
belgium striker christian benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches for aston villa. the striker has scored a goal every 87 minutes for tim sherwood's side under the new manager.   the striker admits he surprised himself by taking a free-kick to rescue a point against qpr last week.
pep guardiola remains manchester city's first choice to replace manuel pellegrini as manager. guardiola saw his bayern munich side lose 3-1 against porto in portugal on wednesday. he has a year remaining on his contract in germany but a quarter-final champions league exit could be a problem for manchester. the 44-year-old is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with manchester's executives.
black players of milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to racist abuse during sunday's universal cup win. milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue'   milan hopes it was a'sporadic incident' and not a'major incident'
john wild was found guilty of racially abusing former wales goalkeeper jason brown. kick it out welcomed the successful prosecution of john wild. john wild was banned for three years and ordered to pay compensation. but former dartford keeper criticised football association and pfa for not doing enough to help him.
two goals from ricardo quaresma and jackson martinez saw porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in champions league quarter-final. portugal's record opted for the pun 'fantasporto' as their headline for the next day. pep guardiola's team lost the first leg at the allianz arena.
ben flower led wigan's victory song after returning from a six-month suspension. the forward was sent off in the warriors' grand final defeat by st helens last october. dom manfredi scored a hat-trick of tries as wigan beat warrington 30-20 in super league derby.
chelsea midfielder oriol romeu is currently on loan at stuttgart. he predicts the scores for the weekend's premier league and fa cup matches. sportsmail's martin keown goes up against the on loan midfielder to predict the scores. chelsea host manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday.
sam tomkins has agreed to rejoin wigan after cutting short his stay in the nrl with new zealand warriors. the 26-year-old rejected an offer from warrington to return to his home-town club. tomkins left wigan at the end of the 2013 season after becoming homesick . he made 129 super league appearances, scoring 107 tries, during his four-year stint at wigan.
kevin pietersen's agents have helped him outplay the ecb without any help from outside experts. andy flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as ecb's technical director despite ashes humiliation. shivnarine chanderpaul wants to continue playing test cricket so that he can play with his son. tehsin nayani has written a book about his time as a manchester united spokesman.
manchester city's james milner could leave on a free transfer this summer. gerhard tremmel, glen johnson and ron vlaar are other players set to leave their premier league clubs. tom clever and tom j gutierrez could also leave aston villa and manchester united.
former queens park rangers chairman gianni paladini has registered as a director of a new bradford city holding company. he left loftus road in 2011 and has attempted to buy birmingham from carson yeung. phil parkinson's side have been one of the league one success stories of the season .
nigel pearson has turned to former manager howard wilkinson for advice. leicester host swansea on saturday looking for a third straight win in the premier league. the foxes have beaten west ham and west brom in their last two games. pearson played under wilkinson at sheffield wednesday.
winger dom manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days as wigan beat warrington 30-20. ben flower returned to action after serving six-month ban for punching lance hohaia in grand final defeat by st helens. sam tomkins also scored a try for the hosts at the dw stadium.
diafra sakho limped off after 59 minutes against stoke city on saturday. the west ham striker tore a thigh muscle and is out for the rest of the season. the 25-year-old is west ham's top scorer this season with 12 goals. sam allardyce's current deal at the club expires at the end of the year.
gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside real madrid's training ground after 0-0 draw with atletico madrid. it came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white bentley was attacked by fans. the £86million signing was blamed for his one-on-one miss in the champions league. spanish media gave bale five out of 10 for his performance and labelled him lazy.
alex oxlade-chamberlain could miss the remainder of the season with a groin injury. the england midfielder has been ruled out of the fa cup semi-final against reading. jack wilshere will be in arsenal's squad for the match at wembley.
jenna louise driscoll was due to appear at brisbane magistrates court on monday but didn't show up. the 25-year-old was charged with three counts of bestiality and seven drug charges. police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they found three videos of her allegedly having sex with a dog . the woman was remanded on bail to appear in court but failed to show up and police have issued a warrant for her arrest. she was charged last year with seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs, one of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestialsity with her dog.
leeds' sporting director nicola salerno has resigned from his role at the club. massimo cellino is banned from having executive influence at leeds due to a tax conviction in italy. leeds' assistant head coach steve thompson was suspended by the club last week.
aidan coleman rides well-backed the druids nephew at aintree on saturday. the 26-year-old jockey is stepping in for broken leg victim barry geraghty on the gelding. the jockey has not had the best of luck in the grand national steeplechase.
aaron cresswell opened the scoring for west ham but marko arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser. sam allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full premier league season. the west ham manager's contract expires at the end of the season.
tim sherwood's aston villa beat tottenham 1-0 at white hart lane on saturday. christian benteke scored the winning goal in the 35th minute. vlad chiriches bore the brunt of the home fans' frustration on the touchline. sherwood and assistant tony parks were lively on the bench for villa.
michu has spent a frustrating season on loan at napoli. garry monk will hold talks with michu before making decision on spaniard's future at liberty stadium. the manager recently said he did not know whether he would be returning to swansea. monk has heaped praise on bafetimbi gomis following his recent fine goalscoring form.
fernando torres scored his first ever league own goal during atletico madrid's 2-2 draw with malaga. the spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner over his own line before half-time. antoine griezmann scored twice to help diego simeone's side to a draw. torres has scored just four goals for atletico since his return to the club in january.
cristiano ronaldo has his yellow card rescinded for real madrid's clash with eibar.    if barca beat sevilla, then they're 'halfway to la liga'   goal-line technology will be brought in for the coppa italia final.
swansea face roberto martinez's everton at goodison park on saturday. garry monk wants swansea to continue their own impressive form in the premier league. everton have won their last three games and sit fifth in the table. monk believes a strong finish to the season will put a different twist on everton's season. the manager wants to beat his former team at liberty stadium.
cristiano ronaldo scored his first free-kick in 57 attempts to put real madrid into a 1-0 lead against eibar in the 21st minute. manchester united loanee javier hernandez doubled the lead in the 31st minute with a header. jese scored a late goal to make it 3-0 for madrid at the bernabeu.
iker casillas kept a clean sheet against rayo vallecano in real madrid's 2-0 win on wednesday night. the spain goalkeeper has been criticised for several errors this season. casillas has described the constant attention surrounding his status as no 1 as'morbid'    the 33-year-old has been booed by his own supporters at the bernabeu.
burnley striker danny ings has scored just once in six games for the clarets this season. sean dyche has told ings to play with a smile and enjoy his game. ings is yet to score in seven appearances for the clarets. ashley barnes says he's forgotten about the nemanja matic incident and moved on.
patient - known only as alex s - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in munich, germany. dentist - known as k - claimed to be a'recognised healer' and was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435)   he believed the series of operations would help him regain his vitality and cure his schizophrenia. but judge said he was not a 'normal dentist' and ordered k to pay the cost of the patient's implants.
jimmy anderson will play his 100th test for england on monday. anderson needs just four wickets to become the leading test wicket-taker in england's history. the 32-year-old says he wants to continue playing test cricket for as long as possible.    anderson says he has been motivated by the memories of being marginalised in the early stages of his career.
stuart broad admits he was sorry to see paul downton leave his role in the ecb. broad has backed alastair cook to score big runs during the series in the caribbean. broad insists he twisted his ankle during the warm-up match but insists he feels fine now. broad says it will be a great achievement for jimmy anderson to become england's leading wicket taker.
moeen ali will join up with england squad ahead of second west indies test after recovering quicker than expected from a rib injury. moeen struggled with the short ball against sri lanka and india last year. he says he worked on facing short deliveries during the world cup earlier this year.
andrew strauss says the kevin pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for english cricket. strauss is the new england director of cricket and believes pieterson's recall would only be a'short-term measure'    'the story has become more of a distraction than him actually playing' for england.  michael vaughan remains favourite to pip strauss for the role.
former gunners striker thierry henry said francis coquelin was his man of the match in arsenal's 1-0 win over burnley at turf moor. the 23-year-old midfielder played a key role in aaron ramsey's goal. arsenal manager arsene wenger also praised the display of francis.
west ham drew 1-1 with stoke at upton park in the premier league. sam allardyce's side conceded a late equaliser deep into stoppage time. aaron cresswell had put the irons in the lead before marko arnautovic equalised. west ham remain in the top 10 despite the late slip-up .    striker diafra sakho is expected to be out for an estimated two to three weeks with a thigh injury.
michael owen was a pundit on bt sport's fletch and sav show on saturday. the former england striker said he didn't believe charlie adam's 66-yard goal was goal of the season contender. robbie savage and steve mcmanaman were also in the studio to debate owen's opinion. adam responded to the comments on twitter, saying owen couldn't have scored the goal.
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini admits he could be sacked if he finishes outside the champions league places this season. the reigning champions have lost four of their last five games in the premier league. city face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday .
sarah sparkman, a lawyer from arkansas, tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized on screen. britt mchenry, 28, found the tweet and began berating her - despite not tagging her in the tweet. she used similar language to berate a women's rights campaigner on twitter a month earlier. the espn reporter has been suspended for a week after attacking a single mother-of-three gina michelle.
deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the i-26. dashcam footage shows a patrol car stopping in south carolina after she threatened to jump. she says she was 'just looking for my way out and being at peace' before being dragged away from the edge of the bridge and taken to hospital for evaluation.
the university of southern california women's tennis team won the pac-12 championship on thursday. the team defeated the university of california -los angeles 4-3. after the win, they smashed and broke the trophy. usc finishes the season 21-2, while ucla is 18-4.
officer jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by william bogard in january after the suspect stole his car while it was running . swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma. suspect has pleaded not guilty after being charged with attempted murder, assault and vehicle theft. officer swett testified that bogard was smiling behind the wheel while running him down.
crowd tried to storm the club tsunami in the chilean capital santiago to see british punk band doom. crush outside the club caused a structure inside the building to fall killing three people. seven people were critically injured in the crush and seven are in a critical condition.
stephen taylor, went missing in the solent after leaving lee-on-solent in hampshire at 11.30am yesterday. the 54-year-old kayaker was in touch with his partner michelle fuller, 49, throughout the day. but he failed to return home late in the evening. coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search off hill head. police confirmed at midday today that a body had been found.
jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge of the sec 'globe' centre in kiev, ukraine. his friend jamal maslow broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps. both 17-year-olds are in intensive care after the accident at the shopping centre.
the bbc covered arsenal v reading in the fa cup semi-final on saturday night. gary lineker was the best presenter of live football on tv. sky's premier league coverage was a little predictable. the bbc may miss out on the premier league's weekly thrills, but took the biscuit in fa cup.
newcastle boss john carver is set to strip fabricio coloccini of the club captaincy this summer. former argentina defender has been skipper since 2011. daryl janmaat will be given the honour at the end of the season. moussa sissoko was given the armband after being sent off at liverpool.
wayne rooney has revealed united's game plan for the manchester derby was to target manchester city's work-shy midfield. the champions beat city 4-2 at old trafford in the premier league on sunday. manuel pellegrini's side are considering offers for yaya toure and samir nasri this summer.
bbc radio 5 live commentator guy mowbray's notes for liverpool's match against newcastle at anfield posted to twitter. he correctly predicted the starting line-ups but incorrectly predicted cameron brannagan's start. nick barnes posts his notes for radio newcastle's games on twitter.
reigning world champion lewis hamilton sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne after winning the chinese grand prix in shanghai. leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate'   hamilton won his second race in three to start the 2015 season.
nathaniel clyne claims roy hodgson has told him he is england's first choice right-back. the southampton defender has been linked with a move to manchester united and chelsea. the saints defender has insisted he wants to play champions league football this summer. the 24-year-old has started southampton's last four games for england.
the creatures were discovered at blairgowrie pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration spot. spider crabs migrate once a year in the port phillip bay area in southern victoria. the full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities. sterling has been pictured holding a shisha pipe with jordon ibe. sterling was caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide and was warned by rodgers. but the midfielder has not been fined by liverpool.
tom ince is currently on loan at derby from hull city and scored two goals in front of his dad paul. derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind before derby twice came from behind to draw 4-4 at huddersfield. derby's mark hudson and reece james both scored in the second half. simon dawkins and jesse lingard also scored for derby. derby have three goals ruled out and are unbeaten in five matches in the play-off.
carlos tevez scored his 26th goal of the season as juventus beat lazio 2-0 in turin on saturday. juventus are 15 points clear of second place lazio with seven games to play. lazio's run of six consecutive league wins came to an end. sampdoria were held to a goalless draw by cesena to take a share of fourth place.
ashley young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at manchester united. the 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under louis van gaal. young is now being touted for a return to the england set-up.
pep guardiola craves stability and chooses his clubs based on such assurances. manuel pellegrini's position at manchester city is under threat. chelsea owner roman abramovich believed he had landed guardiola in the summer of 2012. but guardiola was spooked by the russian's habit of hiring and firing managers. guardiola opted to join bayern munich instead.
manuel pellergini reveals vincent kompany is not guaranteed to return this season after injuring himself in the manchester derby. the captain was substituted in manchester united's 4-2 defeat at the etihad. manuel pellegrini claims he is not concerned by mounting pressure over his position at the club.
nico rosberg believes lewis hamilton has the mental edge over him after his outburst at the chinese grand prix. the mercedes team-mate complained about hamilton's slow driving after the race. damon hill believes that rosburg shot himself in the foot after the outburst. but nico says he would not do anything differently under the circumstances.
gary neville believes louis van gaal's greatest achievement as a manager is the making of jose mourinho. chelsea host manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday. the pair will come face-to-face again after working together at barcelona in 1997. john obi mikel or kurt zouma could start in midfield for the red devils. phil jones, michael carrick, daley blind and marcos rojo will miss the game.
manuel pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in manchester city midfielder yaya toure. the chilean has vowed to support the ivorian until at least the end of the season. sam allardyce has warned aaron cresswell not to make the same mistake as others. city boss pellegrina will listen to offers for toure in the summer.
roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened atalanta in serie a on sunday. francesco totti put roma ahead from the penalty spot after just three minutes. roma moved level on points with lazio after lazio's defeat to juventus. lazio are 15 points behind league leaders juventus in second spot.
the fire crew in boise, idaho, thought they were chasing human voices when they found the two parrots. both are expected to survive. the birds were found in a burning home and treated with oxygen masks. no people were found inside the home. the cause of the fire is being investigated.
napoli beat cagliari 3-0 at the sant'elia stadium on sunday afternoon. jose callejon opened the scoring for rafa benitez's side. napoli are in fourth place in serie a, three points clear of sampdoria. the partenopei are still in the hunt for champions league qualification.
karim benzema limped out of real madrid's training with a knee problem. the striker will miss the la liga match against malaga on saturday. benzema picked up the injury in real's 0-0 champions league draw at atletico madrid. real manager carlo ancelotti is expected to replace the striker with attacking midfielder isco.
youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens.   it’s caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte is released too soon. in the video, ‘elman511’ cracks the egg, which is double the size of a normal one, to reveal another fully formed egg inside. the unusual occurrence is down to a counter-peristalsis contraction . this is when a second oocyte (yolk) is released by the hen's ovary before the first egg has been laid.
surveillance footage from philadelphia's 15th street station platform shows a man slip and fall on the tracks at 6.40pm on wednesday. a man in an eagles jacket jumped onto the tracks and pulled the man to safety. both men are expected to survive.
the month-old cubs were captured on video sitting before press and public at leningrad zoo in saint petersburg. one black and one spotty are the fifth brood of mother and father agnes and rock. the two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg and their teeth have already started to grow.
airbus a330 took off from sydney airport bound for perth but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm. the safety light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors. passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon.
eric carter, 21, and stephanie mccassin, 24, of manchester, have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath . the child's grandmother and primary caretaker, mary macdonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out on dec. 4. when she went to check on them, she found the parents and the child on the bathroom floor and the boy in the bathtub. both parents were taken to a hospital, where they were treated for an apparent heroin overdose.
footage captured by rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose. at one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash. the baby lets out a little cough but overall he doesn't seem too bothered.
gareth bale went down after less than five minutes of real madrid's league game against malaga. the welsh forward faces a race to be fit for real's champions league quarter-final against atletico madrid on wednesday. bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes at the bernabeu.
home affairs committee chairman keith vaz was 'astonished' to learn just 2,191 compensation applications were approved. hm passport office made a profit of £42.3 million between april and october last year. just £92.68 was paid out to holidaymakers who had to pay extra to get documents.
manchester united are said to be keeping a close eye on atletico madrid defender miranda. louis van gaal is interested in signing the brazilian centre back this summer. miranda has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to manchester united. however the 30-year-old insists he is keen on staying at atletico.
the goat named clyde balances on his donkey friend in a bid to reach some treetop treats. footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back. the unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in camp verde, arizona.
jordan henderson and jack wilshere are surprise targets of manchester city for this summer. the premier league champions need more english players in their starting line-up. manchester also maintain an interest in liverpool's unsettled forward raheem sterling. frank lampard and james milner are set to leave the etihad stadium.
barcelona forward pedro could join liverpool this summer if raheem sterling leaves anfield. pedro would command wages of £90,000-a-week at liverpool. the 20-year-old winger has rejected a new deal at the club. sterling has attracted interest from manchester city, chelsea, manchester, real madrid and bayern munich.
bmw is recalling 91,800 2005 to 2008 models of the mini cooper and cooper s. only one person has been injured as a result of the passenger seat defect. the air bag may not deploy in a crash because of a problem with the passenger detection system. bmw estimates ten per cent of the cars being recalled have the problem.
chelsea are favourites to sign 19-year-old brazilian starlet kenedy. fluminense have agreed to sell his economic rights to giuliano bertolucci's agency. the forward has been linked with manchester united and barcelona. kenedy has represented brazil at under 17 and under 20 level.
kimberly dianne richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital in raleigh, north carolina, but died in the early hours of sunday. her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at a local hospital. daniel steele,. 25, has been arrested and charged with murder.
manchester united target mats hummels is considering his future at borussia dortmund. the world cup winning defender has been linked with a move to old trafford. franz beckenbauer believes hummelsen is at the right age to leave dortmund . hummela has admitted he is considering a move away from the club next season.
manchester united striker robin van persie has been out injured for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury. the dutchman is a target for serie a sides juventus and inter milan this summer. radamel falcao is expected to leave united at the end of his loan spell. united could also make a move for psg striker edinson cavani.
yaya toure will be offered a new deal by manchester city in the summer. the 32-year-old midfielder is a top target for serie a giants inter milan. roberto mancini is prepared to offer toure a five-year contract to move to san siro. toure currently earns £220,000-per-week at manchester.
mat mats hummels has admitted he is considering his future at borussia dortmund. the german centre-back has been linked with a move to manchester united. the 26-year-old has two years left to run on his contract at the club. dortmund lost 1-0 to bayern munich at the weekend.
arsenal are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a £4.5million deal for maxi romero. the 16-year-old has been dubbed the next lionel messi. romero would stay at velez on loan for at least two more seasons.
shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool in sunday's fa cup semi-final at wembley. ruud gullit snubbed him for the 1999 fa cup final between newcastle and manchester united. given was dropped in favour of steve harper. manager tim sherwood has confirmed the irishman will start in goal for the clash.
steven gerrard is set to start for liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. liverpool face aston villa at the millennium stadium. the 34-year-old served a three-match ban for seeing red against man united. brendan rodgers' side face the minnows in the semi-finals of the competition.
sean dyche claims another manager told him to'move with the times' and that his team was too naive. burnley are second from bottom of the premier league with six games to play. dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation in the league.
australian surfer josh kerr was surfing the notorious 'box' at margaret river pro when he plunged head first into the reef. owen wright and john john florence also suffered spectacular wipe-outs at the world championship tour event. it was revealed that a baby shark cruised through the surf break during the competition. the top 36 ranked surfers in the world are competing in the event.
angel di maria was sent off against arsenal in the fa cup back in march. paul scholes believes it was the turning point of manchester united's season. united's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for. scholes says louis van gaal's side are still some way off challenging for the title.
arsenal defender calum chambers signed from southampton for £16million last summer. the 20-year-old has made 36 appearances for the north london club in his debut season. chambers has played at centre back and right back for the gunners this season. but chambers is adamant he will end up as a central defender for club and country.
tim sherwood's aston villa face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. tim sherwood wants to cause a shock for liverpool and reach the final. steven gerrard's birthday falls on the day of the match. sherwood has been a fan of liverpool starlet raheem sterling since he was 14.
jose mourinho claims it is easier to manage manchester united than chelsea under uefa's financial fair play rules. louis van gaal has been forced to sell players to balance the books at the club. manchesterunited travel to stamford bridge for premier league clash on saturday night.  mourinho joked match delegates are too busy eating to watch the game.
'kid kulafu' charts manny pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to boxing career. film director paul soriano spent two years researching the film. the film charts the philippine boxer's childhood ahead of his fight against floyd mayweather jnr on may 2 in las vegas.   the film is named after a brand of wine pacqu qiao collected as a child.
rafa nadal beat lucas pouille 6-2, 6-1 in straight sets at monte carlo masters. nadal is an eight-time champion at the tournament but hasn't won since 2012. the world no 5 will face john isner or viktor troicki in the third round.
milos raonic and nick kyrgios will make their debuts at queen's club this summer. croatia's raonic lost to roger federer in last year's wimbledon semi-final. the 19-year-old beat rafael nadal in the fourth round at sw19.
jordan spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title at the masters. spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta and won with an 18-under total. the 21-year-old became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods. justin rose and phil mickelson finished second and third in the 79th masters.
felipe massa believes he has silenced his critics after storming start to the formula one season. brazilian driver currently sits 4th in the standings. massa says he is performing as good as he was in 2008, a season he challenged for the title. the williams driver has twice been written off in the past.
world number one novak djokovic beat albert ramos-vinolas 6-1 6-4 to progress to the third round of monte carlo masters. david ferrer is also through after his opponent victor estrella burgos retired with a shoulder injury. jo-wilfried tsonga beat jan-lennard struff 6-4 6-3 in his opening match.
prize money at the french open has been increased by three million euros to £20.2million. singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros at roland garros. the tournament remains the grand slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion. rafael nadal and maria sharapova received 150,000 euros each last year.
leighton aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back grand nationals. many clouds won the crabbie's grand national at aintree for trainer oliver sherwood. aspell is the first hennessy gold cup winner to win the race. shutthefrontdoor finished fifth in the final race of the day for jockey tony mccoy.
formula 1 racer lewis hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl liu siying after winning chinese grand prix. the 23-year-old was a 'podium girl' at the race and was pictured grimacing. sexism campaigners called hamilton's behaviour'selfish and inconsiderate' but she said she wasn't offended. miss siying said she was told by her employer to stand on the podium and did not think too much about it. it's not the first time hamilton has sprayed a grid girl after winning a race - he's also done it at the spanish and austrian.
arsenal captain mikel arteta is out of contract in the summer. the 33-year-old is recovering from a minor ankle problem. arteta will miss saturday's fa cup semi-final against reading as he recovers from a calf injury. the spaniard is confident it will take just 'five minutes' to sign a contract extension.
the grand national takes place at aintree on sunday afternoon. shutthefrontdoor is the favourite to win the race. ap mccoy is bidding to end his racing career on a high. the race is the highlight of the racing year. sportsmail's marcus townend and sam turner predict the winner.
lewis hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the chinese grand prix was 'a fun thing'    the brit driver was criticised by an anti-sexism group after the incident. hostess liu siying says 'i did not think too much about it at all' after hamilton's win in shanghai.
ap mccoy seeks to end record-breaking career with victory in the grand national on saturday. champion jockey has vowed to end his career immediately if shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million race . he has won the title every year since he first won the race in 1997.
alex hales has played in only five of england's subsequent 18 matches since his debut against india last august. the top-order batsman has nine caps to date, since making his debut. hales claims he is still waiting for a 'proper crack' at one-day international cricket. the 26-year-old has made nine caps for england.
billy vunipola has been cited for striking leicester's mathew tait with his head. incident occurred during saracens' 22-6 win over leicester at allianz park on saturday. the back row has been called before a rugby football union disciplinary panel. vereniki goneva has also been cited for striking saracen's kelly brown.
australia hooker nathan charles has spoken out about his battle with cystic fibrosis. the 26-year-old has four caps for the wallabies and hopes to make the world cup squad. charles took part in a video for nutri grain's #unstoppable campaign. he spoke about his daily struggles with the life-threatening illness. usually, sufferers of the disease are not expected to live past the age of 17.
matt scott is a doubt for september's world cup after undergoing surgery on his shoulder. edinburgh centre has been ruled out until at least the end of the season. scott hasn't played since picking up the injury on six nations duty. ed edinburgh face newport gwent dragons in the european challenge cup semi-final on friday.
renault managing director cyril abiteboul has promised red bull team principal christian horner that the engine problems will be resolved. red bull owner dietrich mateschitz threatened to pull out of formula one. daniil kvyat's red bull and max verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure in china.
gary ballance scored 122 as england took control of the first test against the west indies in antigua. it was his fourth century in nine tests for england. ballance was the mainstay of england's 333 for seven declared at the end of the fourth day. west indians finished the day on 98 for two after being bowled out for 98.
gary ballance, ian bell and joe root's form looks to have closed the door on a test return for kevin pietersen. former captain andrew flintoff believes piertersen is now ‘running out of time’ to resurrect his test career. ballance scored a superb hundred against west indies on thursday.
mustafa kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in bangladesh's world cup defeat to india last month. the international cricket council president resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions. icc confirmed no replacement will be appointed for the remainder of his term.
new orleans pelicans beat the san antonio spurs 108-103 to reach the nba play-offs. anthony davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the pelicans earned their first play-off berth since 2011. oklahoma city's russell westbrook scored 37 points in their 138-113 win over minnesota timberwolves. brooklyn nets beat the orlando magic 101-88 to clinch the final eastern conference playoff spot. marc gasol's 33 points helped condemn the indiana pacers to a 95-83 defeat at the memphis grizzlies. klay thompson scored 25 points as the golden state warriors beat the denver n
arsene wenger's side beat reading 2-1 in extra time to reach the fa cup final. alexis sanchez scored both goals for the defending champions. reading goalkeeper adam federici was in tears after fumbling sanchez's shot through his legs. aaron ramsey was relieved after arsenal fought their way through to the final.
joe root scored 142 runs for england on day four of the first test against west indies at the sir vivian richards stadium. gary ballance was struck by a shot from jos buttler . eoin morgan and ravi bopara were in action for sunrisers hyderabad on thursday. umpire steve davis dropped a clanger with his lbw call on buttler.
ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson's england squad last month. the southampton left-back believes he deserves to be higher up the pecking order. the 25-year-old moved to st mary's from chelsea on loan in january.
ronald koeman believes southampton must win their last six games to finish in the top four. saints are five points behind man city in the premier league table. saints beat hull 2-0 at st mary's on saturday to remain in the hunt for a place.
moha el ouriachi is set to sign for stoke city, according to the player's agent. stoke have already signed bojan krkic and marc muniesa from barcelona in the last two years. the 19-year-old moroccan winger is turning down a new deal with barcelona.
alan pardew says yannick bolasie bidding will have to start at £20million for crystal palace to leave selhurst park. pardew is demanding more than £20m for the winger to be sold this summer. palace manager says the club's leading assets do not want to leave the club. bolasiesie scored a hat-trick in crystal palace's demolition of sunderland last week.
southampton midfielder filip djuricic ruled out of premier league clash with hull city with ankle injury. steven davis returns to team after recovering from ankle problem. allan mcgregor is out of form for hull and could be rested by steve bruce. tom huddlestone returns from suspension but david meyler is out for saints.
harry kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham this season. eden hazard has been nominated for pfa player of the year. but mauricio pochettino says kane deserves to win for his impact on english football. hazard is the favourite to win the award.
leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick in celtic's 4-1 win over kilmarnock on wednesday night. ronny deila's side face inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday. the 24-year-old striker has scored 15 goals for the club this season.
defender winston reid signed a six-and-a-half-year deal with west ham last month. reid believes the club are going to be a big club in the future. the irons are set to move to the olympic stadium in 2016/17.
manchester city have slipped down to fourth place in the premier league table. sam allardyce's west ham face manchester city at the etihad stadium on sunday. manuel pellegrini's side are in a terrible run of form. but manchester lost 4-2 to manchester united at the weekend. west ham are 10th in the league, but manager samallardyce is expecting a strong performance.
stuart mccall believes livingston could drop points against hibernian on wednesday. rangers drew 1-1 with the scottish championship strugglers at home last week. hibs are four points ahead of hibernian in second place in the table.   mccalls will be cheering on livingston during their match at hibernian    the gers boss believes his side's main promotion rivals could lose points against livingston.
lucas leiva has played more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. lucas has been the longest-serving player at liverpool behind captain steven gerrard. the brazilian has been at anfield for eight years.
shadow health secretary andy burnham says labour will make premier league invest five per cent of proceeds from tv rights deals in grassroots sport. move could unlock £400 million for the next parliament. premier league puts £168million into grassroots sport but it is only a fraction of tv revenues. mr burnham accused prime minister david cameron of failing to get tough on the premier league.
jonny howson opened the scoring for norwich in the 57th minute on his return to elland road. graham dorrans missed a late penalty but made up for it with a goal in injury-time. norwich remain in the automatic promotion places after winning the championship clash at carrow road.
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday. keeper simon mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the cup and a top four finish. brendan rodgers' side are currently in fourth place in the league table. the reds face the minnows in the semi-finals of the competition.
jose mourinho has spoken out in defence of manuel pellegrini. manchester city have lost six of their last eight games in the premier league. the chelsea manager claims manuel has been treated like a 'criminal'    mour mourinho's side face manchester united at cobham on saturday afternoon.
chelsea boss jose mourinho insists jurgen k klopp is not coming to take his job at stamford bridge. klopp has announced that he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season. the german coach has been linked with several premier league jobs. manchester city boss manuel pellegrini has already said he is not interested. sam allardyce admits the arrival of foreign coaches in the premier league limits homegrown coaches.
ronny deila hailed leigh griffiths after his hat-trick against kilmarnock on wednesday. celtic came from behind to win 8-1 at parkhead to move eight points clear at the top of the league. deila said the striker was trying to prove a point after coming off the bench to score a treble. the parkhead manager said griffith could be a 'kicker in the us'
porto beat bayern munich 3-0 in champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday. ricardo quaresma and jackson martinez scored for porto. julen lopetegui says his side can now dream of reaching the semi-finals. pep guardiola says his team suffered with the injuries in the squad.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 in the derby at old trafford on sunday. louis van gaal's side are currently third in the premier league. the dutchman's methods have transformed united's fortunes this season.    ander herrera, marouane fellaini, juan mata and ashley young have all impressed for united. the manager has changed the style of play for the red devils.
emmanuel adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange dance in front of the arc de triomphe in paris. the togo international has one year left to run on his current contract at tottenham and could leave this summer. the striker recently insisted he was committed to fighting for his place at the club.
the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the 2016 olympics rowing and canoe competitions. the lake is littered with thousands of dead fish due to the raw sewage and rubbish. officials say the recent problems are the result of rain, which caused the lake's temperature to plummet.
lazio have won eight games in a row in serie a and are nine points behind league leaders juventus. massimiliano allegri's juventus face lazio at home on saturday. lazio head coach stefano pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory'   the biancoceleste have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six league games.
chris smalling says manchester united have arsenal and chelsea in their sights. united beat champions manchester city 4-2 in the premier league derby on saturday. united are third in the table, eight points behind leaders chelsea. smalling scored the fourth goal of the game in the derby victory.
liverpool face newcastle at anfield in the premier league on monday night. brendan rodgers' side are seven points behind fourth-placed manchester city in the table. reds lost 4-1 to arsenal at the emirates stadium but have a game in hand. rodgers will be hoping his side can finish inside the top four and win the fa cup.
mamadou sakho limped off with a hamstring injury in liverpool's fa cup quarter-final win against blackburn rovers. the french centre-back faces three to four weeks out of action with the injury. sak ho was replaced by kolo toure and is set to miss newcastle united's clash at anfield on monday.
last of the riders went through the barrier eight seconds before the train arrived at the waller crossing. sncf company made a complaint to french prosecutors saying the action risked a deadly tragedy. one rider was even clipped by the barrier as it came down. german john degenkolb won the race and was one of those who breached the barrier.
jordon ibe is set to sign a new long-term deal at liverpool after breaking into the first team this season. ibe damaged his knee ligaments against besiktas and has been out since. daniel sturridge is yet to rediscover his best form since returning from injury.
kimi raikkonen finished fourth at the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday. the finn sees no reason why ferrari cannot challenge for the title this season. sebastian vettel finished on the podium for the third time this season at the race.
mario balotelli revealed his delight on twitter after manchester city scored early on in the manchester derby. sergio aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes against manchester united at old trafford.    but city were blitzed by united in a 4-2 loss, and it was good news for his current club liverpool. the controversial italian striker tweeted:'stand up and shut up'
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2. the filipino boxer has unveiled his mouth guard ahead of the bout. the mouth guard is a bright and multicoloured mouthpiece. the fight is reportedly worth £300million and is worth £205million.
manchester united are favourites to sign burnley striker danny ings this summer. louis van gaal has held talks with burnley about a summer deal. ings has scored nine goals for burnley in his first season in the premier league. real sociedad, tottenham and manchester city are also interested in the player.
carlton cole and nathaniel clyne attended a fundraising event to help tackle ebola. the west ham striker and southampton right back were at the event in knightsbridge. tv presenter layla anne-lee was also in attendance at the 'football fighting ebola' event.
manny pacquiao ran along the trail at griffith park ahead of his fight against floyd mayweather. the 36-year-old was joined by his pet dog pacman as he worked out in the streets of los angeles. the filipino boxer is preparing for his fight with mayweather on may 2 in las vegas.
manchester united manager louis van gaal was pictured with manchester city women's players toni duggan and isobel christiansen at wing's chinese restaurant on sunday night. duggan was joined by michelle hinnigan and    united beat great rivals city 4-2 in the premier league derby at old trafford.   duggan has since removed the photo from instagram and issued an apology to fans.
new york city fc striker david villa was invited to ring the opening bell for the new york stock exchange. the 33-year-old joined the newly formed mls outfit this season. villa has so far scored one goal in two appearances for the club.
stuart pearce believes manchester city manager manuel pellegrini should be given more time to turn around the club's fortunes. city have struggled in the premier league this season. yaya toure has had a largely ineffective season for the champions. pearce blames the fading influence of ivorian player .
ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension. the wales forward punched st helens' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season's grand final. the 27-year-old came on as a substitute as wigan warriors beat warrington 30-20.
rafa benitez famously guided liverpool to the champions league in 2005 as he enjoyed cup successes. but he has never won the premier league title with any of his clubs. anfield will be eternally grateful for the cup success he delivered at liverpool in 2005. the spaniard remains popular at anfield, but there were few regrets over his departure. benitex has won zero league titles since leaving napoli.
newcastle lost 2-0 at liverpool on monday night. ayoze perez was brought down by dejan lovren in the liverpool box on 38 minutes. lee mason failed to award newcastle a penalty. sky sports pundit gary neville said it was an 'absolute stonewall penalty'   moussa sissoko was sent off for a second bookable offence .
falkirk beat hibernian 1-0 in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park. craig sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute. hibernian boss alan stubbs' side hit the woodwork twice in the first half. falkirk manager peter houston goaded his rival after the game.
ben gibson, 22, is dreaming of a return to the premier league for his boyhood club middlesbrough. his uncle steve gibson is the club's chairman and has invested heavily in the club. boro face norwich city in the champions league on friday night. gibson says it is the biggest game in the history of the club .
middlesbrough boss aitor karanka is targeting wins from all of his side's remaining games this season. two points separate four teams in the championship with four games remaining. bournemouth boss eddie howe insists his side are not getting carried away at the top of the table.
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at crystal palace in the premier league on saturday. former palace boss tony pulis returned to selhurst park on his first return to the club. james morrison and craig gardner scored the goals for the baggies. west brom now sit eight points clear of the bottom three after the win.
odion ighalo opened the scoring for watford after just four minutes against 10-man nottingham forest. defender matthew connolly doubled the visitors' lead in the 41st minute. gary gardner scored for forest to half the deficit with 20 minutes to play. kelvin wilson was sent off for the visitors after 72 minutes for a second bookable offence. almen abdi scored watford's third goal in the 87th minute to seal the points for the hosts.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-1 at old trafford in the premier league on sunday. louis van gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours in the table. ashley young scored a brace and set up two of manchester united's goals.    juan mata scored his second goal of the game and looked to be settled as a united player.
ryan dearnley was a mascot for reading in the fa cup semi-final against arsenal on saturday. the 10-year-old said he hoped arsenal beat huddersfield town in a video. ryan was offered the chance to walk out at wembley for the royals. but footage of him backing the gunners sparked outrage from reading fans. the fa have removed him from his role as a mascot and offered him to be one for england.
middlesbrough manager aitor karanka's side beat promotion rivals norwich 1-0 at carrow road. alexander tettey scored an early own goal to put the home side in the lead after eight minutes. the win moves middiesbrough top of the championship by two points from promotion rivals.
sven goran eriksson managed manchester city in the 2007-08 season. the former england manager believes the club should be winning the premier league. city are currently out of the champions league and face west ham on sunday. city's current squad cost a total of £368million.
manchester city stars yaya toure, sergio aguero, martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala were among four players to wear gloves at old trafford. fourth official jonathan moss was also among those to wrap up warm for the manchester derby. gary neville described toure as a 'weed' in manchester city's garden after the game.
yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city, but the club are set to make him available this summer. premier league champions will listen to offers for the ivorian. city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for alvaro negredo. ivorian is said to be content with life at the etihad and is in no rush to leave.
jurgen k klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday after seven years. former manchester city midfielder dietmar hamann believes klopp would be the ideal manager for the club. manuel pellegrini could be on his way out at manchester after a poor season. k klopp won the bundesliga title twice during his time at dortmund.
paul scholes does not believe a british manager is capable of leading a team into the quarter finals of the champions league. the former manchester united midfielder believes ryan giggs could end up in the premier league. scholes believes outgoing borussia dortmund manager jurgen k klopp could endup in the league. pep guardiola could be heading to manchester city when his contract expires.
watford go top of the championship after a 1-0 win over birmingham. craig cathcart scored the only goal of the game in the 56th minute at vicarage road. ikechi anya came on as a substitute for the hornets.
david luiz was brought back from injury to replace thiago silva in the first half of barcelona's 3-1 win over paris saint-germain. the brazilian was not fully fit after a hamstring injury. ex-liverpool ace luis suarez scored a double in the win at parc des princes. internet jokers had a field day at the expense of the less-than-fit defender.
manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league table. manuel pellegrini should be 'able to correct the things that have gone wrong' at man city, says gary neville. the former manchester united defender has been critical of the chilean manager. but sky sports pundit says only minor changes need to be made this summer.
huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period. paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack to climb up super league. the giants face catalans dragons on sunday with the best defensive record in the league.
roberto martinez insists antolin alcaraz and sylvain distin still have time to prove they deserve a new deal. both centre-backs' current deals expire at the end of the season. distin has played more for everton's youth team than the first team in the past month.   martinez says his club's recruitment team have been searching for targets for six months.
roberto martinez admits he would not be able to ease romelu lukaku through the remainder of the season. everton striker is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend at home to burnley. martinez believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince the striker to take it easy. the 21-year-old has scored 18 goals for the toffees this season.
the centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red devils 22-18 at leigh sports village. super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup. championship leaders leigh stretch their winning run to 21 matches in the competition.
united arab emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 rugby league world cup. the country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile. sol mokdad, the president of uaerl, believes dubai has the facilities to host. the world cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries.
louis van gaal thanked manchester united supporters for their patience after sunday's derby win. united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford to move four points clear in third place in the premier league. the dutch manager said that it is a great time to be a united supporter right now. united boss criticised himself for leaving his side with 10 men after michael carrick's injury.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford in the manchester derby on sunday. louis van gaal's men are now four points clear at the top of the premier league. manuel pellegrini's side have gone from joint top to 12 points off the leaders. united are now on course for champions league after a superb run of form.
alex hales and chris woakes believe england's players aren't competing in enough twenty20 competitions. alex hales wants to see more domestic competitions in england. england were embarrassed at the 50-over world cup earlier this year. hales believes england should adopt the model of australia and india's franchise systems.
yaya toure's defensive lapses are costing manchester city, claims sky sports pundit gary neville. neville predicts changes at manchester and says the club need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden' after 4-2 derby loss to united. graeme souness and niall quinn also criticised the ivorian.
andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his england career. the former england star says pieterson has not played for england since he was sacked 14 months ago. he scored 170 for surrey in the parks in his first red ball match for 14 months. flintoffs says alastair cook is so important to england despite poor showing against west indies.
andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast. the test captain alastair cook is under-pressure with the west indies series ongoing. cook has failed to score a test century since the first test in antigua. flint off has thrown his weight behind his former teammate cook.
michael vaughan has been heavily linked with the role of director of england cricket. the former england skipper praised alastair cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed. cook was dismissed for 13 in the second innings of the second test against the u.s.   cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the one-day captaincy.
bayern munich travel to porto for champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday. bastian schweinsteiger and franck ribery will be absent with ankle and virus injuries. medhi benatia, arjen robben, javi martinez and jerome boateng are also out.
england face west indies in the first test of a three-test series in the caribbean on monday. alastair cook and coach peter moores know they can't afford any slip-ups in the series. james anderson will make his 100th test appearance for england. kevin pietersen scored 170 on his return to the domestic game for surrey.
james anderson plays his 100th test cap on monday against the west indies. sir vivian richards believes anderson is a worthy heir to sir ian botham. four wickets in the game would take anderson past botham's national record of 383 test wickets. anderson needs just three wickets to go level with botham as england's top test bowler.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford in the manchester derby on sunday. manuel pellegrini's side have lost six of their last eight games in the premier league. louis van gaal's side are now four points clear at the top of the table.
manchester city plan to table a mega-bid for raheem sterling on the day the transfer window reopens. the reigning barclays premier league champions want to sign the liverpool forward. manchester city believe they are leading the race to sign sterling this summer. liverpool value sterling at around £50million.
daley blind has hailed a team talk from skipper wayne rooney for manchester united's 4-2 derby win over city on sunday. united ended a run of four successive defeats against their local rivals. blind has urged united to focus on their next premier league match against chelsea. the holland international also warned that manchesterunited must focus on the end of this season.
bayern munich host eintracht frankfurt in the bundesliga on saturday. pep guardiola's side have only 14 healthy players ahead of the game. defender medhi benatia is out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury. arjen robben and franck ribery are also absent with injuries. guardiola says his team's injury situation is 'critical'
manchester united beat manchester city 4-0 at old trafford in the manchester derby on sunday. louis van gaal left angel di maria and radamel falcao on the bench. ashley young, marouane fellaini and juan mata have been in fine form for manchester united this season. but manuel pellegrini has overseen a period of decline for city.
jimmy anderson needs just three wickets to equal sir ian botham's england-record haul of 383. anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies on monday. the fast bowler was known as the 'pro killer' at burnley and lancashire.    anderson was a shy introvert but 'bowled like the speed of light' as a teenager.
kevin pietersen scored 170 not out in his first appearance for surrey since june 2013. it was the 34-year-old's first red-ball cricket for 15 months. pieterson was axed by england and has played only twenty20 cricket since. he scored 170 off 149 deliveries against oxford's students at the parks.    the new ecb chairman colin graves has told him everyone has a 'clean slate'
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley stadium. brendan rodgers' side were beaten for the first time since 1990. rodgers admitted liverpool's big-game mentality must improve after the defeat. steven gerrard's side lost their first fa cup semifinal in 20 years. manchester city beat west ham 2-0 in the league to keep liverpool in the top four.
obbi oulare scored as club brugge beat anderlecht at the top of the europa league on sunday. the 19-year-old striker is being watched by a number of europe's top clubs. manchester united, everton, sunderland, burnley, dortmund and leverkusen scouts were in attendance.
adam federici spilled alexis sanchez's shot into his own net in extra time of the fa cup semi-final. the reading goalkeeper was inconsolable after the game and left the field in tears. steve clarke and his players will rally round federici after the blunder.
jimmy floyd hasselbaink guided burton albion to promotion to league one for the first time in their history. the brewers beat morecambe 2-1 in the final game of the season. but the rookie manager wants to finish on top of the league.
pennsylvania police officer lisa mearkle, 36, is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of david kassick, 59, on february 2. she shot him in the back as he lay face down on the ground and was unarmed. video of the shooting was recorded by her stun gun and has not been made public. mearkle's lawyers are trying to keep the video out of the courtroom and bar the attorney from releasing it. she claimed self-defense because she thought he was reaching for a gun when she shot at him.
ashley shupe claims her son kaiden, eight, has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height and stop eating. she says he was bullied at oakmont elementary school in dickson county, tennessee, for more than a year. he was diagnosed with clinical depression a month after alleged attacks. shupe is demanding $300,000 from school district for negligence in protecting her son.
music streaming service spotify analysed 2.8 million users''sleep' playlists. thinking out loud by ed sheeran, 24, is top song that people fall asleep to. british singer-songwriter features another six times on the list. sam smith, 22, also features four times in total on the global list.
crystal mcnaughton from long beach, california, filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee. as the track o holy night plays, a look of sadness spreads across the tiny infant's face.
steven gerrard looked glum at boujis nightclub in kensington after defeat by aston villa in fa cup. liverpool captain will end his final year at anfield without a trophy. he has just six games left to play in his 17-year career at liverpool. he is set to play his final game in the premier league against crystal palace on may 24.    he will be reminded of his slip to let in demba ba in the title final last season.
doncaster rovers drew 0-0 with fleetwood town at the keepmoat stadium on saturday. doncaster's media team faced the challenge of sticking up the match highlights on the club's youtube channel. the game was a goalless draw at the league one encounter.
lionel messi has scored 32 hat-tricks for barcelona and can't remember each one. the barcelona star keeps a match ball from each of his hat-trick goals at home. messi will lead the line when barcelona take on psg in the champions league on wednesday.
manchester city and manchester united players dined out at san carlo restaurant on sunday night. angel di maria, pablo zabaleta and marcos rojo were joined by their partners. united goalkeeper victor valdes was also in attendance at the popular italian restaurant. united players had just returned from a 1-0 defeat by premier league leaders chelsea on saturday.
the queen had her fingers crossed but luck was not on her side at newbury. capel path finished third to richard hannon's desert force in the dubai duty free handicap. the queen's horse ring of truth was making her debut in the five furlong al basti equiworld maiden stakes .
oldham council moved broadway allotment association to new allotments to make way for a car park and football pitches. gardeners say soil at new site is so poor they can't grow a bean and their seedlings are rotting in the ground. they are demanding council pays out compensation for the problems at the allotments. the old prize-winning site has been bulldozed by oldham council. one allotment holder has grown fruit and veg at the old site for more than 10 years.
mohammad shatnawi scored an own goal for al faisaly against al whidat in the amman derby. he kicked the ball over his head after making a good save. james collins accidentally lobbed his goalkeeper trying to clear a cross for west ham on sunday.
jay hart, 24, could be heard laughing on mobile phone footage as he was caught having drunken sex in dugout. semi-professional footballer was dismissed after clip of tryst was shared on social media. he has begged for forgiveness from girlfriend bryony hibbert, 25, who has slammed those responsible for the clip. striker jay hart was dismissed from non-league clitheroe fc after being caught having sex with mystery blonde. he admitted he had no idea who the woman was and said he was drunk at mossley afc's 4-1 defeat.
manchester united duo david de gea and victor valdes enjoy some fun in the sun at a theme park. the red devils are currently second in the premier league table. united beat manchester city 2-0 at old trafford on derby day. the pair have enjoyed a relaxing time together this week.
christy mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, and a fractured liver. she was attacked by mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver, 33, nine months ago. mack claims he became abusive months into their one-year relationship. she is still undergoing dental work and still has to wear a wig and glasses to look in the mirror. he is accused of attempted murder and has been charged with 26 counts of sexual assault and attempted murder.
chris robshaw was caught on camera holidaying in barbados with girlfriend camilla kerslake. the england captain has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight. robshaw and his girlfriend shared a picture on instagram while on holiday.
fabio borini enjoyed a day off at adventure park go ape in delamere forest park on tuesday. the liverpool striker came on as a second-half substitute in liverpool's 2-0 win against newcastle on monday. the former swansea striker has only netted once in 17 appearances for the reds this season.
jack wilshere returned from injury to captain the arsenal’s u21 side against reading on monday night. the midfielder took to social media to thank fans for their support. the 23-year-old hasn't featured for the arsenal first team since november. he will be hoping to feature in the fa cup semi-final and season run-in.
tottenham midfielder christian eriksen was spotted kissing girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen in central london. the danish midfielder has been with the couple for almost three years. erikson hasn't scored since january and hasn't found the net since.
david alaba posted a video of his cast being removed on his instagram. the austrian star has been recovering from knee ligament damage. bayern munich face porto in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday. pep guardiola's side are currently top of the bundesliga.
great grey owl swooped on a field mouse in snowy fields in ontario, canada. the bird has a five-foot wingspan and stalked its prey from snowy treetops before launching its attack. photographer marc latremouille captured the images during a photography workshop.
gunmen killed eight people at sao paulo fan club pavilhao 9 on saturday night. victims were having a barbecue as they prepared for corinthians match against palmeiras. police say that the killings are not related to any football rivalry. the fan club was founded by fans who played football with inmates at a now-closed prison.
manchester city risk losing star man sergio aguero if they slip out of the premier league's top four. the argentine striker has scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for manchester city. manuel pellegrini signed former swansea striker wilfried bony for £30million in january. city are reportedly targeting paul pogba and raheem sterling this summer.
ankit keshri died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in kolkata. the 20-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury. he was only playing as a substitute fielder in a senior one-day match. india cricket legend sachin tendulkar is among several stars to pay tribute to the young cricketer.
inverness beat celtic 3-2 in extra-time to reach the william hill scottish cup final. david raven scored the winner four minutes from the end of extra time at hampden park. the defender hailed his late winner as 'a dream come true' ahead of the final against falkirk .
serafim todorov is the last man to beat floyd mayweather at the 1996 olympic games in atlanta. the 45-year-old lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the bulgarian government. he beat mayweather in the featherweight division semi-finals at the games. mayweather is unbeaten in 47 professional fights and is one of the richest boxers in the world. he lives in a remote town in bulgaria and shares a polo with his wife.
briony ingerson posted an instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up. fox sports australia will not take action against the freelance presenter. she posted the image from an 'african-themed party' almost three months ago. ingerson said the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend. a fox sports spokeswoman said the company was only aware of the photo on monday.   fox sports also tweeted a photo of a man in black face on april 11 as part of a competition.
when sam schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in orlando in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone drive again. schmidt drove a modified 2014 corvette c7 stingray on the long beach grand prix road course track sunday. he completed two laps around the 11-turn circuit and reached a top speed of 80 mph.
evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles. by midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire. the fire burned in the prado dam flood control basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
a masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in sydney's west. it is believed the incident took place shortly after 2pm. wigram street in harris park was closed by police as the search for the gunman got underway. a nsw police spokeswoman said an arrest is yet to be made. no one was injured in the incident.
cincinnati woman jacqueline carr, 65, was killed when a tree fell onto her car. police say she was the only occupant of the vehicle. due to the tree's size, police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than normal. the tree fell on the car around 4 p.m. sunday.
islamic state has released a new set of propaganda photos showing off their growing number of military markets in iraq and syria. even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market. the photos come from the iraqi province of nineveh, where isis have started to convert local markets to supply new recruits. no women appear in any of the photos.
'rich' who lives in humpty doo, northern territory, detailed his dream girl on gumtree. the 31-year-old's advertisement included a list of requirements in his potential partner. the casanova said the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors, but is also 'also a princess when need to be'   'rich' also said he is 'not shy of blowin cash on my woman'
kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning. she managed to get all of her children, aged one to 14, out of her decatur, georgia condo safely. the mother of six said her family has nothing after fire reduced their rented condo to a pile of rubble. while dixon was renting the condo in the last four years, she had quit working to enroll full time in school. now she is finding it difficult to get a lease for a new permanent home while unemployed. dixon has started a gofundme page which has raised $4,619 in donations.
jerald christopher 'jc' jackson, of immokalee, florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment with two men on saturday. one of the men pulled out a gun and demanded money and drugs. the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment and never returned. jackson was arrested on a charge of robbery with a firearm.
the clip was posted on instagram and quickly deleted. appears to show the singer holding a suspicious white tube in her hands and holding her nose. she later shared a video of herself holding the object on her own instagram page. it's unclear exactly what she was holding in the video. it has been claimed rihanna claimed it was just a joint.
jay dasilva was part of the chelsea under 19 team that won the uefa youth league on monday. ian wright has praised the 16-year-old left back for his performances in the competition. the former arsenal striker claims he is better than any current premier league left back. tammy abraham, charly musonda and charlie colkett are also tipped for a bright future in the game.
in a leaked sony email cameron crowe mocks bruce jenner's gender transition while speaking with amy pascal. he makes a joking reference to the actor's alleged transition while discussing his upcoming film aloha. this while the two are discussing crowe's upcoming film. crowe asked pascal if she wanted to know 'does bruce jenner want boobs'   pascal is a fan of crowe’s upcoming film, which stars emma stone and bradley cooper.
jose mourinho is planning a summer swoop for atletico madrid midfielder koke. chelsea's technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain to watch the 23-year-old. mourino could offer second-choice left-back filipe luis to his former club in a part-exchange deal.
bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with pep guardiola. the pair fell out over guardiola's injury complaints. the world-renowned doctor quit after a training ground accident with philipp lahm. guardiola is now unlikely to return to the bundesliga club.
pep guardiola has denied a rift with former bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt. the 72-year-old quit the club after 'being blamed' for the defeat by porto. bayern lost 3-1 in the champions league quarter-final at porto on wednesday. guardiola appeared to imply the defeat was down to a lack of players.
frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at kell brook’s ibf welterweight world title at the o2 on may 30. talks have been held and an announcement could be made as early as friday. brook hopes to finally face amir khan next year.
andre ward is the reigning world super-middleweight champion. paul smith has lost his last two title fights to arthur abraham. andre ward has been out of the ring for 17 months. carl froch wants to fight amir khan's son julio cesar chavez.
randy lerner missed villa's 2-1 win over liverpool at wembley because of a family bereavement. villa owner is expected to make the fa cup final against arsenal on may 30. tom fox said the american owner was 'delighted' by the win and upset to miss the game.
flight centre founder and brw rich list alumni geoff harris put the port melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his albert park dream home in may last year. mr harris accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on saturday. the self-made millionaire is reportedly worth $975 million. he is a co-director of top deck travel and is one of the biggest shareholders of the flight centre.
izzy brown was on the bench for chelsea seniors for the premier league clash at queens park rangers on sunday. jose mourinho called him up to the first-team squad on friday.    the 18-year-old scored twice in the uefa youth league final against shakhtar donetsk on monday. brown captained chelsea to victory and lifted the lennart johansson trophy.
villagers in ansai, central china, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water for their home. after pumping the water to the surface they found it was so polluted it could be set on fire. locals said they could smell petrol and gas coming from the well, and blamed a leak from a petrol station. local officials say they have launched an investigation into how the water became so polluted.
real madrid are keeping tabs on liverpool winger raheem sterling. zinedine zidane has revealed the la liga giants are monitoring the liverpool starlet. sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to sign a new deal at anfield. brendan rodgers has admitted liverpool may struggle to attract top players.
denis cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'goebbels of isis', sings about planning attacks in britain, germany and france. british police have raised security levels ahead of world war i commemorative events. the propaganda video is filled with footage of prisoners being beheaded and executions. he calls on jihadist sleeper cells in europe to carry out terrorist attacks. the german rapper was a successful rapper under the name deso dogg before joining isis.
manchester united scouts are due to watch inter milan striker mauro icardi against verona at the weekend. chelsea, manchester city and arsenal have also watched the 22-year-old. icardi has turned down inter's latest contract offer. the argentine is the joint-third top scorer in serie a this season.
aston villa beat liverpool 3-2 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley. christian benteke, fabian delph and jack grealish starred for the visitors. tim sherwood's side will face arsenal in the final of the competition.
gareth bale is a huge doubt for real madrid's champions league quarter-final second leg match against atletico madrid. welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off with a calf injury against malaga on saturday. los blancos are also without croatian midfielder luka modric, who suffered a knee ligament strain.
jonathas scored to give elche a 1-0 win over real sociedad in la liga on monday night. the striker took advantage of a defensive blunder to score his 10th goal of the season. real sociedad manager david moyes' side remain in 12th place in the league.
hazel the bulldog puppy named hazel is filmed trying to get the better of a washing basket. the dog lands inside the basket and leans up against the side of it. her weight causes the basket to fall onto its side sending her and some clothes to the floor. the video was filmed in a front room by her owner.
nottingham forest manager dougie freedman wants to sign blackburn striker jordan rhodes. the striker has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons for the rovers. forest are keen on signing the 25-year-old on loan, but it could cost £10m.
jay hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught having sex with a fan in the manager's dugout. he was wearing a clitheroe fc tracksuit and was filmed by a fan at mossley afc. the player was dismissed after the clip of his tryst was shared on social media. clit heroe chairwoman anne barker said the player had 'brought the club into disrepute'   he was sacked by the non-league side within hours of the footage being shared to fans.
hannover have gone 13 games without a win in the bundesliga. tayfun korkut was sacked after a 4-0 loss to bayer leverkusen on saturday. michael frontzek will take over at hannover and has five games left to avoid relegation.
manchester city under 18s boss jason wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team. manchester city face chelsea in the fa youth cup final on monday. wilcox hopes to emulate manchester united's 'class of 92' but says it will be very difficult. he was let go by his current club as a teenager.
lucas matthysse won a majority decision against ruslan provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on saturday night. don ackerman and john mckaie scored the fight 114-114 and 115-113 in favor of the argentine. matthyse landed the majority of the punches in the first round.
derry mathews beat tony luis by unanimous points decision at echo arena in liverpool. mathews won the interim wba lightweight title after richar abril and ismael barroso both pulled out of the fight. mathew was handed a 114-112, 114- 112, 115-112 decision. lu is was drafted in after mathews saw out the fight at the last minute.
lukas podolski is currently on loan at inter milan from parent club arsenal. the german forward says he wants to play for arsene wenger's side next season. the 29-year-old has failed to score in 12 appearances since arriving in serie a in january. the world cup winner struggled for first-team opportunities at arsenal.
terence crawford defeated thomas dulorme in the sixth round to win the vacant wbo junior welterweight title. crawford knocked down the puerto rican three times before the referee stopped the fight. it was crawford's first fight since moving up in class. he is now 26-0 with 18 knockouts.
paddy barnes and michael conlan are one win away from qualifying for the 2016 summer games in rio. the irish pair have travelled 34,000 miles during the current olympiad. barnes has boxed 29 rounds in 12 weeks and conlan 28. the pair face native opposition in maiquetia on saturday night.
nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio next year. natasha jonas announced her retirement from boxing on april 7. adams has no intention of following her britain team-mate into retirement. the 32-year-old is preparing to return to the ring at the national championships.
caroline wozniacki congratulated golf sensation jordan spieth on twitter following his masters success. tennis star was quick to ensure fans it wasn't a dig at her former love interest rory mcilroy. spieth won the first major of his career with a four-shot victory at augusta.
gael monfils beat former world no 1 roger federer 6-4, 7-6 at the monte carlo masters. the world no 18 beat the 33-year-old in a last-16 thriller in monaco. the frenchman will face grigor dimitrov in the quarter-finals.
freddie roach says that floyd mayweather has picked and chosen his fights during his career. roach rates super middleweight andre ward and gennady golovkin higher than he does undefeated mayweather. manny pacquiao's trainer says that mayweather cannot be considered the best ever.
jack nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over' after jordan spieth's masters victory. spieth and rory mcilroy have a combined age of 46, while phil mickelson is 44 and tiger woods 39. the 21-year-old equalled tiger woods' 72-hole record and became the first man to reach 19-under par at augusta.
roger federer beat jeremy chardy 6-2, 6-1 to reach the last 16 of the monte carlo masters. it was federer's first match since his loss in the indian wells final in march. the 17-time major champion spent less than one hour on court.
billy vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting mathew tait. the england no 8 had been cited for striking leicester full back matehw tait with his head. billy is free to face clermont auvergne in saturday's champions cup semi-final. maro itoje has signed a new long-term contract at saracens.
james anderson claimed his 384th test wicket on friday in the first test in antigua. sir ian botham's record had stood for 23 years. anderson believes he can still improve as a bowler and take more wickets for england.
lewis hamilton insists that he will do his talking 'on the track' ahead of the bahrain grand prix. nico rosberg is 17 points behind his team-mate ahead of sunday's race. the two drivers will renew their rivalry in the desert.
former england rugby captain mike tindall watched his horse monbeg dude finish third in the grand national at aintree. many clouds won the race and many clouds' jockey liam treadwell won £88,400 for his efforts. the horse's trainer michael scudamore and owner james simpson-daniel were also celebrating.
australia captain michael clarke believes kevin pietersen could play in this summer's ashes test series. the 34-year-old has not played for his country since the fifth test in sydney. he was unceremoniously sacked by england 14 months ago.
mcc reveals plans to replace the 'tired' tavern and allen stands at lord's. new stand will increase overall capacity of the home of cricket to almost 30,000. mcc's'masterplan' redevelopment of lord's has a projected budget of £80million. completion scheduled for spring 2019, in time for world cup and ashes.
billy vunipola was cited for an alleged butt on monday night. the saracens full back could miss champions cup semi-final against clermont on saturday. toulon are plotting a move for quade cooper after missing out on danny cipriani.
siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the british championships. her time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year. hannah miley took the silver medal and aimee willmott claimed bronze. jazz carlin claimed two gold medals despite missing world championships qualifying time.
tottenham travel to st james' park to face newcastle on sunday afternoon. newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime at the club. mauricio pochettino is unsure whether a boycott by fans will help or hinder his side. the spurs boss is in an upbeat mood ahead of the trip to newcastle. he will come up against his countryman jonas guiterrez.
former qpr manager harry redknapp says he would consider a return to management as long as it's at the right club. the 68-year-old resigned as queens park rangers manager in february citing knee problems. the former bournemouth boss turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad. he leads men united xi against leyton orient legends at the matchroom stadium on sunday.
ronny deila believes teams should have more of a say on kick-off times. celtic face inverness at hampden park in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday at 12.15. the spfl sparked a furious row this week over kick-offs. deila says that television should not control football, rather than teams.
karim benzema will miss real madrid's clash against atletico madrid on wednesday. carlo ancelotti is 'hesitating' over whether to play a 4-4-2 or 4-3-3 formation. gareth bale and luka modric are also set to miss the champions league clash. barcelona coach luis enrique is hailed as the best coach in history in his first 50 games.
toni duggan posted a picture on instagram of her with manchester united manager louis van gaal. the 23-year-old was at wing's restaurant after manchester city's win over united. duggan has apologised to fans and removed the photo from instagram. the england forward has also issued an apology on her facebook page.
charlie austin has scored 17 goals for queens park rangers this season. harry kane will be with gareth southgate's under-21 team. england manager roy hodgson will be monitoring the striker for the rest of the season. austin is in contention for a surprise call up to the national team.
southampton manager ronald koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of nathaniel clyne this summer. manchester united are interested in signing the right back. southampton boss koeman wants to keep his star man at the club until the end of the season. koeman's side are currently fourth in the premier league.
eniola aluko, lucy bronze, karen carney, jess clarke, kelly smith and ji so-yun have been nominated for the pfa women's player of the year award. manchester city defender bronze is the current holder of the award. chelsea and england forward aluko has been nominated.
celtic lost 2-1 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday. leigh griffiths says celtic have been 'robbed' by the officials. no penalty or red card was given for josh meekings' handball in the box. celtics keeper craig gordon was sent off for a foul on marley watkins.
inverness beat celtic 3-2 in the scottish cup semi-final at the weekend. john hughes says the break was a turning point in the game. inverness missed a penalty and craig gordon was sent off at the break .
steve mcclaren's derby side will make sure of a play-off place with victory at huddersfield. bristol city boss steve cotterill will win the league one trophy with victory against coventry. burton will be promoted with a win at morecambe in league two.
eddie howe has called on supporters to inspire bournemouth to win promotion from the championship. watford boss slavisa jokanovic is not looking beyond birmingham as they chase automatic promotion. norwich face middlesbrough on friday night in the title race.
nathaniel clyne has been linked with a move away from southampton this season. the right back has impressed for the saints this season and has been capped four times by england. manchester united target has admitted he wants to play champions league football. ronald koeman has admitted it may be hard to keep the defender at the club.
morgan schneiderlin, yannick bolasie and nathaniel clyne are wanted men in the premier league.    danny ings is out of contract at burnley and is a target for top clubs. aaron cresswell is wanted by manchester city, chelsea and manchester united.
ryan mason made his senior england debut against italy on tuesday night. the 23-year-old was celebrating team-mate andros townsend's equalising goal. ryan mason's tattoo became popular online during the celebration. twitter user compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old. england escaped turin with a 1-1 draw.
leeds president massimo cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of the squad. mirco antenucci, giuseppe bellusci, dario del fabro, marco silvestri, souleymane doukara and edgar cani were among the players to withdraw.    cellino has been banned since january after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht.
jose mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third premier league title with chelsea. former defender paulo ferreira expects the manager to stay at stamford bridge for 'a long, long time'   the 52-year-old is leading the blues towards their fourth title in his second spell at the club. didier drogba would also like to extend his stay at the blues for another season.
manchester city must have eight homegrown players in their premier league squad of 25. roberto mancini was not happy with the quality of players signed by the club. manchester have six premier league homegrown players and only three of them are english.   the club are being linked with players like danny rose and aaron cresswell.
brendan rodgers says a move to manchester city would not be a step up for raheem sterling. city have been heavily linked with a £50million move for the midfielder this summer. sterling is wanted by manchester for £50m as he stalls over new contract. rodgers believes manchester are bigger than manchester united.
jermaine beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as preston were held to a 2-2 draw by gillingham. mk dons closed the gap on second-placed preston to three points after a 4-2 win at rochdale. crewe move out of the bottom four after a 1-1 draw at peterborough.
danny rose has attracted interest from manchester city after a strong season with tottenham. mauricio pochettino will resist any offers for the left back. manchester have considered signing the 24-year-old as a homegrown player. rose is currently at tottenham hotspur and signed a five-year deal last summer.
aaron cresswell has proved a good fit for the premier league since signing for west ham in july 2014. john stones signed for everton from barnsley for just £3m. leonardo ulloa is the top scorer in the league for leicester city this season. andrew robertson joined hull from dundee for £2.85m. dwight gayleeterborough moved from crystal palace to crystal palace for £4m.
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on may 30. steven gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by brendan rodgers. the midfielder was playing his final game in a liverpool shirt before leaving the club in the summer. his header was cleared off the line with four minutes to play.
arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny says he feels sorry for adam federici after his mistake in the fa cup semi-final. federici let alexis sanchez's shot slip through his hands in extra-time. arsenal beat hull 2-1 at wembley to reach their second consecutive final.
malky mackay's tenure at wigan athletic came to an end on monday after a 2-0 defeat by derby. dave whelan was appointed manager of wigan in november 2014 but has arguably harmed the football club. whelan failed to win a single home game in six months in charge of the club.   whelan's decision to appoint the controversial scot has cost him his reputation and damaged the club's image.
tony mccoy is riding in his 20th grand national at aintree this week. the greatest ever jump jockey is guaranteed a great send-off during the grand national. the royal liver building in liverpool was lit up with a good luck message for the jockey. mccoys won the world famous grand national on don't push it in 2010.
wojciech szczesny hasn't played a premier league game for arsenal since january. arsene wenger's side are second in the premier league after eight straight wins. david seaman believes sz czesny must use his spell out of the side as a catalyst to become a better goalkeeper. the former arsenal goalkeeper has backed david ospina to become number one for the club.
over 45,000 ladies have descended on aintree for day two of the grand national - the crabbies grand national. the popular event has seen more than 40,000 racegoers descend on the racecourse for the day. ladies' day is the perfect build-up to saturday's main day of racing - crabbie's grand national . the first race of the day was the doom bar maghull novices' chase, with saphir du rheu winning.
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo could play together in a uefa all-star match. a marketing company has proposed the annual fixture. the proposed match would be a clash of the best of european stars.    the proposed game would be inspired by the nba all-stars game between the western and eastern conferences.
lionel messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games for barcelona this season. barcelona face psg in the champions league quarter-final first leg at the parc des princes on wednesday. manager laurent blanc has described messi as 'unstoppable'   blanc says his side will need to be 'aggressive defensively' to stop messi and his team-mates.
lionel messi says he is happy again after a disappointing and trophy-free 2014. the four-time ballon d'or winner was hampered by injury and off-field drama. messi is top of the la liga and his personal goal tally's at 45 from 44 games. barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league quarter final on wednesday.
randy lerner has hardly seen villa play in person during his nine-year ownership of the club. american owner will attend fa cup semi-final with liverpool at wembley on sunday. villa owner has been trying to sell the club since last may.
christian benteke scored the opening goal for aston villa in the 35th minute against tottenham. tim sherwood's team took the lead after a goal from the striker in the premier league. sanchez was sent off at the end of the first half for a second bookable offence. the striker has now scored six goals in eight games for the villa.
paul gascoigne scored the goal 24 years ago today against arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley. it is one of the best goals ever scored at the home of football. the then spurs midfielder scored a 35-yard free-kick five minutes into the match. gascoigna's goal set spurs on their way to a 3-1 victory.
manchester city currently have a four-point lead over liverpool in the race for the final champions league place. liverpool are top of the premier league with six games to go. manuel pellegrini's side have lost four of their past six premier league games. but liverpool have not collapsed and are looking strong.
christian benteke scored the opening goal of the game for aston villa in the 35th minute against tottenham hotspur . carlos sanchez was sent off for a second bookable offence in the first half. tim sherwood's team moved up to 10th in the premier league table after the win.
harry redknapp was at the emirates to watch arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 in the premier league on april 4. after the game, he claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by some fans. the former queens park rangers boss was stuck in traffic after leaving the stadium. redkapp is currently out of work after leaving his position as manager of queens park.
alexis sanchez has scored 20 goals for arsenal this season and is second in the premier league. scottish defender frank mclintock made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973. the chilean striker is the only current player good enough to get into the great arsenal teams of yesteryear.
bayern munich face porto in the champions league quarter-final, first leg on wednesday. thomas muller believes his team are stronger for their recent injuries. arjen robben, franck ribery, bastian schweinsteiger and david alaba are all out. porto host bayern at the estadio do dragao in portugal.
manchester united midfielder michael carrick wants to take up a career in motorsport. the 34-year-old says he wants to be an f1 driver when his playing days are over. carrick hopes to be playing for many more years, and wants to emulate ryan giggs. the former west ham star has enjoyed a renaissance this season at manchester united.
jack wilshere continued his return from injury in arsenal u21's 1-0 defeat by reading at the emirates stadium. long-term absentee abou diaby managed to last 56minutes of his own return. former arsenal defender martin keown's son niall scored the winner for the royals after eight minutes. german forward serge gnabry and other first team players also played for the hosts.
serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading on monday. the 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since march last year after suffering a serious knee injury. the midfielder impressed for the gunners last season but has not played since.
arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in the premier league. arsene wenger admits he could not have predicted his side's impressive run of results. the gunners are currently second in the league table. arsenal face championship side reading in the fa cup semi-final this weekend.
raheem sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer at liverpool. the 20-year-old insists it has nothing to do with money. sterling has revealed he hopes liverpool fans create a chant for him. sterling is hoping to stay at anfield for the rest of the season.
newcastle have slipped out of the top four and out of champions league contention. john carver's side face liverpool at crystal palace on monday night. brendan rodgers' side are seven points adrift of fourth-placed manchester city. carver says his players need to relieve the pressure on their shoulders with a win.
tomas francis impressed up against alex corbisiero as exeter beat northampton saints at sandy park. chiefs prop qualifies for england and wales and could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face england at the world cup. northampton were unbeaten for three months in the aviva premiership. wasps beat london welsh 40-13 as tom varndell scored a hat-trick of tries.
david 'flats' flatman has been driving around the rugby world cup venues preparing for the tournament. former bath, saracens and england prop is on bt sport's 'tour de flats'   flats says the buzz around the tournament is palpable in rugby-mad parts of england. flats says picking the likes of danny cipriani is key to winning new fans at the world cup.
tom arscott scored a brace of tries for sale at the madejski stadium. danny cipriani kicked two penalties and a conversion for irish. irish scored three tries through alex lewington and andrew fenby. sale remain in seventh position in the aviva premiership.
jordan ibe has been out for the last six weeks with a knee injury. the liverpool winger damaged his knee ligaments against besiktas in the europa league. brendan rodgers' side face newcastle at anfield on monday night. mario balotelli remains sidelined with illness and will miss monday's visit to newcastle.
raheem sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at liverpool. daniel sturridge believes sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly for the club. sterling was at the launch of liverpool's new home kit for next season. the 20-year-old has been linked with a number of clubs.
real madrid face atletico madrid in the european derby on tuesday night. carlo ancelotti's team must accommodate cristiano ronaldo, gareth bale and karim benzema in a 4-3-3. atletico boss diego simeone will flood the midfield for the clash of styles. real madrid and atletico are level with inter and ac milan in number of city derbies.
bayern munich host porto in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday. porto coach julen lopetegui does not believe bayern's injury list will play a role in the game. pep guardiola has praised his former barcelona team-mate for porto's brand of football. jackson martinez has returned to the porto squad for the first leg at dragao.
philippe coutinho is becoming liverpool's go-to guy, according to jamie carragher. liverpool sold star striker luis suarez to barcelona for £75million during the summer. coutinho starred for liverpool in their 2-0 win against newcastle united on monday night.
manchester united face manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday in the premier league. jamie carragher and gary neville believe jose mourinho will have a plan to stop marouane fellaini. united have won their last six league games and are top of the table. carraghers believes mour mourinho will bring kurt zouma into his midfield to stop fellainsi.
marouane fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes at manchester united this season. louis van gaal described him as almost undroppable at the start of the season. marouane is one of the best in world football at the moment. wayne rooney has hailed his belgian team-mate as a handful for defences.
sampdoria president massimo ferrero says mario balotelli has lost his desire for football. the italian striker is set to leave liverpool at the end of the season. liverpool have been willing to sell the 24-year-old but he wants to take a pay cut.   he has only scored once in the premier league since his move to liverpool last summer.
ipswich drew 1-1 with rivals wolves at molineux on saturday. benik afobe scored a late equaliser for wolves after richard stearman's own goal. mick mccarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of ipswich players. kenny jackett is still hopeful his wolves side can secure a championship play-off spot.
more than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by british transport police. officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the midlands. rivals manchester united, leeds and liverpool will all be in london over the weekend. united take on chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday.
leicester boss nigel pearson is not taking anything for granted in the chase for survival. the foxes face swansea at home on saturday in the premier league. leicester will escape the drop zone if they win and burnley fail to win at everton. everton boss roberto martinez believes sean dyche will help burnley survive.
emile heskey, eidur gudjohnsen and adam bogdan will be offered new contracts by bolton manager neil lennon. heskey has scored just one goal in the championship for bolton this season. goalkeeper adam bogdan has also been rewarded with a new deal.
paul mcgowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer last week. dundee manager paul hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season. mc gowan has a police curfew and is under a restriction of liberty order. hartsley fears playing the midfielder could see him break his curfew and end up in prison.
jose mourinho and pep guardiola are two of the coaches of the last eight in the champions league from barcelona. laurent blanc and julen lopetegui were part of the barcelona xi that won the spanish super cup under bobby robson in 1996.   four of the eight coaches of this season’s champions league are from the same club.
sean bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville in the conditional jockeys title race. bowen scored on abidjan at newton abbot and nico on one lucky lady. the season ends at sandown on saturday.
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has the most difficult job in football, says sam allardyce. west ham united boss believes manchester city boss is under pressure to win back-to-back premier league titles. city have lost six of their last eight league games and sit fourth in the table.
lyon drew 2-2 with saint-etienne in the rhone valley derby at the stade de gerland on sunday night. clinton n'jie and christophe jallet scored for the hosts. lyon are level on points with paris st germain at the top of the ligue 1 table. lille kept fourth place in sight with a 2-0 win over bordeaux at the pierre mauroy. montpellier beat caen 1-0 to move up to seventh in the table after a narrow victory.
portland timbers beat new york city fc 1-0 in major league soccer. dairon asprilla scored the only goal of the game. teal bunbury scored one and set up another as the new england revolution beat the philadelphia union 2-1.
aston villa owner randy lerner was expected to appear at wembley on sunday. tim sherwood's side beat liverpool to reach the fa cup final. but the american's aunt passed away. lerne is rarely seen at the club's games, but was due to attend.
football in turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on fenerbahce's team bus on saturday. police have detained two people suspected of involvement in the attack. the decision affects both next weekend's super lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals. the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport after a 5-1 win over rizespor.
manny pacquiao shared a video of his early morning jog ahead of his mega-fight with floyd mayweather on may 2. the champion boxer is preparing for the bout at the mgm grand in las vegas. mayweather posted a video showing him going for a late night jog. the two boxers will meet in a $300million showdown at the beginning of next month.
ken doherty trails mark davis 8-1 in third-round qualifier at ponds forge in sheffield. doherty won the world championships in 1997. graeme dott is a former world champion and trails yu delu 5-4 in the crucible.
ronnie o'sullivan will play 32-year-old debutant craig steadman in the first round of the betfred world championship. five-time winner o'ssullivan will play manchester’s debutant at the crucible on saturday. defending champion mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin at the world championship .
manny pacquiao took to the mountains to train ahead of his mega-fight with floyd mayweather jnr on may 2. the boxer trained at griffith park summit in california ahead of the bout. the 36-year-old is preparing to take on his opponent in las vegas. the two boxers will go head-to-head in the richest bout in boxing history.
ronnie o'sullivan is a five time world champion and world no 2 in snooker. the 39-year-old admits his mind wanders while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table. 'the rocket' thinks about whether he's going to make his dinner or not. o'ssullivan has openly questioned his commitment to the sport in the past.
manchester city lost 4-2 to manchester united in the premier league derby on sunday. joe hart was disappointed with his side's display. manchester city are four points behind rivals united and 12 behind chelsea. hart said it was one of his 'worst days in a man city shirt'   hart is at a loss to explain why his side are struggling for form.
manchester city lost 4-2 at manchester united in the derby at old trafford on sunday. pablo zabaleta admits the champions are facing a battle to finish in the top four. manuel pellegrini's side have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions.
homeowners on hickory island in bonita springs, florida, captured footage of a nine foot bull shark swimming past their back yard. residents say fishermen throwing bait into the water is attracting the predators to their homes. bull sharks are considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world, and are among most likely to attack humans.
manchester united beat neighbours city 4-0 in the premier league derby. louis van gaal's team sit top of the table with two points per game against the current top seven teams. sportsmail's alternative table shows every club's total points gained against the top seven. united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday.
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford in the premier league derby on sunday. manchester's official website claimed the city were red again after the win. louis van gaal's side are currently third in the league table, four points behind chelsea. but city are still four points adrift of united with six premier league games remaining.
vanessa moe's debut collection at mercedes benz fashion week australia featured plastic bag-like headwear. models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces. front row guests couldn't drag their eyes away from the polarising accessories.
scott quigg offered super-bantamweight world champion carl frampton £1.5m to fight. eddie hearn made the offer via his promoter barry mcguigan. but frampton has dismissed the offer as a 'publicity stunt'   frampton said hearn should make a more realistic offer to fight quigg at the manchester arena.
eathan cruse, 19, was one of five men taken into custody after anti-terror raids in melbourne on saturday morning. eathan said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. his father, glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid. it comes after the father of another man arrested said his family was traumatised by the level of force used by police.
alan stubbs did not know what to make of peter houston's recent post-match comments. hibernian manager was angered by the falkirk manager's comments about his team. hibs boss said he has a lot of respect for houston and his comments. houston said falk kirk scored all of their goals against hibernian from crosses.
andy lee faces peter quillin at the barclays center in new york on saturday night. quillin failed to make the 160lb weight to fight for the wbo middleweight title. lee was hoping to make his first defence of the title. the irishman beat matt korobov to win the title in december last year.
josh warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against dennis tubieron in leeds. the 24-year-old has been billed as the next ricky hatton due to his impressive fan base. warrington won the vacant wbc international featherweight title on points. the featherweight was awarded scores of 119-109 twice and and 119-110.
australian olympian jana pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child. the two-time world champion hurdler has a daughter named emily. the 32-year-old was filmed training for the 2016 rio olympics the day before going into labour. the athlete's new daughter was conceived with an anonymous sperm donor. she plans to compete in both the beijing world championships and the 2016 olympic games.
lilly pulitzer's diffusion collection sold out almost immediately online and in stores on sunday morning. the 250-piece collection of clothing, accessories, and homeware is now officially sold out by target. pieces from the collection have popped up on ebay with prices up to ten times the retail price.
fiorentina lost 1-0 at home to hellas verona in the europa league on monday. mounir obbadi scored in the 90th minute after alessandro diamanti missed a penalty for the home side. the defeat leaves the viola nine points behind third-placed roma in the table.
diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the fact there are no premier league clubs in the last eight of the champions league. chelsea, arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the last 16 stage. atletico madrid face real madrid in the second leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday. the atletico boss believes the failure of english clubs in europe should be a 'wake-up call' for the premier league.
grayson hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the huskies with the help of team impact, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams. hand's sister sophie, 7, was also taken on as an honorary cheerleader. father nate hand called the partnership a 'physical representation' of the support.
malenda meacham, 45, has become known as the bongo lady with thousands of followers on social media. it's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen. the basketball-loving attorney was filmed unleashing her percussion skills at a recent game.
shop will stock 'islamically approved' adult items and will open in mecca in saudi arabia's holiest city. moroccan muslim abdelaziz aouragh says idea was approved by clerics. it is being led by owner of existing dutch halal sex shop called el asira. he says a cleric told him it would encourage 'the improvement of the sexual relationship between husband and wife'
fc united of manchester win evo-stik northern premier title with 1-0 win over stourbidge. it is the club's fourth promotion in their short history. the rebels are two promotions away from the football league. karl marginson's side were set up in protest at the glazer family's takeover.
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, classic by mkto. video footage has been watched more than 900,000 times. the duo got married at the cotillion banquet hall in illinois.
the 53-second video, posted on youtube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday. about 25 seconds into the clip, the woman is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her. the man is later identified as a deputy u.s. marshal. he grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage. south gate police chief randy davis has confirmed that the man who is seen kicking the phone is with the marshals.
manchester united are to hand trials to mk dons teenagers luke tingey and kyran wiltshire. united are looking to bolster their squad for next season's u19 youth league. both players are expected to spend a few days at carrington.
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica, los angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst. the injury required a total of seven stitches. the incident took place on april 1 on a sunny day in the morning.
real madrid coach paul clement is a leading candidate to replace steve mcclaren at derby county. derby county are looking to secure promotion to the premier league next season. newcastle united are also interested in the former england boss. clement currently works under carlo ancelotti at real madrid.
gianluigi buffon has picked his champions league dream team. the italian goalkeeper has played with andrea pirlo, paval nedved and lilian thuram.    the seven-time scudetto winner has selected his team for the 20-year-old's all-time team.
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final second leg on wednesday night. carlo ancelotti's side have failed to win any of their last seven games against city rivals atletico. real madrid's last win against atletico came in last season's champions league final. diego simeone's men have won four of the eight times the two sides have met since then.
diego simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to second successive champions league final. atletico face real madrid in wednesday's quarter-final clash at the bernebeu. the argentina boss is made for england. he was shown a red card for lashing out at david beckham during the 1998 world cup. real mad madrid boss is famed for his confrontations and aggression.
joe gomez is valued at £8m by charlton and is wanted by manchester city and arsenal. manchester lost to chelsea in fa youth cup final first leg and are looking for more young english players. gomez has played at right back for charlton this season.
martina hingis faces poland's agnieszka radwanksa in the fed cup for switzerland on saturday. the 34-year-old was ranked no 1 in the world for 209 weeks in her prime and is poised to return.   the switzerland star will play her first singles match since 2007 as she makes her comeback . she won all five of her grand slam titles by the age of 18 and was ranked world no 1 at the time.
former manchester united defender patrice evra says sir alex ferguson told him he would be a great coach. evra is now at juventus after leaving the club on a free transfer in 2014. the frenchman says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
the fa cup was on show at alton towers theme park ahead of this weekend's fa cup semi-final clash. the famous trophy was accompanied by an arsenal fan and reading supporter. arsene wenger's side face reading in the semi-finals at wembley on saturday. the gunners beat hull 3-2 in last year's final to win the trophy.
football shirt friday is in support of the bobby moore fund for cancer research uk. bianca westwood, rob lee and clare balding among those showing off their favourite kits. fans are asked to wear a football shirt to raise money for bowel cancer awareness. moore died from bowel and liver cancer in 1993.
wellington silva signed for arsenal in january 2011 from fluminese for £3.5million. the brazilian has had to wait four years for his work permit issues to be resolved. wellington has been granted a spanish passport and can now play for arsenal. the 22-year-old has been on loan at almeria, murcia, levante and murcia.
mario mandzukic clashed with sergio ramos and dani carvajal during the champions league quarter-final first leg. atletico madrid striker committed seven fouls, compared to 11 by real madrid.   he had zero shots on or off target, and completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes . mandzucic proved he is a warrior with his performance, just as diego costa was at chelsea.
atletico madrid goalkeeper jan oblak is keeping clean sheets in the champions league this season. the 22-year-old has replaced thibaut courtois and david de gea as the club's first-choice keeper. he cost €16million from slovenia in the summer and has impressed. atletico have not allowed a team to score at vicente calderon for 663 minutes this season .
javier hernandez is'ready' to lead the line for real madrid vs atletico in the champions league on wednesday night. the striker is on a season-long loan from manchester united. carlo ancelotti's side face bitter rivals atletico at the santiago bernabeu. barcelona take a 3-1 lead into the second leg of their quarter-final against psg at paris saint-germain.
jurgen k klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday after seven years as manager. the german coach will be leaving the club in the summer. klopp does not expect any reaction from his players or the fans to his decision. the dortmund coach has urged his team to keep smiling. arsenal manager arsene wenger branded the 'circus' around k klopp's decision as 'ridiculous'
wilfried zaha posted a photo on instagram of him posing for close-up shots of himself. crystal palace winger poses for the latest installment of the fifa 16 video game series. ea sports are taking close up shots of football stars ahead of the release of the video game. the 22-year-old has been in fine form for crystal palace.
ivan novoseltsev proposed to girlfriend katerina keyru after fc rostov's 1-0 win against torpedo moscow. the defender got down on one knee to propose to his girlfriend on the pitch at the olimp-2 stadium. novosessev's team-mates watched on as he proposed to his basketball-playing partner.
this year's vivid sydney festival starts on may 22 and runs until june 8 from 6pm-midnight each night. each winter since 2009 the city's iconic buildings have been lit up with light installations. this year's festival will feature over 60 light installations and 140 artists. the festival has expanded to include pop-up bars and interactive skyscraper illumination.
bayern munich sporting director matthias sammer insists the club must focus on the future. pep guardiola's side lost 3-1 at porto in the champions league this week. sammer says bayern must'make plans for the future before it is too late' for philipp lahm and xabi alonso.
ceahlaul piatra neamt have sacked brazilian coach ze maria for the second time in a week. former brazil defender was fired on wednesday after a poor run of results. the 41-year-old was reinstated by owner angelo massone. ceahlaul were beaten 2-0 by fc botosani on saturday.
zlatan ibrahimovic faces his old club barcelona in the champions league semi-final on tuesday night. barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the first leg at the nou camp. the former barcelona striker was suspended for the second leg after being sent off against chelsea. lionel messi will be in awe of the sweden international at paris.   the 33-year-old is past caring what other people think of him.
benik afobe has scored 31 goals for mk dons and wolves this season. harry kane has five games left to score for spurs in the premier league. afobe says he feels 'unstoppable' as he aims to become the country's top scorer. the striker has scored 12 goals since joining wolves on a permanent deal.
the 90-second clip was filmed by a witness at king khalid international airport in riyadh. it shows two male employees recklessly tossing luggage onto a conveyor belt. two supervisors and three baggage handlers have been sacked by saudi arabian airlines. the video was uploaded to liveleak and has nearly 100,000 views.
roger lohse was reporting on an 800-acre brush fire in southwest miami-dade when his cameraman pointed out a kitten being rescued behind him. he was a reporter with miami station wplg. firefighters had rescued the kitten from the edge of the fire.
the custom-made piano was created for an 'influential sheikh' in doha, qatar. goldfinch, a cambridge-based piano maker, took six months to build it. every crystal was applied by hand. it was created in collaboration with british artist lauren baker.
porn site took over bank's page for young entrepreneur awards after they were scrapped in 2011. anyone trying to access page was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex. hsbc removed hyperlink from its main website after realising embarrassing mistake. banking giant has apologised to public for any inconvenience caused.
jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united foundation's street red project. the midfielder was a crucial player in the club's treble winning season of 1998-99.    he rejected sir alex ferguson's advances to sign for parma and carlo ancelotti in 1997.  the 41-year-old now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks using his own experiences.
a hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the sydney's opera house has gone viral for a second time. the video was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning. it was originally posted by sydneysider darren johnson in june 2012. the posting of the video comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered the city.
charlene of monaco, 37, presented tennis ace novak djokovic with sportsman of the year prize. presented the award at the laureus world sports awards in monte carlo. the royal cut a glamorous figure in a navy leather jacket and a matching dress. she was an olympic swimmer and has a sporting pedigree of her own.
lihi yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to a water fountain at a public play area in brooklyn, new york. each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air. his owner can be seen standing at the sidelines holding on to the dog's leash.
taylor lynn fast, 21, told police 17-month-old layla was bruised and unresponsive at home in festus, missouri. layla had been dead for hours by the time paramedics arrived at her home on sunday. she was found with severe injuries to her face and neck. fast allegedly told police that a spider bite had caused the injuries. fast claimed she had been bitten the day before and did not realize her child was dead. a three-year-old boy was also found at fast's home with a broken leg and severe bruising. fast has been arrested and charged with endangering the welfare of a child.
giorgio armani, 80, admitted in interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much. the fashion designer condemned men who 'dress homosexual'    he preferred the 'natural look' on women, rather than those with breast implants.
zinedine zidane is confident paris saint-germain can beat barcelona and progress to the champions league semi-finals. barcelona face psg in the quarter-final on tuesday night. the current ligue 1 champions require three goals to progress. psg lost the first leg 3-1 at home to barcelona last week.
former england footballer is selling a £6.75million penthouse in exclusive neighbourhood of chelsea. campbell has threatened to leave the country if labour wins the election. he is an outspoken critic of labour's proposed mansion tax. the 40-year-old has listed a second property for sale in the same area.
porto host five-times champions bayern munich in champions league quarter-final on tuesday. porto lead 3-1 from the first leg at the allianz arena. julen lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress. bayern are without arjen robben and david alaba.
corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop. he spots his father pulling jazz hands in the background and turns around to see him standing there. bass had returned home after being deployed in kuwait for a year.
black bears were spotted in the government hill area of anchorage, alaska, several days in a row. wildlife authorities said they will kill the family after they started eating from trash cans. the mother bear and her four cubs have been spotted several times in the area.
paranormal investigator jayne harris, based in shropshire, said she has received influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and headaches after viewing video footage of peggy. one woman even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of the doll. some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse'   mrs harris believed doll to be possessed with an evil spirit, and has experienced migraines and feeling drained after working with her.
salford city clinched the evo-stik league first division north title on 92 points. title rivals darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with warrington town. salford gained promotion from the conference north on the final day of the season. gary and phil neville and paul scholes were in attendance at the final game.
england are the most successful team in the history of the victory shield. football association's head of development put decision down to player development. gareth southgate says competition does not suit the needs of young players. wales are the current holders of the competition. sky sports have withdrawn funding and proposed an altered format.
the video will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory of one world trade center. it shows the growth of lower manhattan from the 1500s to the present day as they ascend to the top. the observatory opens to the public next month.
four royal navy sailors charged with gang rape of woman at canadian military base in dartmouth, nova scotia. darren smalley, joshua finbow, craig stoner, simon radford and two others appeared in court. they were ordered to surrender their passports and live on canadian naval base in halifax. they will also continue to work for the royal navy and draw their current pay as part of their bail conditions. all four men have been charged with sexual assault and group sexual assault.
striker jay hart, 24, was caught having drunken sex with mystery blonde in the dugout of mossley afc. he was dismissed from non-league clitheroe fc after clip of tryst was shared on social media. he has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend bryony hibbert's forgiveness. he admitted he had no idea who the woman was and was heard laughing on mobile phone footage. hart was sacked by the club and has since apologised to his family and friends for the incident.
southend united beat bury 1-0 at bury on tuesday night. phil brown's side move into fourth place after a david worrall free-kick in the 74th minute. bury were only a point behind third-placed wycombe at the bottom of the table.
mk dons beat doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on preston at the top of league one. preston beat notts county 3-1 to stay a point ahead of mk dons. dean bowditch scored the only goal of the game in the second half. swindon look destined for the play-offs after a 3-3 draw with walsall.
bonnie was rescued from puerto rico and is a rescue sato, a mixed-breed street dog. she is so afraid to eat alone that she paws her way over to her other dog clyde to eat with him. the video has nearly one million views on youtube.
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup final semi-final at wembley. steven gerrard was'sad' but the team were more disappointed at not winning a trophy for fans. kolo toure said the defender felt sorry for liverpool's fans. brendan rodgers became the first liverpool manager since the 1950s not to win a trophy in his first three years.
luke bryant, 25, was sat with southampton fans when he ran onto the pitch at st mary's stadium. he shrugged his shoulders at arsenal manager arsene wenger during a 2-0 defeat. the father-of-two said he was frustrated with his club and 'just wanted his voice heard'    he was banned from going to games for three years and fined £500 at southampton magistrates court.
didier drogba has withdrawn from monday's'match against poverty' after picking up an ankle injury. diego costa and loic remy both missed chelsea's 1-0 win over manchester united on saturday. drogba is a potential doubt for the premier league leaders' game against arsenal on sunday.
justin rose finished second at the masters despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament. rose had missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour. rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy after finishing second at augusta. rose hopes to boost his season with some big tournaments ahead.
caroline wozniacki shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster. the former world no 1 signed off her interview by saying:'see you at roland garros'   the danish star made her french open debut as a 17-year-old in 2007. she has never won a grand slam title.
manor driver will stevens was introduced to st george's park by michael johnson performance. the 23-year-old has been using the world-class facilities to help him climb the formula one ladder. the manor driver is preparing to race in the bahrain grand prix on sunday. he was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness.
jockey andrea atzeni will ride terror in wednesday’s landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket. terror is owned by new qatar racing bosses and trained by david simcock. frankie dettori has been unveiled as newmarket's ambassador for 2015. john gosden is represented by faydhan and osaila in the free handicap.
jordan spieth won his maiden major title at the masters on sunday. rory mcilroy failed to win all four major titles at augusta national. graeme mcdowell finished fourth in the masters, his best finish in seven appearances. the world number one believes spieth and rory are 'difficult to compare' to each other.
many clouds won the grand national on sunday. trainer oliver sherwood has floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree in newbury’s hennessy gold cup. many clouds was trained by sherwood and trained by leighton aspell. shutthefrontdoor is also looking to return to aintree next season.
london welsh fly half olly barkley has signed a new contract at the relegated club. the 33-year-old joined the exiles last year and won 23 caps for england. welsh are set to return to the championship next season after finishing bottom of the aviva premiership.
ruby walsh acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide as balthazar king was receiving treatment at the grand national. balthazer king fell on the second circuit of the race and was taken to an equine hospital. walsh is a two-time winner of the national.
many clouds won the grand national at aintree on saturday. jockey leighton aspell won the race for trainer oliver sherwood. many clouds was ridden by ap mccoy, who won last year's race on pineau de re. the 38-year-old became the first rider to win the race on different horses in successive years.
brian o'driscoll says english clubs need roman abramovich style investment to turn english clubs back into a european force. saracens are the only english team left in the champions cup semi-finals. o'driscoll admits scrapping the salary cap would be dangerous for english sides.
christian wade did not attend the matt hampson foundation charity event on wednesday night.    former england fly half andy goode accused the 23-year-old of having 'bad values'   wade pulled out because of an injury rehabilitation session the following morning.
top 14 side clermont face saracens at the stade geoffrey-guichard on saturday afternoon. clermons face the french giants in the semi-final of the aviva premiership. wesley fofana, brad barritt and julien bonnaire will go head-to-head in the clash. serge betsen tells sportsmail where he thinks the game will be won .
jeff williams is an england sevens international and has scored 36 tries on the world series circuit. he will move to aviva premiership side bath at the end of the season. the 26-year-old has agreed a deal to move to the recreation ground for next season.
ankit keshri died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in kolkata. the 20-year-old cricketer suffered a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury. he was playing as a substitute fielder in a senior one-day match. india cricket legend sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to the 'promising' player.
ian bell says he never expected england to win the series in the west indies without a struggle. outgoing yorkshire chairman colin graves declared the hosts'mediocre'   bell says england did not underestimate the hosts ahead of the first test in grenada. bell was full of praise for jason holder and devon smith.
declan fitzpatrick has been forced to retire on medical grounds after multiple concussions. the prop played for ulster and ireland and won seven caps for ireland. the 31-year-old had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons.
liam plunkett and mark wood are pushing for a place in england's attack for the second test. moeen ali has joined up with the england squad after missing the first test in antigua through injury. the second match of the series starts on tuesday.
jonathan davies says clermont are'sharpening the blade' ahead of champions cup semi-final against saracens. top 14 side thrashed english champions 37-5 in the previous round. clermond are aiming to make amends for last year's semi-finals defeat at the hands of saracen.
liam livingstone hit 34 fours and 27 sixes in his 138-ball innings for nantwich town against caldy. the 21-year-old all-rounder scored a triple-century in national club championship match. lancashire believe it is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match.
kevin pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his championship return for surrey. the former england batsman was making his first appearance since june 2013. he had looked in good form before edging behind to craig meschede at first slip. sri lankan kumar sangakarra made a hundred on surrey debut batting at no 3.
mark selby beat kurt maflin 6-3 in the first round of the world championship at the crucible. the leicester man is defending his title after winning last year's title. the 31-year-old beat ronnie o'sullivan in the final to claim his maiden crucible title. his match against kurt maflin concludes on saturday.
marcelo bosch was the hero of saracens' champions cup quarter-final win over racing metro. the 31-year-old signed a contract extension at allianz park. bosch kicked a last-minute penalty to secure victory in paris. the argentina centre joined the club from biarritz in 2013.
the sru have signed a £3.6million shirt sponsorship deal with bt over three years. bt will take over from rbs as shirt sponsors from the summer. scotland will have bt branding on their training tops and under-20 jerseys. the deal is the biggest in the sru's history.
mark selby will face tournament debutant kurt maflin in the first round of the world snooker championship at the crucible on saturday. no first-time winner has retained his title at the venue the next year . jimmy white has tipped the world no 1 to be a 'big favourite' to win the tournament.
michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series in mesa. the 18-time olympic gold-medallist was suspended by usa swimming for six months after drink driving conviction. phelps is aiming to compete at the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro.
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800-meter title on saturday. the former 800 world title-holder and 2012 olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds in stellenbosch. semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the world championships. she has run sparingly over the last three years because of injury problems.
deyan iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes for the 10-man arsenal under-21s side. middlesbrough beat arsenal 3-2 at the riverside stadium on monday night. lewis maloney and yanic wildschut scored for the hosts. matt macey had to come on for arsenal after starting goalkeeper  .
manchester united lost 1-0 at home to chelsea in the premier league on saturday. juan mata returned to stamford bridge for the first time since leaving the club in january. eden hazard scored the only goal of the game. mata insists his side can be proud of their performance and congratulates his former side.
alex hales scored the first double hundred of his career for nottinghamshire against yorkshire. hales was unbeaten on 222 not out at stumps on the opening day of the county championship match at trent bridge. the home side reached 393 for seven at the end of the day. andrew gale captained yorkshire after serving a suspension.
west brom manager tony pulis has never finished in the top half of the premier league. garry monk is the only other manager to have finished higher than 11th. alan pardew could guide crystal palace into the top-half of the table this season - something pulis never achieved.
hull city boss steve bruce admits his side need 'crazy results' to avoid relegation from the premier league. hull face southampton on saturday without a win in five games and two points above the bottom three. allan mcgregor could lose his place in the side after a pair of blunders.
liam phillips won the 2013 bmx world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014. the 26-year-old hopes to use this year to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 olympics. phillip won the manchester world cup event in 2014 and is hoping for glory in rio.
aaron cook's application to switch allegiances to moldova has been approved by british olympic chief bill sweeney. cook has refused to fight for great britain since may 2012. the 24-year-old was overlooked for the britian taekwondo squad at london 2012. cook wants to compete for moldova at the 2016 olympics in 2016.
newcastle owner mike ashley has been urged to invest in the club or risk losing a generation of fans. thousands of newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat by tottenham. mark jensen warns ashley he risks creating a lost generation of supporters if he fails to invest.
alan pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to newcastle's season. without it, they would have only been on 20 points. newcastle were bottom of the premier league after a poor start to the season. pardew won 26 of the five games and kept his players on side. john carver's side are currently on six consecutive defeats.
leicester foxes beat swansea 2-0 at the king power stadium on saturday. leicester have now won three premier league games in a row for the first time since 2000. nigel pearson's side moved up to 17th in the premier league after the win. the foxes had only won two of their previous 24 games in the league.
dele alli was crowned the football league young player of the year on sunday night. the mk dons midfielder signed for mauricio pochettino for £5million in january. the 19-year-old believes tottenham are the 'perfect' club for him. alli is yet to play for spurs after being loaned back to his boyhood club.
west ham manager sam allardyce is out of contract at the end of the season and could leave the club. garry monk has been touted as a potential replacement but insists he is the perfect man for the job. monk has led swansea to a record-equalling 47 premier league points this season.
ryan hardie scored a brace on his full debut for rangers against dumbarton on saturday. it was the 18-year-old's first ever light blues start. rangers boss stuart mccall's side beat dumbarton 3-1 at dumbarton at the dumbarton stadium. hardie had made just four substitute appearances before the game .
stuart mccall is relaxed about the prospect of rangers finishing third in the scottish championship. rangers currently lead the race for second spot in the league. the gers travel to dumbarton on saturday as they look to hold on to second spot. mccall insists it will not be a disaster if rangers have to play two extra games in the play-offs.
yannick bolasie scored a second-half hat-trick for crystal palace at the stadium of light. glenn murray opened the scoring for the eagles in the 48th minute at the premier league clash. connor wickham scored a late consolation goal for sunderland. palace boss alan pardew's side moved up to fifth in the table after the comprehensive win.
dave king must convince the sfa that he is a 'fit and proper' person to be chairman of rangers. king ousted the previous directors at ibrox last month. the businessman has 41 convictions under south african tax law. stewart regan says king must give evidence to support his case to become chairman.
liverpool lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final and miss out on champions league qualification. brendan rodgers needs to sign five players this summer. danny ings, james milner, petr cech, memphis depay and asier illarramendi are all targets for liverpool. mario balotelli and rickie lambert appear set to depart liverpool at the end of the season.
aaron cresswell has been linked with a move to manchester city but sam allardyce has warned him to stay at west ham. the full back has been a star of the premier league for west ham this season. manchester have signed jack rodwell and scott sinclair from the club.
former spokesman for the glazer family, tehsin nayani, has written 'the glazer gatekeeper: six years speaking for manchester united's silent owners'   he claims the family were 'completely unruffled' by the protests that greeted their takeover of the club in 2005. sir alex ferguson regularly invited the family into his dressing room and was a huge fan of the manager.    malcolm glazer had little to do with the takeover, leaving it to his sons.
arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny turned 25 on saturday. the gunners beat reading 2-1 in extra-time in the fa cup semi-final. after the game, sz czesny was treated to a birthday surprise at his home. his singer-songwriter girlfriend mariana luczenko presented him with a cake. the poland international was joined by family and friends for a private birthday performance by his favourite rock band, lemon.
ross mccormack gave charlton athletic the lead after eight minutes at the valley. matt smith headed the visitors in front after just eight minutes. but johann gudmundsson equalised for the visitors with a first-half goal. kit symons' side now sit 20th in the league table, eight points clear of rivals millwall.
barcelona and real madrid are looking to loan players out on loan next season. barcelona want limited departures from the first team but young players to gain experience.    pedro could be on his way out of barcelona after falling down the pecking order at the club. real mad madrid's boy wonder martin odegaard is expected to go on loan to a higher league club . munir el haddadi could also be loaned out next season at the nou camp.
fc united of manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium broadhurst park is nearing completion. the new ground cost the democratic club a whopping £6.5m. the ground will host benfica for the official opening on may 29. general manager andy walsh says the ground is a'statement' to the fans.
john carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of newcastle united. thousands of supporters are planning to boycott sunday's home match against spurs. fans are unhappy at how newcastle are being run under mike ashley. steve mcclaren has already been tipped as a replacement for carver. carver has urged fans to get behind the team.
tottenham boss mauricio pochettino believes harry kane and ryan mason have been affected by the england call-up. the pair have struggled since returning from international duty. tottenham boss hopes to see improvement against newcastle at the weekend.
ashley young moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa. the 29-year-old acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club. young feels he has an important role under louis van gaal at manchester united. the winger feels he is finally feeling like a senior member of the squad.
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday night. massimiliano allegri's starting line-up had an average age of 30years 64 days. italian giants are the second oldest side in champions league history. portsmouth hold the record for fielding the oldest ever starting line up in the premier league.
manny pacquiao meets up with saved by the bell actor mario lopez and nba superstar jeremy lin. welterweight boxer takes to instagram to show off his ripped physique ahead of his fight against floyd mayweather. mayweather takes on the filipino boxer in las vegas on may 2. may mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing.
newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time in the wear-tyne derby. some have criticised the dutchman for his display of sportsmanship. pele and bobby moore's famous hug with pele in 1970 is often held up as the peak of football sportsmanship . but is football really so leeched of humanity that a pro can't congratulate a fellow professional?
tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters after milos raonic retired with a foot injury. raonic called a trainer after dropping serve in the first set. the canadian had to retire from his quarter-final clash with berdych. berdy ch will face either grigor dimitrov or gael monfils in the semis.
chelsea are weighing up a move for west ham striker enner valencia. jose mourinho is interested in signing the ecuadorian in the summer. chelsea are offering a new contract to patrick bamford but he will go on loan at middlesbrough. raheem sterling is also a transfer target for the club but they know it will be tough.
steve clarke insists his reading side must be 'perfect' to have any chance of beating arsenal at wembley. arsene wenger's side face reading in the fa cup semi-final on saturday. clarke has yet to see a perfect performance from one of his teams as a manager. he has never beaten wenger as a boss.
amir khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30. he announced chris algieri as his opponent last week. khan rejected the chance to fight kell brook at wembley in june 13. the welterweight has been criticised on social media.
jessica ennis-hill, mo farah and greg rutherford will compete at the anniversary games at the olympic stadium. all three gold medallists won gold at the london 2012 olympics. the three-day extravaganza is part of the sainsbury's anniversary games.
arsene wenger confirms wojciech szczesny will start in goal for arsenal against reading in the fa cup semi-final. the poland goalkeeper has lost his place to david ospina after a number of errors this season. arsene admits he's working hard to win back his place at the club.
manchester city players trained at their etihad campus base on wednesday. manuel pellegrini's side are preparing for their game at home to west ham united on sunday. yaya toure and samir nasri are reportedly two players who could leave the club in the summer. sergio aguero took part in shooting practice ahead of the game.
adrian heath is manager of the newest mls team orlando city. heath has been in charge of the club for eight years. the former everton and manchester city midfielder is currently in the usl. frank lampard and steven gerrard are set to join the mls in the summer.
david villa cheered on former club atletico madrid during champions league clash with real madrid. new york city fc forward joined mls newcomers    the world cup-winning star spent a year at vicente calderon last season. the quarter-final first-leg tie finished goalless with real's gareth bale missing a glorious chance.
ufc women's champion ronda rousey paid a visit to manny pacquiao's training camp in los angeles. she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person' in manny. manny is preparing for his may 2 megafight against floyd mayweather in las vegas. pacqu qiao and mayweather face each other in the richest fight in history.
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals on loan for middlesbrough this season. the 21-year-old striker is in talks with parent club chelsea to open talks over a new deal. jose mourinho has been impressed with the striker's attitude and development. romelu lukaku was sold to everton in the summer after failing to make the grade at the club.
nbc host rebecca lowe is a lifelong crystal palace fan and is married to former cheltenham manager paul buckle. nbc have more than doubled us interest in the premier league in the past two years.   nbc transported their entire premier league production from their hq in stamford to england for this weekend's round of matches.
floyd mayweather holds open workout for the media ahead of manny pacquiao fight on may 2. the american will be in las vegas on tuesday night. the session will be streamed live from 12am uk (7pm edt)    mayweather will be training ahead of his showdown with mannypacquiao.
manny pacquiao will be put through his paces at the wild card gym in los angeles this evening. floyd mayweather jnr was two hours late for his workout at the same venue. the welterweight boxer is training with trainer freddie roach.
floyd mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a £1.5million bugatti to be delivered in 12 hours. the super-car was delivered just 11 hours later. obi okele, owner of fusion luxury motors, was given the task of ordering the car. mayweather has previously ordered a ferrari enzo at 2am.
stan wawrinka was beaten 6-1, 6-2 by grigor dimitrov at monte carlo masters. the defending champion made 41 unforced errors in the match. dimitrova will face gael monfils in the quarter-finals of the masters.
rafael nadal beat john isner 7-6 (8-6) 4-6 6-3 to reach the quarter-finals of the monte carlo masters. second seed roger federer was knocked out in straight sets by gael monfils. the world number two was beaten 6-4 7-7 (7-5) by the frenchman. david ferrer and grigor dimitrov also through to the last eight.
the referee for floyd mayweather's fight with manny pacquiao will earn $10,000 (£6,800) on may 2 in las vegas. kenny bayless and tony weeks are both frontrunners for the job. the fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m)   mayweather recently revealed he is within three pounds of the welterweight limit already.
manny pacquiao has directed and performed in a music video for 'i'm fighting for filipinos'   the boxer is joined by several of his compatriots as he sings and performs in the video. the 36-year-old is preparing to face floyd mayweather on may 2 in las vegas.
atletico madrid manager diego simeone knows how to replace stars at the la liga club. the club's super-agent jorge mendes has worked closely with miguel angel gil marin over the last five years. atletico have used third-party ownership lenience in spain to their advantage.   the club have an extensive and well-run youth system and are known for their homegrown talent.
reading manager steve clarke wants scheduling of matches in england to improve. reading face arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday. reading had to play their fa cup replay against bradford on a monday after playing a championship match.
floyd mayweather's personal chef reveals he loves sweets and fizzy drinks on'snack day' in new video released by champion's'money team' 'chef q' spends more than $300 on the star's sweet selection. mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a mega-fight at the end of the month.
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid in champions league clash on tuesday night. milorad mazic refereed the game at the vicente calderon. miranda said officials from'minor leagues' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games. team-mate mario suarez has also criticised the performance of the referee.    the brazil defender questioned why the referee failed to punish sergio ramos for an elbow on mario mandzukic.
philipp lahm spoke to former bayern munich team-mate owen hargreaves as part of a bt sport documentary. the world cup winner praised bayern manager pep guardiola's tactical understanding. bayern take on porto in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday. jupp heynckes led bayern to a treble in 2013 before retiring from coaching.
theo walcott has just over 12 months remaining on his current £90,000-a-week contract at arsenal. the 26-year-old will open talks with gunners chiefs in the next two weeks. the england winger has attracted interest from manchester city and liverpool. walcott is looking for assurances over his role in arsene wenger's squad.
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid at the vicente calderon on tuesday night. cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale missed the best chances of the match in the first half. bale was the only player to score for real madrid in the match.
mario mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by real madrid's daniel carvajal during champions league quarter-final first leg. atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real at the vicente calderon. paul scholes criticised the croatian striker for'making a meal' of many of his second-half clashes. the former manchester united midfielder claimed he was over reacting to challenges.
former manchester united midfielder eric cantona starred in the french film you and the night. cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film, insisting it is a 'piece of art'   cantona was speaking at the laureus sports awards in shanghai. the film includes a number of racy scenes, including cantona in just his underwear.
eight of united's first-team squad and six from city are native spanish-speaking. nine english-speakers are expected to feature in the manchester derby on sunday. sergio aguero will be one of 14 native sp spanish-speaking players to feature for united. unless tyler blackett makes a comeback for united there won't be any mancunians in either squad.
wilfried zaha scored twice as crystal palace beat sunderland 4-1 at crystal palace on saturday. brad guzan impressed in goal for aston villa as they beat tottenham 1-0 at tottenham. nacho monreal was in fine form as arsenal beat burnley 1- 0 at burnley.
wilfried zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years with the club. the winger was signed by old trafford for £10million from crystal palace in january 2013. zaha was loaned back to crystal palace for the rest of the season. louis van gaal told zaha he wasn't part of his plans after capital one cup snub.
javier pastore is the best player in the world, according to former manchester united striker eric cantona. cantona was speaking at the laureus world sports awards in shanghai. real madrid's cristiano ronaldo and barcelona's lionel messi are also not the best players.   cantona said the argentine is the'most creative' and 'exciting' player in world, despite scoring 45 goals this season.
real madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico in the champions league derby on tuesday. jan oblak put in an impressive display in goal for atletico. barcelona face paris saint-germain in the french capital on wednesday night. italian papers focus on arturo vidal's goal in juventus' win over monaco.
bournemouth drew 2-2 with sheffield wednesday at dean court in the premier league. matt ritchie and chris maguire scored in injury time to salvage a draw for the owls. bournemouth's simon francis was sent off for two yellow cards in the 78th minute. yann kermorgant and kieran lee scored for the cherries.
zlatan ibrahimovic has scored 17 ligue 1 goals for paris saint-germain this season. the 33-year-old is available for the club's champions league quarter-final second leg against barcelona. marco verratti has praised his team-mate for playing an 'essential' role.
eric cantona believes manchester united are 'kings of the city' again after beating manchester city 4-2 in the derby on sunday. the former united legend believes louis van gaal can win the premier league title next year. cantona was speaking at the laureus sports awards in shanghai on tuesday. he also defended his role in latest film, dubbed'soft porn'    cantona said he had no regrets about the kung-fu kick at crystal palace.
bournemouth drew 2-2 with sheffield wednesday at dean court in the sky bet championship. eddie howe was at a loss as to why his bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty. callum wilson was brought down by lewis buxton in the penalty area . owls boss stuart gray revealed buxton believes he got a touch to the ball.
petr cech has fallen behind belgian shot-stopper thibaut courtois in jose mourinho's pecking order at stamford bridge. the 32-year-old posted a video on his youtube channel playing the drums to'magnificent' by u2. the czech republic international is expected to leave the premier league club this summer.
gonzalo higuain opened the scoring for napoli after 15 minutes at the volkswagen arena. marek hamsik and manolo gabbiadini doubled the visitors' lead in the first half. nicklas bendtner pulled a goal back for wolfsburg before half-time. napoli went on to win the first leg of the europa league quarter-final 4-0.
julen lopetegui has masterminded an unbeaten champions league campaign for porto this season. porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the quarter-final of the champions league. the portuguese side are unbeaten in the competition and are unbeaten. ricardo quaresma has scored twice in porto's last two games.
tire changer todd phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injured during the indycar grand prix of louisiana. he was struck by the car of francesco dracone, who had come in on lap 25 for tyres and fuel. drac one spun while exiting his put box and clipped the pit crew member's leg. phillip was flipped upside down by the force of the impact but escaped with minor injuries.
arjen robben has missed bayern munich's last three games due to an abdominal injury. the holland international has missed his side's last four matches due to the injury. robben said he has felt 'physically disabled' during his time on the sidelines. the winger is close to returning to full fitness and will start running again in a few days.
jurgen k klopp announced he would be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season. k klopp has been manager of dortmund for seven seasons. he has won two bundesliga titles, the german cup and reached the champions league final. klopp was emotional during his farewell press conference on wednesday.
real madrid trio alvaro arbeloa, asier illarramendi and nacho gave adidas a tour of their ciudad real madrid training complex. the trio were joined by adidas presenter roman kemp for the behind-the-scenes tour. each player has their own personalised room at the club's hq. the players are allowed 24-hour access to the complex and can relax in communal suites.
some manchester city fans have seen the cost of their season tickets at the etihad stadium double. some fans will now have to pay over £1,700 for a ticket, up from £885. the club claim the change is due to upgrades at the stadium. city are currently fourth in the premier league table.
david silva was caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate's elbow during manchester city's 2-0 win over west ham. the spaniard was taken off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for treatment. he was feared to have fractured his cheekbone after being given oxygen. but tests showed no fracture and silva declared himself fit on sunday night.
montenegro v russia euro 2016 qualifier was abandoned after 67 minutes in podgorica on march 27. russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was struck by a lit flare. uefa have awarded russia a 3-0 walkover victory. montenegro have been ordered to play their next two qualifying games behind closed doors. one of those games is suspended for two years and montenegrin fans fined £36,280.
manchester city's under 18s side lost 3-1 to chelsea in the fa youth cup final final first-leg on monday night. manchester city captain vincent kompany, manager manuel pellegrini and head of youth development patrick vieira were in attendance. tammy abraham and dominic solanke scored the goals for the visitors.
sergio aguero opened the scoring for old trafford after 14 minutes. but ashley young equalised for manchester united in the 28th minute. marouane fellaini and chris smalling scored in the second half to put the red devils 3-1 up. sergio aguera scored a late equaliser for the visitors to make it 2-1 to the visitors.
paul aldridge will leave the championship club at the end of next season. wednesday chief executive joined the club as vice chairman and ceo in january 2011. adam pearson and glenn roeder have been brought in to work alongside head coach stuart gray.
patrick bamford believes his long-term future lies at chelsea. the 21-year-old striker has scored 17 championship goals on loan at middlesbrough this season. bamsford collected the championship player of the year award on sunday. the striker hopes to help aitor karanka's side get promoted to the premier league.
chelsea manager jose mourinho admits that chelsea do consider sponsorship interests when signing new players. the west london club agreed a £200million sponsorship deal with yokohama rubber in february. fc tokyo president naoki ogane claims chelsea have made a bid for yoshinori muto. muto would be the first japanese player to sign for chelleysea if he joins the club.    mour mourinho says chelsey would never sign a player unless he is a 'good player or a good prospect'
moeen ali has been named as an ambassador for liverpool's official fan club in pakistan. the cricketer has been called up for england's final two tests in the west indies. ali is a lifelong liverpool fan and was at the lfc all-stars match at anfield last month.
winger josh mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for hull kr against bradford bulls. ryan shaw kicked five goals for the east yorkshire side in the 50-30 victory at the odsal stadium. hullkr came from 12-0 down to win the challenge cup tie.
monaco lost 1-0 to juventus in champions league quarter-final first leg at juventus on tuesday.    leonardo jardim claimed the penalty decision against his side was a 'huge injustice'   it was not clear whether ricardo carvalho's initial contact with alvaro morata was from outside the area. arturo vidal scored from the spot after the referee pointed to the spot.
javier pastore has dismissed eric cantona's claim that he is the best player in the world. the former manchester united star has hailed pastore as 'the best . pastore believes lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are a class above him. paris saint-germain face barcelona in the european champions league second leg on tuesday.
in-form winger aaron murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as huddersfield beat catalans dragons 38-14. ukuma ta'ai also scored twice as giants ended a three-match losing run. scott dureau scored all of the points for the giants.
gary cahill is yet to win the premier league with chelsea since joining the club in january 2012. the england defender has won four cups with the stamford bridge side since then. cahil believes that winning the league title would be his most testing achievement. chelsea host manchester united in the league on saturday.
jamie carragher says mike ashley has turned newcastle united into a 'boring' club. he says the billionaire owner only wants to make money and is alarmed at the state of the club. thousands of fans boycotted sunday's 3-1 defeat at home to spurs in protest. former sunderland chairman says ashley must try to reconnect with the fans.
paris st germain face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday. laurent blanc's side lost 3-1 in the first leg at the camp nou in paris. zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti will be back from suspension for the second leg.   but thiago silva and thiago motta remain injured for the trip to barcelona.
bangladesh beat fellow world cup quarter-finalists pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in dhaka. tamim iqbal and mushfiqur rahim scored centuries as bangladesh made 329 for six. pakistani could only muster 250 in reply.
andy lee makes the first defence of his wbo middleweight title against peter quillin in new york on saturday. the irishman is confident he has improved since winning the title last year. lee faces former champion quillin at the barclays centre. quillin is yet to taste defeat as a professional.
eddie hearn has offered carl frampton £1.5million to fight scott quigg at manchester arena. frampton wants to fight quigg in a super-bantamweight bout on july 18. matchroom sport boss hearn unveiled a cheque to sky tv cameras to force a deal. but frampton's promoters, cyclone promotions, say they are waiting for a response from matchroom.
sean reardon was pulled over for suspected drink driving in chico in california. claims he was wrestled to the floor by two police officers as he lay on the ground. video footage shows the 30-year-old being repeatedly hit with a baton or stick. reardon claims he suffered respiratory failure and broken bones and ribs after the beating. the video footage has emerged as tensions over police brutality have increased in america.
south australia is home to the cycling mecca of the world, the tour down under. adelaide was the hottest place on the planet when sian lloyd was in the south australian city. the city's central market is one of the best places to eat in the country. the flinders mountain ranges and the adelaide hills are also a great place to explore.
bridget olinda garcia, 32, charged with child abuse after driving with her son on the hood of her car. she had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone and was leaving the house with his three siblings. the teen jumped on the car's hood after 'a brief altercation' with his mother. garcia allegedly drove 200 feet with son on hood before stopping and stopping the car. the boy injured his hip, knee and foot and was taken to a local hospital.
cassey ho, 28, says the negativity in the comments section of her youtube channel has become especially nasty lately, and has even made her cry. in her new video, the 'perfect' body, cassey highlights the cruel comments she has received from viewers of her fitness videos. the fitness expert says she has felt bad about herself after reading the comments.
dad created t-shirt to keep the boys away from his daughter - and she doesn't look happy about it. kit dale, from melbourne, australia, shared the image to his facebook page. the image has been liked by 370,000 users and shared 45,000 times.
steven pienaar has made just 11 appearances for everton this season due to groin and knee injuries. the 33-year-old midfielder has considered retirement at one point. pien aar has been dogged by groin and knees injuries this season. the midfielder has admitted he considered retirement during his injury-ravaged season.
more and more women are demanding their own'she sheds' - places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own. women are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts to gypsy caravans. the wooden buildings are being decked out with moroccan rugs and chandeliers.
the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and at target stores on sunday morning. more than 30,000 pieces have been listed for resale on ebay, many at higher price points. mrs pulitzer's own daughter liza was unable to purchase any of the items. the late designer's granddaughter, lilly leas, managed to buy a hammock.
danny welbeck talks to martin keown ahead of arsenal's fa cup semi-final against reading. the striker says he has settled in well at arsenal and is enjoying his time at the club. welbeck says he prefers to play in a more central role, but has been unlucky in front of goal. arsenal face reading at wembley for the second year in a row in the fa cup.
chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league table. jose mourinho's side have announced a partnership with wellness solutions provider technogym. the club have kitted out their cobham training centre with state-of-the-art fitness equipment. eden hazard and nemanja matic have been pictured working out in the gym. manchester united visit chelsea at cobham on sunday.
radamel falcao spent thursday evening in the company of jonas gutierrez. newcastle united defender gutierrez underwent treatment for testicular cancer earlier this year. the manchester united striker has been on loan at old trafford this season. the colombia striker has only scored four goals in 22 appearances for the club.
celtic beat dundee 2-1 at den's park on wednesday night in the scottish premiership. virgil van dijk and paul mcginn scored for the hosts. celtic are eight points clear at the top of the table with five games to play. jim mcalister scored in the 87th minute to equalise for gary mackay-steven.
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in the $300million mega-fight on may 2 in las vegas. with just over two weeks to go until the bout, both boxers show off their toned bodies. mayweather is currently unbeaten in the ring, with a 47-0 record. the fight is billed as the biggest in the history of boxing.
commercial diver johnny debnam was free diving four metres beneath the ocean floor off the coast of western australia when he had a peaceful encounter with a stingray. the ray nibbled at his head as he lay still on the water. mr debnam says he was completely at ease with the ray. the stingray swam over him three times before he let all his air out. he was filming a mini documentary for his production company.
raymond van barneveld beat world no 1 michael van gerwen 7-3 in 'the battle of holland' robin van persie watched the bout on a camel tv. phil taylor beat dave chisnall and drew with stephen bunting. gary anderson fought back from 6-2 down to earn himself a draw against james wade.
barcelona won the champions league, la liga and the copa del rey in 2009. former defender eric abidal believes barcelona can win the treble this season. barcelona face bayern munich in the semi-finals of the champions league. abidal was speaking at the launch of the eric abidal foundation in barcelona.
sergio ramos opened the scoring for real madrid in the 24th-minute at the bernabeu. gareth bale went down injured after less than five minutes. luka modric and cristiano ronaldo were also substituted for carlo ancelotti's side. james rodriguez made it 2-0 before half-time. malaga pulled a goal back through juanmi in the 71st-minute. crismiano ronsaldo missed a penalty but scored a late goal to make it 3-1.
richie benaud's small private funeral was attended by close family and friends in sydney on wednesday. ex-players shane warne and ian chappell were among those in attendance at the service. benaud died last friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer. australian prime minister tony abbott extended the offer of a state funeral to benaut's wife daphne.
nacer chadli opened the scoring for tottenham after 30 minutes at st james' park. jack colback equalised for newcastle but christian eriksen and harry kane scored in the second half. newcastle suffered a sixth loss on the bounce as john carver's side fell to a 10th defeat in 14 league games.
divock origi signed for liverpool for £10million last summer before being loaned back to former club lille. belgium striker has scored nine goals during his season-long loan at french side. simon mignolet has been advising his compatriot about life at the club and in liverpool. the 20-year-old striker has received messages from members of the club's management team.
inverness defender josh meekings has been banned from the scottish cup final. he was charged for an unpunished handball against celtic in the semi-final on sunday. jim boyce says the suspension of a player for a handball is wrong. inverness are appealing the one-match suspension.
greece's football federation could be suspended from international competition over government interference. the government wants to crack down on violence at sports events. a proposed new set of regulations is opposed by fifa and uefa. football's governing bodies have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence.
sergio aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put manchester city 2-0 up against west ham at the etihad. west ham defender james collins put the home side ahead in the 18th minute with an own goal. manuel pellegrini's side have now won three of their last nine games in the premier league.
david moyes was sacked as manchester united manager exactly a year ago. louis van gaal has taken the club back into the top four after a dismal season. moyedes was in charge of a team that finished seventh in the premier league last season. united lost seven of their 19 league games at old trafford .
carlo ancelotti and diego simeone were runners-up at the ballon d'or in january. real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league semi-final first leg on sunday. carlo reportedly told diego that life in madrid would be easier if atletico weren't around. real have struggled against atletico in recent years and were beaten 4-0 in la liga in february.
a 4wd has burst into flames in the middle of sydney airport's busy international terminal car park. the outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on thursday. the red 4wd was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived. the fire caused traffic delays throughout the international terminal due to thick smoke.
the 50-year-old man collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of kuta in bali on wednesday. he was holidaying with a friend and was ordering breakfast at a rooftop restaurant. he told a waitress that he was not feeling well and then collapsed to the floor. he could not be revived and a doctor at the scene said it was likely he died of a heart attack. it's believed that the man is from seymour in victoria and was from seymour.
baggage pushers are used at airports all over the world to separate luggage. the video shows a mechanical arm thrusting luggage onto a different conveyor belt. it is not known where the video was taken, but believed to be at an airport. the machine is used to separate bags on the conveyor belts at airports.
tegan peters, 22, from auckland new zealand found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in ti rakau park, south of auckland. she was ‘shocked’ and ‘disgusted’ to find a ball that she thinks was purpose designed to harm animals or children. there were 20 needles in the tennis ball. ms peters shared it with animal welfare pages in the area to alert people of the 'dangerous' ball. she walks her dog odin in the same park she made the discovery.
michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup, zayla. she's then handed another fry - but this time she breaks it in half to make it last longer.
insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they are away. holidaymakers who announce they are going on holiday online could find insurer refusing to pay out. most firms include'reasonable care' clause in contracts and are now using against people who advertise breaks online.
warren sapp was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault in february. he was arrested the night after the super bowl in phoenix, arizona, on a prostitution charge. britney osbourne, 23, and quying boyd, 34, were both arrested along with sapp. in a police video released on monday, sapp, 42, cries, cackles and confesses during his prostitution arrest.
paul warren smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white marshall independent school district van seen in surveillance video tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the humane society of harrison county's the pet place in marshall, texas. all five puppies are healthy and uninjured. smith was taken into custody monday morning and charged with cruelty to animals.
holidaymakers on delayed flight from madrid to manchester had been due to land at 11.25pm on friday. passengers disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at manchester airport. they were not asked for documents but were allowed to walk through deserted passport control unchecked. uk border force claim that a number of passengers were checked by officers on arrival at the airport. but airport said its system 'operated as normal on the night in question'
tory leader hit back at presenter andrew marr, after being left baffled by questions on sunday. marr claimed pm said his favourite sport was fox hunting in countryside alliance magazine interview. but mr cameron later admitted he made a mistake, but insisted it was a 'cock up not conspiracy'   cameron turned the clock back to ape john major’s election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address party faithful. but he was heckled by someone claiming ‘the nhs is dying’ as he addressed activists in calder valley.
videoed outside by its owner tracy, the young german shepherd named kali bounces about the decking playfully. its adopted mother watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor. the puppy makes a lunge for its toy bone but its mother pushes it down with her paw.
man, who has not been named, fell onto tracks in washington, d.c., metro system tuesday afternoon. he was pulled up from electrified tracks by two men who leaped down after him. the man only had minor face injuries after falling onto the platform.
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden on sunday. virgil van dijk wants his side to bounce back and win the spl title. celtic manager ronny deila had targeted the treble in his first season. the hoops are eight points clear at the top of the league.
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season and is the championship's player of the year. he hopes to become chelsea's answer to harry kane next season. the striker insists he wants to fight for his place at stamford bridge.
traffic had started to build up on the m58 around switch island in merseyside when a silver mercedes attempted to undertake the traffic jam. but a renault driver pulled into the inside lane to block the mercedes from moving forwards. the incident was captured on a dashcam by a passing motorist.
porto lost 6-1 to bayern munich in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday night. porto were beaten 7-4 on aggregate at the allianz arena. the squad were given a hero's welcome as they returned to portugal. fans mobbed the team bus congratulating them on their champions league run.
raheem sterling was filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack'   the 20-year-old was also caught smoking a shisha pipe on sunday. sterling scored the opening goal in liverpool's 2-0 victory over newcastle united.
chelsea and manchester city are interested in signing atletico paranaense attacking midfielder nathan. the 19-year-old has been in contract dispute with his club. nathan would join fellow brazilians willian, ramires, filipe luis and oscar at stamford bridge.
ron aydelott, head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack. the 17-year-old student was charged with aggravated assault. the boy was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team.
the 20-day-old kid was born with four forelegs and two hind legs at a farm in eastern china. it is growing quickly and is one of the most playful animals on the farm. the kid is named the'spider goat' by chinese web users.
nice forward alassane plea is a former lyon trainee and france international. former blackburn defender bryan dabo is also on tony pulis' radar ahead of the summer transfer window. plea has scored three goals for montpellier this season.
sergey burkaev, 16, and konstantin surkov, 17, accused of murder and rape at party in bashkortostan, russia. they are said to have stabbed a third victim to death after arguing about mobile phones. then killed four other girls and set five bodies on fire at a flat in south-west russia . police say the pair fled in a'stolen car' but were arrested after being stopped by traffic officers.
manchester city midfielder james milner will make a decision on his future at the end of the season. milner's present deal expires at the etihad stadium in june. the england midfielder has interest from liverpool and brendan rodgers. but milner is frustrated by reports that he has already outlined a move to anfield.
juventus want to sign psg striker edinson cavani according to italian newspaper corriere dello sport. manchester united also hold an interest in the uruguayan striker. cavani's agent says his client is most likely to move to england or spain this summer.   cavani has admitted that he is concerned about playing out of position under laurent blanc.
felipe anderson set up lazio's winning goal against napoli in coppa italia semi-final second leg. manchester united were watching anderson at the san paolo stadium. the brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from manchester, manchester city, arsenal and liverpool. napoli striker gonzalo higuain is unsettled at napoli with rafa benitez set to leave the club.
andre gomes has been linked with a move to premier league duo manchester united and chelsea. the 21-year-old insists he wants to stay at valencia this summer. the portuguese midfielder has scored four goals in 25 la liga appearances.
memphis depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games for psv eindhoven this season. manchester united target looks set to leave the club during the summer transfer window. psv director marcel brands admits there is a high chance the dutch international will leave. depay worked under louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup.
marc tierney fractured his ankle playing against yeovil in september 2013. the left-back was forced to retire after a series of operations on the ankle. the 29-year-old is poised to announce his retirement on thursday. tierney joined bolton wanderers from norwich in 2013.
oribe peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn america a draw against the montreal impact in the first leg of the concacaf champions league final. argentine striker ignacio piatti had opened the scoring for montreal. america are bidding to win their fifth championship and their first since 2006. nigel reo-coker captained the impact to a credible draw against america.
fc tokyo president naoki ogane claims chelsea have made a bid for japan international yoshinori muto. the 22-year-old forward has scored three goals in four games for the j-league side this season. muto admits it is an 'honour' to receive an offer from stamford bridge. the forward has not yet decided to join the premier league club this summer. he will join vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he moves to west london.
martin skrtel has been linked with a summer switch to wolfsburg and napoli. the 30-year-old defender has rejected rumours linking him with a move away from liverpool. the slovakia international has made over 200 league appearances for the reds since 2008. his contract at liverpool is due to expire in 2016.
women typically take and delete five pictures before they decide they like a selfie. men are happy only on their fourth try. two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken. looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves. itv's good morning britain show is encouraging viewers to share the first selfie.
siem de jong played 72 minutes for the club's under-21s on tuesday. the dutchman has only made one league start for newcastle this season. newcastle face swansea at st james' park on saturday in the premier league. the 26-year-old hopes to be part of the bench for john carver's side. he has been out for eight months with a collapsed lung.
retired policeman spencer bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to the motorway after a man fell from a bridge in january last year. as he tended victim alan tretheway, 67, he was struck by a toyota driven by mother-of-three iram shahzad. she was spared prison sentence after admitting causing his death by careless driving.
abou diaby's contract expires at the end of the season. the 28-year-old has suffered 42 injuries and has only made 22 appearances in four seasons for the gunners. arsene wenger is close to the midfielder and wants to help him get his career back on track. the midfielder will be allowed to use the training facilities at arsenal even if he does not stay.
gloucestershire police were called to the incident on an unregistered road between the a417 and cowley in gloucesterhire. officers tweeted a picture of the lorry's roof suspended between a hedge and a tree to warn other drivers. police are considering pursuing the driver for a driving offence.
david silva was caught in the face by an elbow from cheikhou kouyate during man city's win over west ham. the spaniard was taken off on a stretcher and taken to hospital. tests have confirmed he suffered no fractures but will be monitored closely this week. manuel pellegrini's side will assess whether silva can play at the weekend.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has come under-fire after a disappointing third season. the reds were dumped out of the fa cup semi-finals by aston villa on sunday. ex-kop striker stan collymore believes rodgers is the right man to take the club forward.
david silva was injured after being caught in the face by an elbow from west ham's cheikhou kouyate on sunday. the manchester city playmaker required eight minutes of treatment and was taken to hospital. tests revealed that silva had not suffered a fracture. the 29-year-old returned to training with the club on tuesday.
aston villa and reading failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch after fa cup quarter-final wins. both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge. villa fans invaded the pitch at villa park after they beat west brom and bradford. reading fans also invaded the pitches after the royals' 3-0 win against bradfords.
tomas berdych defeated gael monfis 6-1, 6-4 to reach the final of the monte carlo masters for the first time. the sixth-seed will face either rafael nadal or novak djokovic in the final. monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set against the czech.
jeremy 'j flash' nichols gives a mock interview as manny pacquiao. he makes fun of the filipino's faith, singing and claims his mother uses voodoo. floyd mayweather jnr's sparring partner is preparing for a $300million mega-fight. mayweather takes on mannypacquiao in las vegas on may 2.
frankie dettori is to focus on the british flat season and not be picked to ride in france this summer. sheik joaan al thani signed up gregory benoist to ride the horses under the al shaqab banner. thierry jarnet will continue to ride treve. ap mccoy was unplaced at his last ride at cheltenham but rides in the scottish national.
saracens lost to clermont in the second european final at the stade geoffroy-guichard. mark mccall's side were the better side and should not be ashamed of the defeat. saracens face northampton in the aviva premiership final on saturday.
kevin pietersen scored 170 in his first match for surrey this season but scored just 19 against glamorgan. former england captain mike gatting believes pieterson should not walk straight back into the international set-up. gary ballance scored a century in the first test against west indies. alastair cook is yet to score a test century this summer.
devendra bishoo will play for west indies in the second test against england. leg-spinner will play on tuesday at the national stadium in grenada. bowler is in superb form for guyana and has taken 37 wickets in his last five matches.
no tourists have played in pakistan since the terrorist attack on sri lanka's team bus in march 2009. zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month. the tour is likely to take place in lahore and karachi.
stephen curry scored 34 points as the golden state warriors beat new orleans in game one of their play-off series. curry scored 11 first quarter points as golden state built a 15-point lead. washington beat toronto in overtime as paul pierce top-scored with 20 points for the wizards.
mark mccall's side face clermont in a repeat of last year's european cup semi-final at saint-etienne's stade geoffroy-guichard on saturday. england centre brad barritt will captain saracens. owen farrell has been named on the bench for the big clash.
alastair cook is yet to score a test century for 33 innings since may 2013. cook is unbeaten in four tests for england. cook has scored more test centuries than any other englishman. the captain is not concerned about his failure to hit a hundred since antigua. cook remains england's leading century maker.
barry hearn has dismissed rumours the betfred world championship will leave sheffield. this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker's most prestigious tournament. china has expressed interest in hosting the event at the crucible theatre. hearn is close to extending deals with sheffield city council and bbc.
scott sinclair is currently on loan at aston villa from manchester city. the winger wants to sign permanently at the end of the season. sinclair has scored three goals in 10 games for villa. joe cole believes villa can beat arsenal in the fa cup final in may.
danny ings insists he is aiming to play and develop wherever he ends up next season. ings is a target for manchester united and liverpool. the burnley striker has scored nine premier league goals this season. the 22-year-old has also been linked with moves to borussia monchengladbach and real sociedad.
british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas. the 29-year-old and her horse valegro recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of edward gal.
sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton u21s beat blackburn rovers 2-1 in the under-21 premier league cup final. ronald koeman was in the crowd at st mary's and gallagher hopes he impressed him. the 19-year-old striker has had an injury-hit season this season.
fernando torres played with steven gerrard at liverpool for three-and-a-half years. the on-loan atletico madrid striker became good friends with the former england captain. the 31-year-old has struggled for form since leaving the club and has only scored four goals for atletico.
qpr fans harry childs, jack hutchins, dean foreman and bradley pack were sentenced for affray on friday. quartet were involved in violent disorder outside a west london pub last year. incident occurred after a 3-3 draw between qpr and burnley at loftus road in february 2014. all four men were jailed for football-related disorder for their involvement in the incident.
jonas gutierrez was dropped from squad for sunday's defeat by tottenham after row with john carver. the newcastle midfielder was not named in the squad for the 3-1 defeat. the 31-year-old is set to be released at the end of the season after seven years at the club. gutierrez has twice beaten testicular cancer.
jermain defoe posted a photo on instagram showing him enjoying a game of basketball. sunderland are in the premier league relegation battle and sit only three points above the drop zone. the black cats fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against crystal palace in their last match. the former spurs forward has scored just three goals in 11 league appearances.
yannick bolasie scored a hat-trick in the second-half to help crystal palace to victory at home. glenn murray opened the scoring for crystal palace in the 48th minute at the stadium of light. sunderland boss dick advocaat's side conceded four goals for the fourth time this season. the home side have now lost the four matches immediately after their tyne-wear derby victories.
dick advocaat has concerns about the physical strength of sunderland's players. the black cats are three points above the relegation zone and are two places and three points behind crystal palace.sunderland were beaten 4-1 by crystal palace on saturday and have won just one in nine.
nelson oliveira is on-loan at swansea from benfica and is expected to start against leicester on saturday. the striker is set to make only the second premier league start of his career. bafetimbi gomis is out for three to four weeks with hamstring injury. oliveira has recovered from a training-ground ankle injury and is hoping to take his chance.
sepp blatter said russia will host the best world cup in the tournament's history in 2018. fifa president met russia president valdimir putin on a world cup visit on monday. blatter is expecting a 'wonderful' event at the 2018 world cup.
manchester city sporting director txiki begiristain has watched porto's yacine brahimi and alex sandro. manuel pellegrini is looking to revamp his squad for the summer transfer window. city also want wolfsburg's former chelsea midfielder kevin de bruyne.
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has been rescued by the kids this season, says harry redknapp. former qpr boss says tottenham have not made any progress this season. spurs currently occupy a place in the top six of the premier league. redkapp was also critical of the club's recruitment policy after selling gareth bale.
martin odegaard was refused a rating by spanish newspaper as for his performance for real madrid's b-team castilla. the 16-year-old wonderkid was dropped by manager zinedine zidane. the norway international was substituted after 65 minutes against tudelano. he cost £2.3million and is understood to be on £40,000 per week.
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in champions league second leg at the allianz arena. pep guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game. kurier report on a 'fixed' bayern after beating porto. abola report on porto's 'terror in munich' after the defeat.
former premier league referee mark halsey has slammed the fa's decision to overlook mark clattenburg for the fa cup final on may 30. jon moss will take charge of the final between aston villa and arsenal at wembley. halsey has called the decision 'a joke' and said the english game would be a 'laughing stock' over the decision.
florin andone has scored six goals in 16 games for cordoba. the 22-year-old striker has earned a call up for romania. tim sherwood is looking to bolster his squad ataston villa. tom carroll is also a potential target for the former tottenham boss.
tottenham striker harry kane scored his 30th goal of the season in 3-1 win over newcastle on sunday. mauricio pochettino believes kane has 'big potential' to improve further. kane became the first spurs player since gary lineker to reach the 30-mark. john carver's side lost 6-1 to newcastle at st james' park .
dele alli has set his sights on playing for england under 20s at the toulon tournament next month. the 19-year-old joined tottenham hotspur from mk dons for £5m in january. the midfielder has impressed for milton keynes dons this season. alli was named football league young player of the year at the football league awards on sunday.
carles n'zogbia turned up for training wearing a flowery outfit at aston villa on tuesday. tim sherwood ridiculed the frenchman's choice of attire on twitter. shay given was not a fan of the outfit and called it 'the worst ever'    the villa boss has featured regularly under sherwood since his appointment in february.
cistiano ronaldo returned to real madrid's valdebebas training ground after the international break. carlo ancelotti's squad took part in their first training session since losing el clasico to barcelona. portugal star was pictured greeting gareth bale and luka modric. real host 19th-placed celta vigo at the bernabeu on sunday morning.
charllie pye applied for the aston villa job after paul lambert was sacked in february. tim sherwood was pipped to the job by the 6-year-old fan. sherwood wrote a letter to charlie congratulating him on his credentials. the youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus.
per mertesacker will not allow arsenal to become complacent in fa cup semi-final against reading. arsene wenger's side face championship club reading at wembley on saturday. the gunners won the fa cup last season and are second in the premier league. the german believes arsenal have become a stronger team after winning the competition.
premier league and fa cup semi-finals take place on saturday and sunday. crystal palace host west bromwich albion at crystal palace. manchester city face west ham united in the premier league at 1.30pm. newcastle united face tottenham hotspur in the fa cup.
martin odegaard signed for real madrid in a £2.3m deal from stromsgodset in january. the 16-year-old has been dropped from the b-team castilla side. zinedine zidane wants to secure promotion to the second division. the norwegian is said to be on a different wavelength to his castilla team-mates. if castilla fail to go up to second division then he will be loaned out.
per mertesacker says jurgen k klopp would be a top manager in the premier league. klopp has announced he will be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season. the german manager has won the bundesliga title twice at dortmund. manchester united and arsenal have been linked with the 47-year-old.
brazilian star oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since january. the 23-year-old has been linked with a move away from stamford bridge. but oscar says he is happy at the club and won't be leaving in the summer. jose mourinho's side currently lead the premier league by seven points.
marvin hagler believes floyd mayweather lacks class and does not act in the manner befitting a champion. mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world and is known for his ostentatious displays of wealth on social media. haglers believes mayweather can put people to sleep with his performances. he was speaking on the 30th anniversary of his fight with thomas hearns.
david seaman says the save against sheffield united at old trafford was the best one he ever made. arsene wenger's men face reading in the fa cup semi-final on tuesday night. the former arsenal keeper says it tops his penalty heroics for england at euro 96. seaman has warned his former side not to underestimate reading.
former super-middleweight champion joe calzaghe was on holiday with his girlfriend lucy in barbados. the couple enjoyed a jet-ski session before a downpour of rain interrupted their fun. calzag he retired from boxing seven years ago after 46 professional fights.
manchester united manager louis van gaal wants to sign danny ings this summer. ings is a top target for manchester united and could move to old trafford. robin van persie and radamel falcao's futures are uncertain. united are also interested in signing memphis depay, nathaniel clyne and mats hummels.
manny pacquiao wrote and sang his own walk-out tune ahead of his mega-fight with floyd mayweather jnr. the boxing champion wrote and directed the music video for 'lalaban ako para sa filipino'   the tune translates as 'i will fight for the fillipino', and will be played ahead of the $300m showdown on may 2 in las vegas.
michael van gerwen beat raymond van barneveld 7-2 at old trafford last week to stay undefeated in premier league darts. world no 1 van gerwen faces manchester united's gary anderson on thursday. defeat by gary   could spell elimination for the veteran four-time world championship winner.
phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against dave chisnall in premier league darts clash. raymond van barneveld survived elimination on 'judgement night' with a 6-6 draw against gary anderson. michael van gerwen continued his unbeaten record as he swept past james wade.
daily telegraph in australia had a special tribute edition to richie benaud on saturday. the former australian captain and iconic cricket commentator died on friday aged 84. benaud played in 63 tests, 28 as captain, and was a pioneering leg-spin bowler.
adam federici's error in extra time cost reading the fa cup semi-final against arsenal. alexis sanchez's shot squirmed through his legs and over the line in the 106th minute of the game. reading keeper federici left the field in tears and was inconsolable after the error. reading goalkeeper federici had been in superb form to keep the game level at 1-1 in the first half of extra time.
ian bell hit his 22nd test century to rescue england after a top-order collapse in the first test in antigua. jonathan trott was dismissed for a three-ball duck in the opening over of the day.    bell and joe root put on 177 for the fourth wicket after england's top order collapsed . west indies captain alastair cook was bowled by kemar roach for 11 runs in the final session.
radamel falcao moved to manchester united on a season-long loan last summer. the striker has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a knee injury. nabil dirar believes the colombian must be regretting his failed loan move to old trafford. dirar saysfalcao was not happy in monaco and would have been better off staying at monaco.
john carver has asked for advice from former newcastle managers alan shearer and alan pardew. newcastle fans are planning to protest against owner mike ashley at home to spurs on sunday. fans plan to boycott the next home game with spurs for a perceived lack of ambition.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers will remind raheem sterling of his responsibilities after his recent controversies. sterling scored the opener in a 2-0 win over newcastle united at anfield on monday night. the 20-year-old was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe. rodgers said that sterling's behaviour will be dealt with internally and that he will speak to him.
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the etihad stadium. james collins scored an own goal and sergio aguero scored his 20th premier league goal of the season. frank lampard started his fifth premier league game for manchester city.
newcastle united fans refused to enter st james' park in protest at owner mike ashley's running of the club. protest group ashleyout.com had urged fans to boycott the game against spurs. sunderland fans rented a plane and banner to fly over the stadium to boast about their derby wins.
manchester city face west ham at the etihad stadium on sunday. winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from a fear of facing manchester city. city had won their last five games against west ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1 - before suffering only their second league defeat of the season at upton park in october. reid signed a new six-year deal with west ham this year.
real madrid manager carlo ancelotti will remain in charge at the santiago bernabeu next season. barcelona, real, atletico madrid and valencia all play within six hours of each other in la liga on saturday. massimiliano allegri tells juventus players to 'get rid of the ghosts'   luis enrique has called on the home supporters to make the camp nou 'tremble' ahead of malaga match.
rafa benitez was made chelsea interim manager in 2012 but the fans never warmed to him. he was given a frosty reception at stamford bridge. rafa is set to leave napoli this summer and could return to the premier league. he knows english football inside out and would be perfect for several clubs.
yaya toure's agent dimitri seluk has called manchester city boss manuel pellegrini a 'weak manager'    seluks has criticised the club's chief executive ferran soriano and director of football txiki begiristain. he said it was wrong to criticise toure and blamed the manager and executives.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge in the premier league on saturday. jose mourinho's side held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match.    the blues extended their lead at the top of the table to 10 points after the win.
real madrid have been linked with a summer move for stoke keeper asmir begovic. mark hughes has played down reports of begovic leaving the club. begovic is out of contract at stoke and is expected to sign a new deal. stoke host southampton at home on saturday in the premier league.
luis suarez scored his second goal of the game after 67 minutes to make it 3-0 to barcelona. the uruguayan scored a stunning goal to put the game beyond paris saint-germain. neymar opened the scoring for barcelona in the 18th minute with a brilliant strike. suarez added a second goal for the catalans in the 67th minute to make the score 3-1 to the visitors. paris st-germa scored a late consolation goal through salvatore sirigu but it was not enough to progress.
barcelona president josep maria bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with luis enrique. barcelona manager only took charge at the club last summer and has impressed. enrique has no plans to be replaced in the summer. barca beat valencia 2-0 at the nou camp on saturday.
cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid against rayo vallecano on april 8. the portuguese striker only needed 288 games to reach the landmark figure for the club. real mad madrid club president florentino perez presented ronaldo with a special shirt. french striker karim benzema will miss real's clash against malaga on saturday with a knee injury.
lionel messi has a place at barcelona until 'he decides to retire', claims club president josep maria bartomeu. the argentine forward was linked with a move away from the club earlier this year. messi scored his 400th goal for barcelona against valencia on saturday.
monaco vice-president vadim vasilyev claims manchester united bosses have yet to decide whether to sign radamel falcao on a permanent deal. colombia striker joined united on a one-year loan deal in september but has failed to shine at old trafford.    united are keeping their options open and have the opportunity to talk to the striker at the end of the season.
monaco host juventus at the stade louis ii in champions league quarter-finals on wednesday. leonardo jardim insists he is proud after his side reached the last eight without big investment. monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after losing to juventus in the first leg in turin.
manny pacquiao's conference call about his fight with floyd mayweather jnr was cancelled due to technical difficulties. the filipino could only answer one question due to the cancellation. a spokesman blamed the cancellation on the large number of boxing writers and broadcasters on the call. mayweather is due to have his own conference call on wednesday.
jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at liverpool. the midfielder's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020. liverpool vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract. he could replace steven gerrard as liverpool captain when he leaves this summer.
rafa benitez tried to sign andre schurrle before he joined wolfsburg in january. the former chelsea boss won the europa league as blues boss in 2013. napoli travel to wolfsburg for the quarter-final of the competition in wolfsburg on thursday.   napoli manager also admitted to trying to sign ivan perisic and luiz gustavo.
luis suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona since joining the club this season. brazilian ace neymar kneeed the uruguayan striker where it hurts during a barcelona training session. earlier this week, suarez admitted he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside neymar at barcelona.
werder bremen beat bottom club hamburg sv 1-0 in the northern derby. franco di santo scored an 84th-minute penalty to keep their europa league hopes alive. hamburg are bottom of the bundesliga on 25 points with five games to play. new coach bruno labbadia has been tasked with saving hamburg's record.
arsenal manager arsene wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' to beat reading 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final. alexis sanchez scored the winning goal in extra time after adam federici's error. federici let the ball roll through his legs and over the line in the 106th minute of extra time. reading goalkeeper federici was distraught after the goal.
divock origi was voted the second most overrated player in ligue 1 in a poll by france football. the 19-year-old joined liverpool after the world cup but was loaned back to lille this season. simon mignolet has backed belgian striker to be a success at liverpool next season.
jose mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in premier league history. the chelsea boss has kept 101 clean sheets from 189 premier league matches. mourino also heads the list of managers with the lowest average of goals conceded per game. sir alex ferguson and arsene wenger also have impressive defensive records.
the 38-year-old boxer has shared a 15-second video on his instagram account showing off his extravagant lifestyle. video shows off diamond-encrusted watches, fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash. video was shot by director james 'jp' dayap, a member of mayweather's money team brand. five-division champion hits back at his supposed 'haters' ahead of bout with manny pacquiao next month.
atletico madrid are in talks to sign palermo's paulo dybala, according to reports in spain. porto coach julen lopetegui is linked with the real madrid job. real boss carlo ancelotti has upset isco by telling him to be more defensive. barcelona are favourites to win the champions league.
manchester city have 'let themselves down' this season, says premier league champions goalkeeper joe hart. manuel pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the league, 12 points behind chelsea. hart and team-mates have had 'honest conversations' since 4-2 defeat at manchester united.
anderson silva will meet with brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year's olympics. mixed martial arts fighter is currently suspended by ufc after failing drug tests. the 40-year-old is currently facing a possible doping ban. silva has expressed his desire to represent brazil in the 2016 games.
ap mccoy rode don cossack to victory in the melling chase race at aintree on friday. irishman gordon elliott trains cause of causes and is preparing for his final grand national on saturday. eastlake was pulled up in the topham chase.
juventus have made a move for paulo dybala, according to reports in italy. manchester united and arsenal have also been linked with the palermo striker. real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 while barcelona beat almeria 4-0 in la liga. cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for the club on wednesday.
andy flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ecb. former england team director is now running the england cricket academy at loughborough. kevin pietersen is back playing cricket for surrey. andrew strauss is a front-runner to become director of england cricket. sepp blatter's smooth procession to a fifth term continues.
bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has served the club for almost 40 years. the 72-year-old is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at bayern for years. he has quit in the fall-out of their shock champions league defeat by porto . his son kilian, peter ueblacker and lutz hansel have also resigned from the german champions. pep guardiola said 'the bond of trust is damaged' after the 3-1 first-leg defeat in porto.
ander herrera has played down comparisons with paul scholes. the manchester united midfielder said 'there will never be another'    scholes scored 107 goals in 499 games for united. herrera's favourite goal for united came against yeovil in the fa cup third round.
eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships. the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council. eugene failed in its bid to host the 2019 event and was instead awarded to doha.
jessica ennis-hill will compete against katarina johnson-thompson at the great city games in manchester in may. the heptathlete will return to the track nine months after the birth of her son reggie. the 29-year-old admits juggling motherhood with her olympic aspirations poses a big challenge.  ennis-hill has struggled to balance the demands of being a mother with returning to fitness.
liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target memphis depay. liverpool hope to convince 21-year-old depay that he would get more regular football with them. psv eindhoven value depay at £25million and have made enquiries for the holland international. ed van steijn believes depay could one day rival cristiano ronaldo.
tatyana chernova failed a drugs test two years before beating jessica ennis-hill at the world championships in 2011. the russian champion was banned but allowed to keep her world title. ennis hill has written to the iaaf to ask to be rewarded with world championship gold from 2011. she believes it is unfair that chernovova was banned and kept her title.
mario mandzukic is still bruised from champions league quarter-final first leg clash with real madrid. croatian striker suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by sergio ramos. but manager diego simeone says he should be fit for the second leg on wednesday. atletico madrid drew 0-0 at the calderon in the bernabeu.
real madrid face city rivals atletico madrid in the second leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday night. carlo ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio luka modric, gareth bale and karim benzema. real boss could start isco, jese and javier hernandez in the absence of the trio. the italian manager has hailed his players as the best in the world.
real madrid face rivals atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final second leg on wednesday. carlo ancelotti's side drew 0-0 at home in the first leg of the tie last week. dani carvajal, isco, sergio ramos and nacho looked in high spirits during training. karim benzema will miss the clash through injury.
traveller alex elenes went on a trip to see the amazon rainforest with his cousin roxy de la rosa. but he missed the whole thing as he slept through the entire trip. he even missed a trip piranha fishing and a pink dolphin watching tour. the trip cost upwards of £1,000 ($1,600) and he missed out on the jungle trek.
jessica carey had her husband aaron carey tattoo a childhood portrait of her grandmother patty lawing on her forearm. she drove three hours to see her grandmother and surprised her with the tattoo. patty's reaction to the tattoo was captured on film by a relative. she was overcome with emotion at the tattoo and shouted 'oh my god'
adam johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming. johnson scored seven goals in seven games for sunderland last season. he was considered a prospect for roy hodgson as recently as a year ago. the manchester city winger has scored five goals from 31 appearances this season.
aston villa could sign cordoba striker florin andone for as little as £2.5million. the romanian has scored six goals in 17 games for the struggling spanish side this season. cordoba are poised to be relegated and need to raise funds.
shaheen pirouz from denton, texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards. footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close. he was filmed by a friend of the filmer.
match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner gordon aikman in his fight against the terminal condition. labour's football-mad scottish leader jim murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the tories in edinburgh. labour leader ed miliband said the shoot-out was 'not the first time conservatives have been put on the spot'
ronald koeman spoke to victor wanyama to refocus his players on european qualification. southampton face former boss mauricio pochettino at tottenham on saturday. koeman says his players must remain focused on the last five league games. there has been speculation about the futures of wanyamas and nathaniel clyne.
inverness defender josh meekings has been cleared to play in the scottish cup final. sfa panel dismissed a charge of deliberate handball against celtic in the semi-final. the defender was not sent off and no penalty was given for the incident. the charge was dismissed by a three-man judicial panel.
manchester city accused of trying to relocate disabled fans by hiking up season ticket prices by 283 per cent. premier league champions have increased prices of some season tickets by £345 to £975. some disabled fans claim club are trying to force migration to other parts of the stadium. club have increased season tickets for able-bodied fans from £870 to £1,700.
blackpool fan frank knight was sued by the oyston family for alleged defamatory comments on his facebook page. fans have raised close to £15,000 for the pensioner in under three days. knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the club. a fellow blackpool fan has also started a fundraising page for knight.
juventus beat lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear at the top of serie a. carlos tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken. lionel messi scored a late winner for barcelona against valencia in la liga. paris saint-germain went top of ligue 1 after beating nice 3-1.
daniel sturridge met up with comedian darren farley ahead of liverpool's fa cup semi-final against aston villa. the reds face villa at wembley on sunday. daniel was left in stitches by farley's impression of michael owen as part of a promotional video for bt sport. the striker is a major doubt to feature in the game.
cristiano ronaldo has scored eight goals in the champions league this season. lionel messi also has eight, but luiz adriano has scored nine in europe. real madrid and barcelona have reached the semi-finals of the competition.
kurt zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role for chelsea against manchester united. jose mourinho asked the 20-year-old to stop marouane fellaini from continuing his good form. mour mourinho's side won 1-0 at stamford bridge in the premier league. the former saint-etienne man was man-marked by manchester's star man.
zinedine zidane says eden hazard excites him more than cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi. hazard has signed a new five-year deal at stamford bridge. the real madrid reserve boss has revealed his admiration for the belgian.
manchester united missed out on the champions league last season for the first time in 19 years. but six players from old trafford are in the final four of the competition. patrice evra, javier hernandez, cristiano ronaldo, carlos tevez, paul pogba and gerard pique are all in the semi-finals.    united's david moyes left the club at the end of the season and is currently on loan at real madrid.
chelsea midfielder oscar hopes that winning the premier league title can kick-start a period of dominance in england. jose mourinho's side are 10 points clear of second-placed arsenal at the top of the league. arsenal have won eight matches in a row in the league and travel to chelsea on sunday.
on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at old trafford for the fa cup final. it was the last football match to be played in england for four years. many soldiers were already wounded from war or in uniform for training. the match was christened the khaki cup final by the national football museum. sheffield united beat chelsea 3-0 in the final at the home of manchester united.
qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth world cup stadium, the al rayyan stadium. the 40,000-seater ground is inspired by sand dunes and will be built in 'the gateway to the desert'   the stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the 2022 tournament in 2022.
john hughes was ready to walk away from his post at inverness after josh meekings was cleared to play in the scottish cup final. the caley thistle boss was sick of the controversy surrounding the defender. hughes set off on a bike ride after learning of the incident. only messages of support from footballing friends brought him back from the brink of quitting.
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney. he was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down. acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing.
jordan henderson has signed a new five-year contract with liverpool until 2020. the midfielder could be handed the captain's armband when steven gerrard leaves at the end of the season. he was nearly leaving liverpool in summer of 2012. brendan rodgers hopes other liverpool players will follow his lead and sign new deals. heanderson arrived from sunderland in a £16million deal in 2011.
mila kunis is to counter-sue the woman who is suing her for stealing her chicken 25 years ago. kristina karo claims she was a seven-year-old friend of mila's and accused her of the crime. the actress and her fiance ashton kutcher posted a tongue-in-cheek video claiming she will file a lawsuit for watching her music video . kun is currently being sued for $5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend. the woman claims she suffered emotional trauma when a seven year-old mila stole her pet chicken.
terri hernandez is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son's murder trial. terri says she grew close to the mother of odin lloyd over the course of the trial and even thought about her after the verdict. odin was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole .
the video was filmed in moon park, odessa, ukraine, and has gone viral on social media. film-makers hide in the bushes while the 'vampire girl' pranks late-night walkers. some of the victims have been tracked down after the video went viral.
san bernardino county has approved a $650,000 settlement to avoid a lawsuit from 30-year-old francis pusok after his beating by deputies after a horse chase was captured on video. pusok's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe.
jonathan pitre was born with epidermolysis bullosa - or 'butterfly skin' - and has a life expectancy of 25. one in every 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition. he is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal. he can even feel pain when he is asleep but is trying to 'live in the moment'   he has turned his focus to sportscasting and has appeared as a sportscaster on tv shows.
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims. they then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. the brawl, involving students from benjamin franklin high school, spilled onto the tracks.
the 20,000 square foot mansion serves as the backdrop to the hit show empire. it took five years to build the house, which sits by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. the five bedroom, nine bathroom mansion is listed at $13 million, having failed to find a buyer. it is in the ritzy suburb of barrington.
california-based youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest. footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend plonks himself on top. the cat immediately gets up and scurries to another spot.
authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park, west of sydney, shortly after 11am on thursday. police found three men trapped inside a shipping container after timber fell on top of them. two men died at the scene and the surviving man was taken to fairfield hospital in a serious condition.
four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from dockweiler state beach. marine animal rescue managed to save another young sea lion shortly after the animal escaped several people said to be harassing it. though small pups are cute they can be very dangerous.
bayern munich manager pep guardiola split his pants during 6-1 victory over porto. he was wearing a tight-fitting grey suit by russell brand. other stars guilty of wearing a suit that is a little on the snug side include dermot o'leary and olly murs.
a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age during a question and answer session at the white house for their annual take our daughter's and son's to work day. when obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl yelled in amazement, 'you look too young'   michelle obama was so flattered by the compliment that she called her up on stage to give her a big hug.
tottenham forward harry kane wants to play for england at the european u21 championships. fa chairman greg dyke has revealed that kane has told england he wants to do so. tottenham boss mauricio pochettino would like kane to be rested at the end of his breakthrough season. kane is in superb form this season, scoring 30 goals for the club.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season. liverpool lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley last weekend. rodgers insists he is the right man to lead liverpool next season . adam lallana was back in training as liverpool prepare to take on west brom on saturday.
ronald koeman has praised the 'great job' of his predecessor mauricio pochettino at st mary's. the southampton boss is preparing for a'special' match against tottenham hotspur on saturday. koeman managed at the club between 2013 and 2014 before leaving for spurs. the saints boss says the game at white hart lane will be 'decided between the white lines'
spartak moscow were fined £2,500 after their supporters allegedly displayed a racist banner. spartak fans were banned from attending the club's next two away games. the club appealed against the sanctions but the appeal was rejected by the russian football union.
truck driver rear-ended by huge armoured vehicle in rush hour accident in china. pictures and videos of the dramatic collision have gone viral on chinese internet. it is being dubbed the 'craziest rear-end collision in the country'   it's unclear if this is a military tank but people inside the vehicle were wearing camouflage uniforms.
'first of its kind' equipment will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors. decision comes after israeli army considered more than 700 proposals to combat tunnel threat. it is thought the system will cost around £2.3million ($3.5m) per mile to install.
marouane fellaini has praised steven gerrard as the best passer he has played against at manchester united. the belgian was speaking in an official club interview for manutd. phil jagielka is the toughest tackler he has faced since leaving everton. wayne rooney is the best finisher he has shared a dressing-room with at united.
tottenham defender kyle walker injured his foot against burnley earlier this month. scans showed walker had not broken his foot but he faces another four weeks out. walker sustained the injury after a heavy collision with kieran trippier. the england international faces another month out of action.
jordon ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with liverpool by the end of the week. the 19-year-old spent the first half of this season on loan at derby county. ibe has impressed since returning to liverpool this season. he will sign the new deal which will keep him at anfield until 2020.
brendan rodgers is under pressure at liverpool after a third straight season without a trophy. jamie carragher has backed rodgers to stay at anfield after collecting a beacon award for his community work on merseyside. liverpool finished outside the top four and are seven points behind manchester city.
jack grealish is the third premier league starlet caught on camera apparently inhaling nitrous oxide. the 19-year-old starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday. the midfielder has been photographed inhaling from a balloon believed to be filled with laughing gas. grealishes is ready to commit his international future to england.
girl was walking home from music school when she was attacked by the lion in siberian village of namtsy. circus entertainers were walking the animal around using a makeshift leash. the nine-year-old girl is in hospital after she was savaged by the animal. the circus is believed to have abruptly left the village after the attack.
ciro immobile of dortmund has struggled in germany and is wanted by liverpool. manchester united and man city are also interested in the italy striker. spartak moscow want to rescue nemanja vidic from his nightmare spell at inter milan. alex mccarthy could be a target for man city after impressing at qpr.
andrea dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at harrods in knightsbridge on april 7. the 33-year-old defender will face no further action after being released by police. he was accused of stealing items from the knightsbridge store. the italian is now with league one strugglers leyton orient. liverpool paid £7million for the defender in 2008.
julian weigl has a buy-out clause of £2.5million for 1860 munich midfielder. the 19-year-old is attracting interest from several european clubs. juventus and borussia dortmund are also said to be interested in the germany starlet. tottenham are chasing the midfielder .
paris saint-germain owner nasser al-khelaifi has ruled out selling edinson cavani this summer. manchester united are considering a bid for the uruguayan striker. radamel falcao and robin van persie could both leave old trafford. cavani scored twice in the french league cup final against bastia.
nike's new kits for the us women's national team do not represent the american flag. nike's vice president charlie brooks has been forced to defend the decision. he says 'not every team pays homage to the flag'   the new designs will be worn at this summer's world cup and are a tribute to canada.
sir alex ferguson has spent his retirement devoting himself to a number of causes. the former manchester united boss has no 'obsessions' now. the 73-year-old says his life has slowed down since leaving the club in 2013. but he is still doing a lot of work for charities and foundations.
ronald koeman held a meeting with southampton's players to refocus their minds on european qualification. victor wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to arsenal. morgan schneiderlin, nathaniel clyne and jay rodriguez have been linked with a move away. koeman spoke to all of his players to focus on the last five premier league games. southampton face mauricio pochettino at home on saturday.
teresa bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old macaque monkey named angel. the video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with tweezers. owner then applies moisturising cream, eye-liner, mascara and red lipstick. the clip has been met with some concern from people who think it is cruel and cute.
paul doyle, 56, moved his family into an £820,000 home in altrincham, cheshire, despite having never worked. put down £200,000 deposit and obtained a £600,000 mortgage on the property. falsely claimed his wife jeanette, 49, worked as a company executive. he was jailed for 16 years after being unmasked as the head of drugs ring. doyle admitted supplying class a and b drugs, money laundering and benefit fraud offences.
rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players changed after gary deegan's challenge on gary irvine. pfa scotland chief executive fraser wishart believes the rules have gone too far. inverness defender josh meekings was cleared to play in the scottish cup semi-final.
qpr manager chris ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to loftus road. sam allardyce and eddie howe have been linked with ramsey's job in the summer. rangers are two points adrift of safety in the scottish premier league.
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden on sunday. josh meekings handled leigh griffiths' goal-bound header but none of the officials saw it. celtic centre backvirgil van dijk believes it was the worst refereeing decision of his career. the dutchman was sent off against inter milan in the champions league.
john carver and jonas gutierrez were involved in a training-ground bust-up last week. gutierrez was left out of the squad for newcastle united's defeat by spurs. carver says that he and gutierrez have shaken hands 'like two grown men' and moved on from the incident. newcastle travel to swansea on saturday in the premier league.
chris ramsey insists he's happy at queens park rangers and will stay at the club for as long as they want him. the 52-year-old was handed the manager's job until the end of the season. director of football les ferdinand wants ramsey to get the job on a permanent basis. ramsey could link up with friend tim sherwood at aston villa in the summer.
ferrari's kimi raikkonen finished first in friday's practice session for the bahrain grand prix. jenson button stalled his car during the practice session. lewis hamilton and nico rosberg finished 16th and 23rd respectively.
manny pacquiao says he has to be a warrior against floyd mayweather at the mgm grand on may 2. the $300m mega-fight in las vegas is billed as the biggest sporting event in history. the filipino says he will have to fight like it is the last fight of his life to beat the undefeated american.
trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide on the m6 near birmingham. footage was shot from a dashboard camera and shows the van driver abusing the car driver. the car was blocked in the slip road after the accident, blocking the road. the trucker was filmed swearing at the driver after the crash on sunday.
jonny may was dropped by england for the last three rounds of the rbs 6 nations. gloucester beat exeter 30-19 in the challenge cup final. may hopes to boost his world cup selection chances with victory in next month's final. the cherry and whites face edinburgh at twickenham.
justin rose was joint runner-up at the masters and pushed jordan speith all the way. the englishman is back training on his state-of-the-art indoor golf simulator. rose was pictured using his £30,000 simulator ahead of his next pga tour event.
belardo is more likely to head to the french 2,000 guineas rather than the british equivalent at newmarket. roger varian insists he has not lost faith in the 2014 dewhurst stakes winner. belardo beat only one home in saturday's greenham stakes.
ap mccoy finished fifth in the grand national, but will not ride in the coral scottish national at ayr. benvolio has withdrawn from the race. the 20-time champion will retire next week, but had been hoping for a final national success.
nico rosberg finished ahead of lewis hamilton in second practice for bahrain grand prix. hamilton was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from his team-mate gifted him first place. sebastian vettel finished fourth, with kimi raikkonen in third and jenson button 16th.
aaron cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee. fly-half will be out for six months. cruden is almost certain to miss the world cup after undergoing knee surgery. new zealand coach steve hansen says cruden will be a loss to the all blacks.
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days after riding three flying dismounts at newbury on saturday. the italian jockey has nine winners from 29 rides so far this season. he has won the aon greenham stakes and the be wiser insurance spring cup.
saracens director of rugby mark mccall has no intention of overspending in the post-world cup transfer market. saracens lost 13-9 to clermont in the european final on saturday. the club contained five england-qualified forwards in the starting pack.
mohammad hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago. the pakistan all-rounder missed out on the world cup in australia and new zealand . the 34-year-old then injured his calf and missed the one-day internationals. but the off-spinner is free to resume bowling after remedial work and a re-test on his action.
alastair cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack . leg-spinner adil rashid could offer what is needed but by all accounts he hasn't been bowling well enough. mark wood seems to have a different trajectory which should suit overseas pitches. ben stokes was the pick of the bowlers on day one in antigua.
steven finn was overlooked for the west indies tour. finn believes he's rediscovered his best form and is ready to push for an england place. he admits he's 'had his trials and tribulations over the last 12 months'   finn says he's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form.
ben stokes was at the centre of everything on the first day of the second test at the grenada national stadium. the durham all-rounder injured himself before coming on to bowl. devon smith was caught behind after missing the ball. james anderson took two wickets for england in the first session of play.
sir bradley wiggins will ride for his eponymous team at the inaugural tour de yorkshire next month. the four-time olympic champion left team sky after paris-roubaix on april 12. wiggins was not selected in team sky's 2014 squad for the race.
west indies openers devon smith and kraigg brathwaite both fall in rain-shortened first session of second test. chris jordan takes first wicket of the day as smith is caught behind. hosts go to lunch at 36 for two after choosing to bowl first in grenada. play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes.
graeme dott fears exhaustion will kill off his hopes of winning the world championship. the 37-year-old beat ricky walden 10-8 in the first round at the crucible in sheffield. john higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over robert milkins in his first-round clash.
kyrie irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 113-100. lebron james added 20 points as the cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best-of-seven series. los angeles clippers' point guard chris paul scored 32 points as they beat san antonio spurs 102-97. kyle korver scored 21 points as atlanta hawks defeated brooklyn nets 99-92 in their eastern conference playoff series. memphis grizzlies beat portland trail blazers 100-86 in game 1 of their series.
graziano pelle scored his first premier league goal since december to seal victory for southampton at st mary's. james ward-prowse came on at half-time to score a penalty for the home side. hull city manager steve bruce was furious with alex bruce for a clash with pelle.
james morrison headed west brom ahead after two minutes against crystal palace at selhurst park on saturday afternoon. crystal palace boss alan pardew was returning to his former club for the first time since leaving crystal palace in the summer. craig gardner scored a fine long range effort to make it 2-0 for the away side.
tonny vilhena wants to quit feyenoord this summer. ronald koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in january. southampton boss koeman is keen to bring him to st mary's. the saints are also monitoring his team-mate jordy clasie.
everton defender leighton baines is friends with rocker miles kane and arctic monkeys' front-man alex turner. the england international is a big music lover and regularly plays the guitar. but he admits he doesn't know any of one direction's hit songs. mark ronson and bruno mars' uptown funk is regularly played in everton's dressing room. ed sheeran, meghan trainor and avicii also feature in match of the day magazine interview.
franco di santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for werder bremen this season. the argentine striker previously played for chelsea but struggled to make an impact at stamford bridge. sunderland want £8million for the 26-year-old and are considering a summer move for him. he played for wigan for three seasons before being released.
morgan schneiderlin gave champions league chasing southampton the lead at the britannia stadium. mame biram diouf equalised for ronald koeman's side in the second half. but charlie adam scored a late winner as stoke city came from behind to earn all three points at home to southampton.
jack grealish is wanted by the republic of ireland and england. the 19-year-old must choose between the two at the end of the season. tim sherwood wants him to focus on his aston villa career rather than his international future. sherwood has been impressed with grealishes performance against liverpool.
walter smith spent two spells in charge as manager of rangers and has praised stuart mccall's impact at ibrox. but smith maintains ally mccoist was given little chance of succeeding at the club. smith insists the club was too badly run to be a success at rangers.   smith attended a golf day to raise money for testicular cancer awareness.
brendan rodgers was convicted of leaving a property in accrington, lancashire, to rot. he and co-owner judith o'hagan were ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof. but rodgers did not receive a summons and was found guilty at blackburn magistrates' court. but he had his conviction overturned because he did not get a summons. the anfield manager was fined for leaving the £69,950 terrace house to rot .
andres iniesta set up neymar for the opening goal in barcelona's 2-0 champions league win over paris saint-germain. the world cup winner is yet to score or create a goal for barcelona this season. iniesta admits he has been unhappy with his form for the catalan giants. barcelona face espanyol at the camp nou on saturday.
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 in the premier league on saturday. tony pulis led his side to a win over his former club at the weekend. james morrison and craig gardner scored the goals for west brom. pulis said he will never change his touchline attire and insists on wearing his cap.
per mertesacker limped off in arsenal's fa cup semi-final win over reading on saturday with ankle injury. german defender will miss premier league derby against chelsea on sunday due to ankle injury . scans showed merteacker had a minor ankle sprain but no serious ligament damage.
clayton donaldson scored a late headed winner for birmingham city as they defeated reading 1-0 in the sky bet championship. reading lost their second game in as many matches after losing to arsenal in fa cup semi-final. reading keeper adam federici was retained for the match after his blunder at wembley on saturday.
gary gardner will report to aston villa for pre-season training to be assessed by tim sherwood. gardner has been on loan at nottingham forest this season. the 22-year-old scored a stunning free-kick against watford. sherwood is keen to see gardner train day-to-day before making a decision.
shay given will keep his place in aston villa's side for the fa cup final at wembley against arsenal. brad guzan lost out to given for the semi-final victory against liverpool. tim sherwood is under pressure for the no 1 jersey in the premier league.
blackpool fans pelted the directors' box and main reception area at bloomfield road with eggs before their game with reading. the seasiders were relegated to the third tier after being relegated to league one. blackpool drew 1-1 with rotherham on tuesday night. chairman karl oyston was the target of the protest.
real madrid forward cristiano ronaldo ended his playing career in 2011. the 38-year-old now co-owns fort lauderdale strikers, a north american league side. brazil legend ron ronaldo says he would relish playing alongside his namesake. but he admits a return to top level football is past him.
joe lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's championship match with reading. blackpool goalkeeper had to wear the shirt because the club had no spares. the signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but blackpool have no kitman. the tangerines were relegated from the championship last week.
richard stearman scored an own goal for ipswich in the 21st minute to hand the hosts the lead at molineux. wolves striker benik afobe scored an equaliser after 50 minutes to keep wolves in the championship play-off hunt. tommy smith's header was deflected in by    for the opening goal of the game.
lee clark admitted blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after relegation. blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at bloomfield road in sky bet league one. fans pelted eggs at the directors' boxes windows before the game. grant hall scored an own goal after half-time to earn the royals a point.
micky adams became the 42nd manager to be dismissed this season when he was fired by tranmere on sunday. forty managers have been sacked in the football league this season. the previous record of 46 was set in 2006-07. arsene wenger is the longest serving manager in the premier league at 18 years.
barcelona midfielder andres iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis in the champions league win against psg. iniesta was substituted eight minutes into the second half after a clash with javier pastore. tests confirmed he suffered heavy bruising in the sacroiliac joint. barca midfielder could miss saturday's la liga game at home to valencia.
british transport police chief constable paul crowther warns of 'casual thuggery' on trains on a weekly basis. btp has recorded 630 football-related incidents so far this season. police believe the scale of the problem may be higher than figures show. a summit has been organised to determine scale of problem.
massimo luongo was player of the tournament during australia's successful asian cup in january.tim sherwood wants to make swindon town midfielder one of his first summer signings at aston villa. the 22-year-old is currently on loan at the county ground from spurs.
kevin pietersen was taken off the field as a precaution after being hit on the hand while fielding for surrey against oxford university. the former england batsman was fielding close-in during the second innings of oxford mccu's match. the batsman is fine but was advised to miss the final session of the match. he was injured while fielding in the field while playing for oxford against surrey. pieterson is hoping to win back his test place with a return to red ball cricket.
aston villa manager tim sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on friday. sherwood replied to a letter from six-year-old fan charlie pye. pye wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus for paul lambert's sacking.   pye applied for the role when paul was sacked but was pipped to the post by sherwood.
raheem sterling opened the scoring for liverpool in the first half at anfield. newcastle united's newcastle striker mousa sissoko was sent off in the 71st minute for a second bookable offence. john alberto alberto allen scored a late consolation goal for newcastle at the end of the game.
giorgio chiellini committed a deliberate handball in the first minute of juventus' champions league quarter-final second-leg against monaco on wednesday. the italy international was shown a yellow card after slipping on the turf . the 30-year-old centre-half committed the foul after slipping during the game at the stade louis ii. juve progressed to the champions league's last four on aggregate after a 0-0 draw.
gareth bale has come under fire from fans in his second season at real madrid. the welshman has been linked with a return to the premier league. former wales manager mark hughes has urged bale to stay at the bernabeu. hughes regrets only spending a single season at barcelona in 1988.
jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the type of football which would attract arsenal, manchester united or city. sportsmail's columnist insists the style of play atletico madrid showed against real madrid would not impress the premier league giants. atletico were beaten 1-0 at the bernabeu in the champions league.
daniel sturridge failed to train again for liverpool's fa cup semi-final with aston villa on thursday. the england striker faces a fight to be fit for sunday's game at wembley. steven gerrard could return after serving a three-match suspension. sturridges missed monday's win over newcastle with tightness in his hip.
richard eckersley is currently training with la liga side elche. the former manchester united and burnley full-back is a free agent. the 26-year-old began his career at old trafford but made only two premier league appearances for united. he spent time on loan at toronto fc and new york red bulls.
the 214th derby della madonnina was a goalless first half at the san siro. both sides struggled to create any clear-cut chances in the first half. philippe mexes thought he had scored an own goal, but it was ruled out. the game finished 0-0, with both sides struggling to create chances.
psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4-1 at the philips stadion to win the dutch championship. luuk de jong scored two headed first half goals to seal the title for psv. it is psv's first title in seven years and their 22nd in the eredivisie. ajax amsterdam have lost the title after four successive years as champions.
bayern munich beat hoffenheim 2-0 to open a 13-point lead at the top of the bundesliga. sebastian rode scored andreas beck scored an own goal in stoppage time. the german champions were without half a dozen starters .
emad sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for his club al orubah against al shoalah. the midfielder suffered the injury while chasing a ball down after just 19 minutes of the game. the ankle twisted 180 degrees and appeared to dislocate as he tumbled over. the club went on to win the game 2-0.
john terry made a strong challenge from behind on manchester united striker radamel falcao in the build-up to eden hazard's opening goal for chelsea. sky sports pundits jamie redknapp, thierry henry and graeme souness agree terry fouled the striker. terry's challenge led to a loose ball for oscar to score at stamford bridge.
borussia dortmund beat paderborn 3-0 at signal iduna park. henrikh mkhitaryan, pierre-emerick aubameyang and shinji kagawa scored for the home side. the win came three days after manager jurgen klopp announced he will quit the club in the summer. dortmund moved up to eighth in the bundesliga table after the win.
chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees. jose mourinho's team are the most likely to protest decisions. table compiled by football association fair play delegates who attend every premier league match. liverpool show the greatest respect towards match officials, followed by burnley and west brom.
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday. franz beckenbauer accused dante of playing as if he was wearing'ski boots'    the germans conceded twice in the opening 10minutes before losing the game at the allianz arena.
nile ranger joined blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal. the former newcastle striker has been awol since early in december. ranger says the club took the mick out of him with his low-paid contract. ranger has not featured for the seasiders since end of november.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge in the premier league. eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first-half. jose mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the table. nemanja matic was back at his commanding best in midfield for chelsea.
newcastle host garry monk's side at st james' park on saturday. daryl janmaat has compared newcastle's premier league match to playing in the world cup semi-final. john carver's side have lost their last six premier league games. newcastle sit seven points clear of relegation - having lost to swansea.
fifa presidential candidate prince ali bin al hussein wants to see the world cup rotated between nations. prince ali is standing against sepp blatter to replace the current president. he has warned against expanding the tournament from its current 32 teams. the prince could see a tournament being jointly hosted by several different nations.
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours. the plants display 'unique flowering behaviour' at the university of aberystwyth, wales. during the day they flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees. but the next day they switch to'male parts' to spread their pollen.
protest will take place outside stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday ahead of manchester united game. photo organised by chelsea supporters trust and playfair qatar. more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in qatar since 2022 world cup.
eden hazard and harry kane have been nominated for pfa player of the year. hazard has scored 19 premier league goals for chelsea this season. diego costa, alexis sanchez, philippe coutinho and david de gea are also up for the award. kane is the favourite to win the young player award for tottenham hotspur.
amal clooney, 37, married george clooney in venice, italy, last september. the human rights lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since the wedding. several of her outfits cost at least £1,000. she has spent £66,900 alone on the clothes she has been photographed in.
porto beat bundesliga champions bayern munich 3-1 in the champions league first leg at porto's estadio do dragao on wednesday night. jackson martinez opened the scoring for porto from the penalty spot after just three minutes. thiago equalised for bayern in the 28th minute with a header from a thiago cross. porto defender ricardo quaresma scored a third minute penalty to put porto 2-0 up after manuel neuer gave away a penalty in the first half.    pep guardiola's team failed to improve in the second half and were reduced to 10 men as porto went on to win
blackpool fan frank knight, 67, posted an apology on his facebook account last week to blackpool and the oyston family. he is being sued by the club over allegations he made about the club. a campaign was set up to raise money for the pensioner. over 1,000 fans donated to the gofundme account in just three days.
harry kane and eden harzard have been nominated for pfa young player of the year. thibaut courtois, david de gea, raheem sterling and philippe coutinho complete the six-man shortlist. last year's winner eden hazard has been nominated again for the award. the professional footballers' association will announce the winners on april 26.
alexis sanchez scored the only goal of the game in extra time for arsenal. garath mccleary equalised for reading with a deflected volley. reading goalkeeper adam federici fumbled sanchez's shot through his legs and over the line. the royals keeper made a string of excellent saves to keep the score at 1-1.
swansea city host everton in the premier league on saturday at 12.45pm. swansea are second in the table after a 2-0 win overeverton at the weekend.    swanssea face a trip to the south coast to take on everton at swanssea city.  liverpool host newcastle united at liverpool on monday night.
kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for tottenham hotspur. jan vertonghen is a doubt for the match against aston villa at white hart lane. tim sherwood set to be without key trio of alan hutton, ashley westwood and scott sinclair.
steve davis and dennis taylor played in the world snooker final in 1985. davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day. the final was watched by 18.5million viewers, a bbc2 record.   davis led 14-11 but taylor fought back to lead 9-7 overnight.
mauricio pochettino expects a'very good reception' for aston villa manager tim sherwood on his return to white hart lane. sherwood was in charge of tottenham hotspur for five months last year. he was shown the door by daniel levy and left the club.   spurs host villa in the barclays premier league on saturday afternoon.
chris jordan took a stunning catch to dismiss joe root on day four of the first test at the sir vivian richards stadium. west indies finished the day on 98 for two after setting england a world record target of 438 to win. gary ballance scored a fourth test century in only his ninth match for england. jimmy anderson is still waiting for the wicket to move level with sir ian botham's test record.
the video, titled 'we will burn america', includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks and recent atrocities. it claims the u.s. citizens' sense of safety is a'mirage' and claims the country will burn in another attack. previous jihadis managed to carry out the attacks with 'less resources' than isis, the video claims.
tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade tim sherwood to stay on at the club after sacking him. levy sacked sherwood last may to bring in mauricio pochettino. sherwood will return to white hart lane for the first time with aston villa on saturday.
john goodwin, 75, shot himself outside of rockingham county superior courthouse on friday morning while jurors were deliberating claims that goodwin had sexually assaulted an underage student. goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries. he was not in custody at the time and his health status has not been disclosed. he went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault.
the body farm is a joint project between the university of south florida institute of anthropology and the hillsborough county sheriff's office. it would be a forensic research facility for research into how human bodies are affected by elements. the research could potentially help solve cold cases in hillsborough, pasco and pinellas counties. but residents of lithia are opposed to the project, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to the community. hillsborough commissioner stacy white has taken a stand against the project.
tourist diovani de jesus posted the photo on earth day as a reminder that we can all co-exist. the green sea turtle appeared in a group photo at apo island in the philippines. the shallow water is a feeding ground for the endangered animals.
jiang min says she has run out of cash and can't even afford food for baby mengyu and her older daughter. her husband told her he was going out to work to earn money for baby's surgery. he hasn't been heard from since the start of the year. baby's hands and feet are severely deformed and doctors recommend corrective surgery. local media in binzhou city have compared the baby's webbed hands to 'trotters'
stan cole, an iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind in loraine, western texas, on wednesday evening. he was driving a tractor when he spotted the tornado from just 100 yards away. landspouts are not part of a thunderstorm and can be difficult to capture on film.
pablo mandado, 27, and ilze zebolde, 31, have been cycling around the world for 356 days. they've covered almost 7,000 miles and been through 16 countries in their open-ended odyssey. they live on less than three euros each a day and rely on free accommodation. the couple quit their restaurant jobs in manchester to go on the journey.
lewis hamilton is top of the 2015 sunday times sport rich list with a fortune of £88million. manchester united captain wayne rooney has moved up into second place with wealth of £72m. formula one driver jenson button is just £1m behind rooney with £71m. andy murray takes up fourth place on the list with wealth put at £48m.
singer melissa plancarte was filmed dancing in the mexico's michoacan state courthouse for her music video'since you left'   her father, enrique plancarte, was in charge of a drugs cartel known for hanging its victims by the neck from bridges. she lives in a mansion in the town of nueva italia and has three pet tigers. officials say she didn't have permission to film at the courthouse.
ben stokes and marlon samuels bury the hatchet as west indies dominate on day four of second test in grenada. joe root was left stranded on 182 not out after being run out by jason holder. jimmy anderson's careless mistake cost him a chance of a double century. west indians end the fourth day on 202 for two, a lead of 37, with kraigg brathwaite unbeaten on 101.
daniel sturridge has played just 12 league games for liverpool this season. brendan rodgers is keen on signing a striker who can 'play every week'   liverpool are on course to be 60 goals down on last season's total. divock origi, danny ings and memphis depay will return to liverpool in the summer.
louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager. the dutchman has been giggs' assistant at old trafford since last summer. giggs was in temporary charge of united for four games last season after david moyes was sacked. van gaal has previously likened giggs to his own former assistant - now chelsea manager jose mourinho.
britt mchenry, 28, was suspended for a week after being filmed attacking a towing clerk at a chinese restaurant parking lot in virginia. her car had been towed overnight after she left it in the parking lot of a bar.   she was filmed insulting the woman's looks, intelligence, and social status. but espn has reinstated the sports reporter to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend.
david rush, 33, from lisburn, northern ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest. he 'hated leaving the house' and felt he'shouldn't go out' because of his size. his diet consisted of twice-daily takeaways topped up with six bags of crisps and two bottles of coca-cola. he started cycling after having problems walking and lost 18st 10lb in just one year. now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs and is training for a half-marathon and 115-mile bike ride.
andrew caldwell, 21, became famous last year for saying god cured his homosexuality and that he was 'delivered' by god. on wednesday, a cashier at a froyo in st. louis threw a bowl of yogurt in the face of andrew. he claims the employee, stephanie diaz, recognized him from a video of him saying he 'don't like mens no more' and attacked him. diaz admits to throwing the yogurt, but said he is a liar and called her a 'dog' and a 'b----'   diaz has been charged with third-degree assault, but has not been fired.
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the sunderland midfielder could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty. johnson, 27, has not been suspended by the premier league club despite the charges. the midfielder is set to feature at stoke on apr 25.
the video has been viewed 600,000 times and features new parents sharing their parenting tips. blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment. all of the parents are based in the us and the clip has already been viewed by viewers. viewers are encouraged to submit their own parenting advice.
manchester united are closing in on a deal to sign borussia dortmund ace ilkay gundogan. louis van gaal believes the midfielder is the perfect replacement for michael carrick. united are eyeing a £20.5million deal for the central midfielder.
wladimir klitschko faces bryant jennings at madison square garden on friday night. reigning heavyweight champion will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years. the 39-year-old recalls his rise to the top after winning olympic gold in 1996.   the ukrainian superstar believes age has no bearing on how long he can go on for.
manchester united have offered goalkeeper david de gea £200,000-a-week to stay at the club. there has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to spain to join real madrid this summer. louis van gaal admitted that the club have offered the goalkeeper 'a lot of money'    it is believed that de gea will move to replace iker casillas at the bernabeu.
ap mccoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey at sandown on saturday. the 20-time champion jockey's last ever mount will be box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle. mccoys' penultimate race comes on mr mole in the grade one ap mccoy celebration chase at 3.15.
spanish midfielder isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at real madrid. manuel pellegrini worked with isco at malaga and wanted him to join manchester city. but isco chose to move to manchester madrid instead. isco rarely starts for carlo ancelotti's side when all of his main options are fit.
red mazda careered off the road and crashed into the front door of a house in crossgates, leeds. the car hit the property with such force it became stuck in the wall but no-one was injured in the accident. police said the occupants of the house only suffered minor injuries.
eden hazard joined chelsea for £32million in 2012, but arsene wenger could not afford to sign him. hazard's agent discussed terms with wenger in the arsenal manager's house. hazard has had a standout season for chelsea and is favourite for player of the season. wenger insists that alexis sanchez will run hazard close in the vote.
jose mourinho was asked how hard arsene wenger pushed him at his chelsea press conference. the portuguese manager was visibly surprised by the question. he was asked the question at the end of his pre-match press conference on sunday. he gave an ambiguous answer to the question about wenger's push. arsenal host arsenal at stamford bridge in the premier league sunday afternoon.
patrick vieira's manchester city elite development side lost to west ham under 21s at upton park. dan potts scored the opener for west ham before an own goal doubled their lead. adam drury scored a second goal for the hosts before olivier ntcham pulled one back for city.
jesse o'brien has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis. video was taken by his mother heidi, 37, to encourage the brave youngster to take his pills. heidi posted it on facebook to encourage jesse to take the drugs to battle his condition. the video of jesse has had more than one million hits in just a week.
study of 1,302 german couples found men do just two hours of housework a day while working, which increases to 3.9 after they retire. but it is still far less than the amount carried out by their stay-at-home wives. men were also less likely to do the 'female' chores.
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to barcelona in the champions league semi-finals. the bayern munich coach must think of a way to stop lionel messi . guardiola nurtured messi into the best player in the world while manager at the nou camp.
pupil william webb ellis picked up a football and ran with it during a rugby match at rugby school in 1823. the game of rugby was born at the historic independent school in warwickshire. the world cup trophy is named in honour of the schoolboy who played the game. rugby school is known as the spiritual home of the game and is steeped in the traditions of the sport. its headmaster dr thomas arnold is credited with transforming the school's values.
bayern munich face barcelona in the champions league semi-finals. pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012. real madrid face juventus in the other semi-final. the draw was made at uefa's headquarters on friday morning. the first legs will take place on may 5/6.
tottenham are ready to grant emmanuel adebayor a free transfer in the summer. the club's chairman daniel levy will subsidies the striker's wages to ensure he leaves. tottenham want to receive a fee for the striker but want rid of his massive wage bill. the striker is currently earning £5.2million-per-season at north london club.
arsene wenger said it was easier to set up a team designed to defend. jose mourinho hit back at the arsenal boss after losing 3-1 to monaco in the champions league. the two clubs meet at stamford bridge on wednesday in the premier league.
gunners face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday. francis coquelin has made 23 appearances for arsenal this season since returning from loan spell at charlton. the frenchman is looking forward to playing against nemanja matic. arsenal boss arsene wenger says matic has been 'unbelievable' this season.
anthony mcgill beat defending champion mark selby 13-9 at the betfred world championships. it is the rookie scot's first world championship victory. mcgills was a 150/1 outsider to beat the world champion at the crucible . no maiden winner of the world championship has returned a year later to retain the trophy.
joe root scored 182 not out on day four of the second test in grenada. west indies finished 37 runs ahead of england on 202 for two at stumps. root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs and tough to take wickets. root said england need early wickets with the new ball to win the game.
mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and significant this century. sugar ray leonard v roberto duran is one of the greatest fights in boxing history. the no mas fight was the most humiliating defeat for roberto. george foreman v muhammad ali and jack johnson are two of the other greats.
the europa league semi-final draw was made at uefa's headquarters in nyon on friday. rafa benitez's napoli will face dnipro in the warsaw final. fiorentina will face holders sevilla over two legs in the last four of the competition. the semi-finals will be played on may 7 and 14.
bath moved within one point of aviva premiership leaders northampton with victory at the rec. sam burgess was man-of-the-match for the home side. fly half george ford kicked five penalties and two conversions for bath. london irish loosehead tom court scored a try for the exiles.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao's weigh-in tickets sold out within minutes on friday evening. tickets for the mega-fight went on sale from mgm property box offices in las vegas at 3pm. one ticket for the fight sold for $128,705 (£85,508) on stubhub. ticketmaster tickets for may-pacquiao sell out within a minute of going on sale on thursday night.
joe root scored 182 runs on day four of the second test in grenada. the england batsman was denied the chance of scoring a double century against the west indies. root was run out by james anderson after anderson failed to run his bat into the ground. root threw down his helmet and gloves as he returned to the pavilion.
joe root becomes second-youngest england batsman to reach 2,000 test runs after alastair cook. peter moores and paul farbrace will fly straight from barbados to dublin after the third test. stuart broad fails to score a run after yet another wasted review. marlon samuels gives ben stokes a comedy salute after dismissing him.
divock origi was signed by liverpool in a £10million deal after impressing at the 2014 world cup. the belgium striker said the progress of jordon ibe and raheem sterling has heightened his excitement at joining the club. origi was loaned back to lille for the 2014-15 season. the striker believes the challenges he has faced at lille will make him a better player.
paula radcliffe will run the final competitive marathon of her career at the london marathon on sunday. the world record holder says she is likely to cry at the end of the race. radcliffe set the record for the 2hr 15min 25sec world record in london in 2003.
shaun andrew mckerry, 31, tried to rob a post office in shildon, county durham, with an axe. he was jumped on by shopkeeper sab dhillon and wrestled to the floor. as the men wrestled, sab's wife sam hit him with a baseball bat to disarm him. ex-juvenile offender was dubbed boomerang boy or homing pigeon boy in his youth. he has been jailed for six years after pleading guilty to attempted robbery.
usain bolt says tyson gay's reduced ban is 'the stupidest thing i've ever heard' after his doping suspension. bolt said he used to respect gay as a competitor, but is no longer looking forward to racing against him. gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities. bolt is the fastest man of all time, but gay is now returning to the sport.
jurgen klopp has announced he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season. the manager has refused to comment on whether he is bound for the premier league. manchester city are on the lookout for a new manager. brendan rodgers is also under pressure at liverpool as he faces a third trophyless season.
watchford can be promoted to the championship if they win and norwich fail to win. derby can secure a play-off spot if they beat millwall at derby park. burton albion will be promoted as champions in league two. barnet and bristol rovers can secure champion status in the conference.
bayern munich face pep guardiola's former club barcelona in the champions league semi-finals. real madrid face italian champions juventus in the other semi-final. both sides have reasons for optimism and caution ahead of the clash. realmadrid are favourites to win the competition after beating atletico madrid.
alex song has picked his #one2eleven fantasy football club on sky sports. on-loan ham united midfielder believes cameroon goalkeeper carlos kameni could have played in the premier league. song believes rigobert song is a similar character to carlos puyol. song has nine barcelona players in his fantasy football team.
steven davis says southampton players worked under mauricio pochettino at st mary's. saints host tottenham in the premier league on saturday. saints are just a point and a place behind spurs in the table. davis is one of many players to have worked under the former spurs boss.
cesc fabregas will be making his first return to the emirates since leaving arsenal in 2011. the midfielder joined arsenal as a teenager before leaving to join barcelona. arsene wenger and the midfielder are said to have not spoken since the move. the 27-year-old is expected to wear a mask when he returns to north london this weekend.
newcastle manager john carver has hit back at michael owen's recent criticism of his side. owen said newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play this season. newcastle are currently seven points off the premier league relegation zone. carver was relegated with newcastle in 2009 and captained the side. the magpies face swansea at home on saturday afternoon.
jose mourinho prepared his chelsea players to deal with manchester united's marouane fellaini all week. but a hotel doorman at the club's hotel told him the belgian was not playing at stamford bridge. kurt zouma was told by the doorman that the manchester united star was not in the squad. but fellaine did start the game and was dealt with in midfield by kurt.  mourinho said his twin brother mansour posed for photos with the hotel's doorman.
rotherham fielded derby defender farrend rawson in the 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday. the football league deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player. steve evans' side are now just one point above the championship relegation zone. rotherham have until may 1 to appeal the decision.
ryan giggs, paul scholes, gary neville, nicky butt and andrew cole went out for dinner after manchester united's 1-0 defeat by chelsea. ex-manchester united striker cole took to twitter to reveal he was in 'great company' with his former team-mates. giggs saw his side fall to a frustrating loss at the hands of barclays premier league leaders.
middlesbrough's patrick bamford named the championship player of the year at the football league awards. the striker is on loan at boro from chelsea and has scored seven goals this season. mk dons midfielder dele alli was named the young player of the year at the gala ceremony. preston's joe garner earned the league one award and bury's danny mayor the league two award.
michael cheika's wallabies face england and wales at the world cup in september. the head coach is aware that his pack is being written off for the tournament. australia face the english and welsh rivals in crunch pool games. cheika is set to pick toulon playmaker matt giteau for the wallabies.
wayne rooney was spotted filling up his £100,000 overfinch range rover. the england captain was spotted a couple of days after his side's loss to chelsea in the premier league. manchester united lost 1-0 at stamford bridge despite having 70 per cent possession. the 29-year-old looked glum as he filled up his car.
memphis depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for psv eindhoven this season. psv technical director marcel brands confirms interest from 'big clubs'    manchester united, manchester city and paris saint-germain are also interested in the 21-year-old.
aston villa's players read messages of support from fans before fa cup semi-final clash with liverpool. jack grealish took to twitter to thank supporters for sending in messages. brad guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match. tim sherwood's men face liverpool at wembley stadium on tuesday night.
thiago silva is recuperating at home from a thigh injury. captain will miss paris saint-germain's game at nice on saturday. zlatan ibrahimovic, marco verratti and thiago motta also miss out. david luiz is still not fully fit and will miss the game.
floyd mayweather adds a 2016 mercedes-maybach s600 to his collection of sports cars. the boxing legend posted a video on instagram showing off the new purchase. mayweather takes on manny pacquiao on may 2 in the most anticipated fight in years. the 38-year-old is expected to earn £120million from the fight.
monaco and juventus drew 0-0 in the second leg of their champions league semi-final in monte carlo. it was the first time juventus have reached the semi-finals of the competition since 2003. arturo vidal scored the only goal of the game from the penalty spot for juventus in the first leg in turin. massimiliano allegri's team will face real madrid in the final on june 6.
tim howard joined everton in the community's medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session. the goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair and joined in with some shooting practice. everton are currently third in the wfa national league in the championship division .
rudy gestede opened the scoring for blackburn in the 78th minute at ewood park. jordan rhodes scored the second in injury time to make it 2-0. neil harris' side are four points adrift of the relegation zone with two games to play.
floyd mayweather has earned more than $400million in his career. the boxer has a collection of super cars, private jets and jewellery. mayweather regularly posts pictures of his extravagant purchases on social media. he has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years, including 16 rolls-royces.
tickets for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao sold out within a minute of going on sale. tickets for the mega-fight at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 sold out on thursday evening. a ticket for the richest bout in history was advertised on stubhub for $128,705 (£85,508)   one lucky english boxing fan managed to snare a ticket at a cost of $7,924 (£5,265)
javier hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the champions league quarter-final second leg at the bernabeu. arda turan was sent off for atletico madrid in the 76th minute for a foul on sergio ramos. cristiano ronaldo scored the winner for real madrid late on in the second leg after 180 minutes of deadlock.
dietmar hamann believes bastian schweinsteiger should leave bayern munich at the end of the season. the world cup winner was an unused substitute in bayern's 6-1 champions league win over porto .    hamann thinks the midfielder has lost his place to xabi alonso in pep guardiola's side. the former germany international also has doubts over franck ribery's fitness.
memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united on wednesday. louis van gaal was tempted to sign the psv eindhoven winger last summer. psv coach phillip cocu was unaware of the meeting. united are leading the chase for the 21-year-old winger.
eugenie bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play-off against romania this weekend. alexandra dulgheru faces her at a pre-match press conference in montreal. the canadian star refused to shake hands with opponent at the draw ceremony.
ashley young reveals louis van gaal only plays house and funky house music in the old trafford dressing room. young was a guest on mutv's thursday focus programme. the red devils winger revealed the secret of his team-mates' changing room playlist to olly murs. young is known for being the resident dj at manchester united.
the football league revealed the top ten players in each division's player of the year. patrick bamford beat daryl murphy and troy deeney for the championship award. ipswich town's d daryl murphy was second in the voting. joe garner and danny mayor were crowned league one and two division's best players. mk dons' dele alli was the football league's young player of year.
lionel messi, neymar jnr and luis suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season. the barcelona front three will match the total scored by thierry henry, samuel eto'o and messi in 2009. the trio have 11 games left to play in barcelona's la liga season. messi has 46 goals,    the trio are fast becoming the greatest front three in bar barcelona's history.
barcelona will play bayern munich in the champions league semi-finals. pep guardiola will return to the nou camp at bayern. real madrid will face juventus in the other semi-final. napoli will play dnipro and sevilla will face fiorentina. first legs will be played on may 5-6 and may 12-13, with the final on june 6.
javier hernandez scored the winner for real madrid against atletico madrid on wednesday. the striker will return to manchester united at the end of the season.   the mexican is wanted by a host of premier league clubs including west ham and swansea.
mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. floyd mayweather v mayweather is one of the most important fights in boxing history. muhammad ali v joe frazier was the thrilla in manila, also known as the killa in the manila. the fight was a near-death fight in which ali was beaten in the 14th round.
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. the rumble in the jungle was voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century. george foreman v muhammad ali is considered to be one of boxing's greatest ever fights.    the fight was a tactical triumph for ali, inviting foreman to punch himself out.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. the two biggest fights of the 20th century were the fight between joe frazier and muhammad ali in 1971 and jack johnson v james jeffries in 1910. i look back at 12 of the greatest fights in boxing history. mayweather v mannypacquiao is one of the biggest of the century.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and significant this century. jack johnson v james j jeffries is one of boxing's 12 most significant fights. white america hated it when johnson beat tommy burns to become the first black heavyweight champion in 1908. johnson took on jim jeffry for a purse of £3m at the grand garden in 1910.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and politically. joe louis vs max schmeling is one of the most significant fights in boxing history. louis beat the nazis in a rematch on june 22, 1938. the fight was billed as a political war between the two countries.
arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the fa cup final against aston villa on may 30. tim sherwood's villa won the coin toss ahead of the final at wembley. arsene wenger's side have won three of the last five cup finals in the yellow strip. the gunners won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing the claret and blue.
chelsea face arsenal at the emirates on sunday in the premier league. jose mourinho has never lost to arsene wenger in 12 previous meetings. didier drogba could start up front for chelsea and loic remy could play up front. cesc fabregas will make his first return to his former club. diego costa is a doubt for the game due to injury. dominic solanke trained at cobham ahead of the game.
steve bruce says players will have their salaries cut by up to 50 per cent if they are relegated. hull are currently fourth-bottom of the premier league and face crystal palace at the weekend. hull manager bruce said all players' contracts have been set up to protect the club. hull lie in 17th place but have a tough run-in to avoid the drop.
manchester united travel to everton in the premier league on sunday. louis van gaal has spoken to marouane fellaini about keeping his cool on his first return to his former club. robin van persie is not expected to return to the starting line-up for manchester united. michael carrick, phil jones, marcos rojo and daley blind will miss the trip to goodison park.
marseille midfielder florian thauvin will listen to offers for the 22-year-old in the summer. tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for the marseille winger. the midfielder has also been watched by chelsea and valencia.
qpr boss chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep his club in the premier league. burnley manager sean dyche says his side have to compete with the smallest wage budget in the league. qpr host west ham on saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone.
inverness defender josh meekings will be allowed to play in the scottish cup final. judicial panel panel did not even consider his handball in the match against celtic. caley thistle challenged his one-game suspension for deliberate handball. the sfa's compliance officer argued match officials had seen the incident.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao face each other in the richest fight in boxing history on may 2. the mega-fight is worth $300m and is set to be the biggest in the history of the sport. both men are known for their achievements in and out of the ring.
kick it out have urged carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to 'black up' for the final day of the season. hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as bob marley for the game at car lisle. kick it out say they have received complaints from some fans about the fancy dress.
raheem sterling says he pays no attention to the criticism levelled at him for contract stand-off with liverpool. the 20-year-old is in the middle of a contract dispute with the club. sterling rejected an offer of £90,000-per-week from liverpool to sign a new deal. but the england international insists he has not been affected by the criticism.
b bristol rovers lost their place in the football league for the first time since 1920. darrell clarke's side face gateshead on saturday in the conference title race. bristol have only lost once in the last 27 league games. barnet are one point clear at the top of the table. clarke was distraught at the end of last season but is looking to bounce back.
manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal for valenciennes defender dayot upamecano. the 16-year-old almost joined united in the january transfer window. centre-back umecano has played for france at u16 and u17 level.
napoli reached the europa league semi-final with a 6-3 aggregate win over wolfsburg. rafa benitez has reached his seventh major european semi-finals in only 12 seasons with four teams. the spaniard guided napoli to the last four of the competition. he has reached the last eight with valencia, liverpool and chelsea. benitz guided liverpool to champions league glory in 2005, his first season at the club.
chelsea could face sydney at the anz stadium on june 2 - days after tottenham play the same side. jose mourinho has been discussing post-season plans with the chelsea board. the blues are expected to fly out to australia after the premier league season.
warrington wolves beat leeds rhinos 29-10 at headingley on friday night. leeds captain kevin sinfield made his 500th appearance for the rhinos. his side were trailing 20-4 by the time he entered the action in the second half. warrington scored five tries to leeds' one.
in the seventh innings of a game between the kansas city royals and rivals chicago white sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl. umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at chicago's us cellular field. a heated exchange between royals starter yordano ventura and chicago outfielder adam eaton sparked the brawl. both teams ran onto the field for the brawl where there was pushing, shoving and even punches.
javier hernandez is on loan at real madrid from manchester united and scored the winner against atletico madrid. the striker will leave real at the end of this season and return to old trafford. he is not in louis van gaal's plans and could be available for around £7million.
tyson fury is the mandatory challenger to reigning heavyweight champion wladimir klitschko. fury takes on bryant jennings in new york on saturday night. fury hopes to lure the champion to england for a stadium fight later in the year.
premier league and football league will observe a minute's silence for the 56 supporters who died in the blaze. inferno ripped through valley parade on may 11, 1985 during a third division match against lincoln city. football league supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the plastic surgery and burns research unit at the university of bradford. players, managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark 30th anniversary of the disaster.
wigan beat wakefield 40-22 at the rapid solicitors stadium. joe burgess scored his first super league hat-trick for shaun wane's men. it was a ninth successive defeat for the wildcats. wakefield remain rooted to the foot of the table.
quade cooper has signed a two-year deal with toulon and will move to france this summer. the queensland reds fly-half has won 53 caps for the wallabies. cooper will link up with former wallabies playmaker matt giteau at the french club.
hudson swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead with boo weekley at tpc louisiana. second-round play was suspended on friday because of the threat of severe weather. play was scheduled to resume on saturday morning at 8 a.m. at the tournament. swaffords and weekley are both at 11-under 133 for the day. marc leishman was at 10 under through 17 holes after a second round 64.
florent malouda has picked his #one2eleven team for sky sports' fantasy football club. the former chelsea winger played alongside players from guingamp and the france national team. petr cech starts in between the sticks for his fantasy football side. zinedine zidane and thierry henry also start in attack for the former arsenal star.
juventus reached the champions league semi-finals after a goalless draw with monaco. the italian champions lost to ac milan in the old trafford final 12 years ago. andriy shevchenko scored the winning penalty in the 2003 final. juventus were relegated to serie b amid italy's match-fixing scandal. gianluigi buffon's side face bayern munich in the last four.
'love call' notices are posted at traffic lights in sydney's cbd to find the man who offered her his umbrella to cross the street. missiesmile21 is looking for the 'tall, charming gentleman' who offered to help her cross the road. the woman has taped posters to the city's light posts.
sally gordon-smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in keilor east around 3pm on friday. she was described as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair. police confirmed she was still missing early on saturday morning.
yaya toure looks likely to leave manchester city this summer but his legacy should be a positive one. toure signed for manchester for £24million from barcelona in 2010. the ivorian has struggled to impose himself at the etihad this season. mark hughes signed kolo toure as part of a plan to sign yaya.
government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports. as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches. range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and concussion. professor allyson pollock said the government has a 'duty to protect children from the risks of injury'
the venus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to use it. it has a matte coating or rough texture and rubber grips down its side. ventus x mouse costs $50 (£34) via gaming hardware websites.
researchers found that male 5,000 metre runners are more competitive than women. men are more driven by the desire to beat the competition than female athletes. but women are more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport, such as academic studies. men have a dimmer view of their colleagues' ability than women and are more likely to be part of a team.
apple could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming apple watch sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles. the material would make the next generation phone 60 per cent harder than the iphone 6. several owners complained that the slim aluminium phones bent out of shape after being placed in tight pockets.
didier drogba has 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal. the ivorian striker averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against the gunners. he has scored 13 goals in 14 games against arsene wenger's side. jose mourinho's side face arsenal in the emirates cup on sunday.
several properties in west pittston, pennsylvania, were littered with debris from a plane. residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead. paula viccica believes the debris landed in her garden and trees. she has complained to aviation authorities and wants assurance it does not pose a danger.
media personality miranda devine has apologised after calling rugby player david pocock a 'tosser' for celebrating a try using sign language. devine tweeted: 'did pococks actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! what a tosser!'   poccock was actually doing sign language for a friend and pointed out in reply that she'd misinterpreted his hand movements.   devine quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh with her judgement.
f french free diver jumped into dean's blue hole in the bahamas. guillame néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge. the hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom. free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes. the video was filmed in 2010 by the frenchman's girlfriend and fellow freediver.
short film has been developed on an oculus rift - a virtual reality headset. created by italy's university of udine's hci lab. video is based on an actual landing on water incident in 2009. hopes it can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a crash landing.
gabriel ng spent countless hours filming religious sites and beauty spots while visiting family in thailand. he spent three months filming scenes using a camera attached to a remote control drone. the six-minute video shows scenes of everyday life on the island of ko samui.
mark zuckerberg predicts the future of travel lies in sharing virtual reality environments. facebook's ceo and co-founder says virtual reality will play a key role in travel. the social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, oculus, last year. facebook also announced plans to support virtual reality on its newsfeed.
an analogue promotional watch from apple with a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands, is listed on the internet auction site with a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47)   the watch was made by quartz and released to promote apple’s mac operating system. it is cheaper than the cheapest apple watch, which costs upwards of £8,000 ($10,000)
zach birnie was skiing with a friend in revelstoke, canada, when he became caught up in an avalanche. he was filming the mountain with a camera mounted to his helmet. the skier was completely submerged under the heavy snow. the man was lucky to escape serious injury.
sweden's passport is among the most frequently sold travel documents on the black market. there is no upper limit on the number of replacements that can be sold. britons' passport is also one of the most powerful in the world, but it is expensive. it takes a worker an hour to pay off sweden's £28 passport.
england's withdrawal from the victory shield for under 16s has left the home nations fuming. fa chairman greg dyke sent a letter to home nations with no warning or consultation. pele says 'god only knows' what happened to brazil when they were thrashed 7-1 by germany at the world cup. the ecb are running out of time to clinch a terrestrial highlights deal for the t20 blast. west ham's pledge to cut ticket prices for their olympic stadium has upset other clubs.
match.com is seeking a 'date explorer' to help revolutionise the british dating scene. singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in new york, rio de janeiro, rome, stockholm and paris. to coincide with the dating site's 20th anniversary.
leaked footage shows the rocket drifting onto a barge in the atlantic before a gust of wind topples it over. a deleted tweet by elon musk's firm says the rocket appeared to be suffering from'stiction in the biprop throttle valve'   the rocket's computers couldn't be acted upon in time to correct the tilt of the booster. earlier this week, spacex released footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a platform.
adam johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on thursday. the 27-year-old has not been suspended by sunderland despite the charges. dick advocaat insists it was not a difficult decision to include johnson in his squad for saturday's premier league clash with stoke. johnson has been used as a substitute in the last three games for the black cats. the midfielder will appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20.
sergio ramos could play in every position on the pitch for real madrid. carlo ancelotti moved the defender forward into midfield for the champions league win over atletico madrid on wednesday. the defender has proved his worth to carlo and the club. ramos is real's carles puyol, but he rarely lets anyone down. he scored a crucial goal in last year's champions league final.
iker casillas has been at real madrid since breaking into the bernabeu side as a 16-year-old. the keeper has been linked with a move to manchester united in the summer. but    casillas claims he will stay and fight for the no 1 jersey at the club.
survey of 600 employers and senior executives reveals biggest cv blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes. 87 per cent of the 600 employers found it annoying. also found incorrect personal information and missing contact details are also annoying. yougov for higher education school, gsm london surveyed.
fiona, 51, said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her perth home. she found him standing over her young daughter on thursday night. as she was trying to push the unidentified assailant out the door fiona fell and bashed her face on the doorway. she was left with heavy purple bruising around her right eye.
eden hazard was being filmed as part of a feature for queens park rangers defender rio ferdinand's '5' magazine. the chelsea star left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork at their cobham training base. hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg. hazard has 19 goals in all competitions so far this season and could add to that at the emirates.
audrey nethery, from kentucky, has diamond blackfan anemia, a life-threatening bone marrow condition that affects her ability to produce red blood cells. her parents are posting videos of her dancing at her zumba class to raise awareness about the disorder. audrey, six, has a rare illness called diamond black fan anemia.
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix and was interviewed by three-time world champion sir jackie stewart after the race. hamilton could learn a few things from and aboutsir jackie. bernie ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote formula one.
real housewives of orange county star katie hamilton said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused her marriage to la angel josh hamilton to end. hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse. the divorce petition was filed in late february and comes after his self-reported relapse. he is not allowed to see his four daughters without supervision. the couple have not listed the reasons for the split, citing only 'conflict' just months after celebrating 10 years together.
the husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car. he is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange. the husky was picked up by rspca inspectors in adelaide. he has been named hero by his carers.
mick schumacher made his official pre-season test debut in formula 4 with van amersfoort racing. the 16-year-old is the son of seven-time f1 world champion michael. mick was involved in a minor crash last month at the oschersleben circuit in germany. his father michael has won a record seven 91 races in formula 1.
texas was hit with more than two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones in 15 minutes. more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas on saturday. cars were left floating in half a foot of rain water in harris county. hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after rain ripped through the sides.
nico rosberg finished third in sunday's bahrain grand prix. lewis hamilton secured his third win in four races this season. mercedes boss toto wolff believes nico was back to his best in the race. hamilton and kimi raikkonen both had brake failures on the final lap.
a 66-year-old man has been charged with a 'breach of the peace' and public nuisance. he allegedly set an australian flag on fire at the shrine of remembrance in brisbane's anzac square. the man was arrested and charged with one count of public nuisance on friday afternoon. he was taken into custody and will face court on saturday morning. tens of thousands are set to gather at the site for anzac day commemoration services.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao go head-to-head in las vegas on saturday, may 2. the two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the mega fight. mayweather averages over 1000 sit-ups a day during training camp. manny pacquiao eats five meals and consumes 8,000 calories daily.
the fox cub had been stuck in a garden fence for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free. wildlife expert simon cowell runs the wildlife aid foundation in leatherhead, surrey. he travelled to the fox's location in his car to set it free. the fox cub is clearly distressed and spits at the wildlife expert's hand before lunging at him with its mouth open. mr cowell manages to distract the fox with a stick before pulling it free and releasing it.
schoolboy frankie franz watched martin montoya pull off the trick shot in a video recorded at barcelona's training ground. nine-year-old is an academy player with dagenham and redbridge football club. he scored a 27-yard goal into a basketball hoop - twice. the youngster decided to have a go at the shot after watching montoya in the video.
shannon hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest chicken egg in capel iwan, carmarthenshire. the egg measures just 1.8cm in length and is smaller than a five pence piece. she keeps seven hens at her family home and believes one of them laid the tiny egg.
lewis hamilton took to the water after winning the bahrain grand prix on sunday. jenson button is training for the london marathon and went for a run with his wife. the mercedes driver is preparing for sunday's race in the capital.
us-born jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball's pyramid at lord howe island, just off the coast of australia. the wing-suit pilot has described the world's tallest volcanic stack as 'the single most beautiful place i have ever been'    the us-born thrill-seeker has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to flight.
manchester united striker james wilson says he would take wayne rooney's free-kick-taking ability. the 19-year-old says rooney practices his free-kicks every day and often hits the target. wilson said he would also take robin van persie's movement and radamel falcao's instincts. the striker played alongside van persie for the under 21s on monday.
lewis hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix. the mercedes driver is 27 points clear in the drivers' standings. hamilton won the bahrain grand prix on sunday. the briton says he feels more powerful than at any point in his career.
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board. nasser hussain believes the system of english cricket is broken and needs fixing. english cricket needs to learn to embrace the maverick player and stop looking at individuals.    the sacking of alastair cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair.
adam johnson has been charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the england international will appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20. johnson was suspended by sunderland after his arrest on march 2. the club are under pressure to suspend johnson for the rest of the season.
luis suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting giorgio chiellini during the world cup. the uruguayan striker was condemned by world football for the incident. suarez told his wife sofia that he didn't bite the italian defender. the barcelona striker then admitted the truth 10 days later.   suarez didn't believe that he had done anything but the television replays suggested otherwise.
stan collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated villa's 3-3 premier league draw with qpr. talksport pundit called joey barton a 'f*****g rat' after he fell down to win a free-kick. yorkshire's championship winning coach jason gillespie is preparing for the season with a new diet. fa chairman greg dyke faces a challenge to convince over homegrown quota.
the worst storm in a decade in nsw has killed three people and left 215,000 homes without power. a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in dungog, in the hunter region of new south wales, where three elderly people were found dead. the storm is the worst to hit the eastern seaboard of nsw in more than a decade. three surfers attempted to scale huge waves at manly's deadman's point in sydney on tuesday.
wladimir klitschko faces bryant jennings on april 25 at new york's madison square garden.    the ukrainian is closing in on the record number of successful defences of the heavyweight title set by joe louis and larry holmes. klutschko is keen to face deontay wilder in a unification clash later in his career.
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. the sunderland winger answered bail at peterlee police station in county durham on thursday. johnson, 27, will now appear at court on may 20. he was initially arrested at his £1.85million mansion on march 2 on suspicion of the offences. the england international was suspended by sunderlands pending the outcome of the investigation.
eden hazard is favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award this season. the chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first premier league title. but paul scholes believes hazard needs to be more ruthless to be compared with cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi. hazard has scored 13 goals and made eight assists for manchester united.
mr mole is ap mccoy’s mount in the grade one celebration chase at sandown on saturday. mr mole is one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up. it will be the jockey's last ride in a grade one race.
adam johnson has been charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. the sunderland winger has not been suspended by the club despite the charges. johnson will appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20. the club's hierarchy have decided that johnson should continue playing for the black cats.
wladimir klitschko faces american bryant jennings at madison square garden on saturday. the 39-year-old ukrainian will fight for his 27th heavyweight title. the veteran boxer has 17 successful title defenses in a row since 2006.    jennyings is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago.
chris gayle is currently in india ahead of royal challengers bangalore's ipl season. the batsman posted an instagram picture behind the dj decks ahead of the tournament. gayle will be hoping to win royal challengers' first-ever ipl crown this year. the 35-year-old posted a picture of himself behind some decks on tuesday.
manny pacquiao appeared on friend mario lopez’s extra programme at universal studios. the boxer is preparing for his superfight against floyd mayweather on may 2 in las vegas. he and lopez are friends from training at the same gym in los angeles. the pair sang a duet of lionel ritchie's hello on the show.
ap mccoy will retire at sandown after 20 years as a champion jockey. the legendary jockey has won 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles. he has won the grand national and two cheltenham gold cups in his career. mccoys has lost the equivalent weight of two african elephants in his 25-year career. he spends up to six hours in a sauna six days a week to keep in shape.
paris saint-germain star david luiz and ezequiel lavezzi played a prank on birthday boy zoumana camara. camara was dunked into his cake ahead of psg's trip to face marseille in ligue 1 on sunday. the 36-year-old is a fringe player at psg and is unlikely to feature in the game.
manchester united striker wayne rooney has been interviewed by little ant and dec for itv's takeaway programme. the england captain enjoyed a kick-around with neil overend and hayden reid. rooney admitted that he can find it a little tiresome to have fans chant his name in the street. the interview will be aired on saturday night takeaway at 7pm on itv.
diego maradona guided argentina to world cup glory in 1986. the 54-year-old has not worked since leaving united arab emirates club al-wasl in 2012. since retiring from football he keeps in shape by taking part in boxing training. he is widely considered one of the greatest players of all time.
ufc bantamweight champion ronda rousey appeared at the premiere of fast & furious 7 in hollywood. the action film is out on april 3 in the uk. she wore a sleek black dress and heels to the event at the tcl chinese theatre.   the premiere follows her debut wwe appearance in wrestlemania 31.
branislav ivanovic is yet to open talks over a new contract at chelsea. the serbia captain could be targeted by bayern munich in the january transfer window. paris saint-germain will make a £7million bid for petr cech this summer.
stevan jovetic has made just 39 appearances for manchester city this season. inter milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal for the striker. joveic has started just 11 premier league games for the club. inter are also keen on manchester team-mate yaya toure.
javier hernandez scored the winner against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final. but real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the manchester united striker. the mexico striker has attracted interest from a number of clubs home and abroad.
victor wanyama claims he has never spoken to arsene wenger over a move to arsenal. the saints midfielder was linked with a summer move to the emirates club. the 23-year-old moved from celtic to southampton for £12.5million in 2013. he has not ruled out a reunion with former saints boss mauricio pochettino.
paulo dybala has scored 13 league goals for palermo this season. the 21-year-old has attracted interest from a number of leading clubs in europe. but the striker says he 'would love to stay in serie a'    he would love to play alongside andrea pirlo and does not'speak a word of english or french'
radamel falcao has scored only four goals since arriving on loan at manchester united from monaco. the colombian striker is expected to leave the club in the summer. juventus general manager beppe marotta says the serie a champions cannot afford the striker's wages. the italians are interested in paulo dybala and edinson cavani.
alan pardew is disappointed to be linked with a move for tim krul. the crystal palace manager insists he is happy with current no 1 goalkeeper julian speroni. pardew left newcastle for crystal palace in january. the 53-year-old says he has had no contact with newcastle over a transfer.
kevin de bruyne has attracted interest from manchester city, bayern munich and paris saint-germain. patrick de koster says he could receive 20 phone calls a day about the wolfsburg midfielder. the agent expects to go 'around the world' discussing his client with other clubs. manchestercity are keen to sign the 23-year-old but de bruyne's agent insists no decision has been made.
gareth bale is adamant that he wants to stay at real madrid beyond the end of this season. manchester united are interested in signing the world's most expensive player. carlo ancelotti wants bale to become the best player in the world at madrid. bale has scored 17 goals for real this season but is out of wednesday's champions league clash with atletico madrid with a calf injury. realmadrid want to sign david de gea to be long-term successor to iker casillas at the club.
chelsea defender kurt zouma hopes to one day win the ballon d'or. the 20-year-old joined the blues from saint-etienne in january 2014. he is hoping to emulate compatriot and former club captain marcel desailly. the french defender has impressed at the heart of chelsea's defence this season.
arsenal must make a swift decision on petr cech this summer or risk losing out on the goalkeeper. the chelsea stopper looks certain to leave stamford bridge at the end of the season. arsene wenger has lost the no 1 spot to thibaut courtois. cech will hold talks with jose mourinho to confirm his decision to leave.
yaya toure has hinted that he is open to leaving manchester city this summer. the premier league champions want to offload the 31-year-old midfielder. toure is wanted by inter milan boss roberto mancini. the argentine midfielder says he will not stay at the club just to earn his wages. manuel pellegrini's side are fourth in the league table after a disappointing season.
west ham are showing interest in crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur. the 27-year-old joined palace last summer in a deal worth £7million from wigan athletic. the scotland international has scored twice in 27 premier league appearances for the eagles this season.
manchester united have made an official approach for memphis depay. louis van gaal is keen to make the psv eindhoven winger one of his first signings this summer. the 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for psv this season. depay was named in holland's 23-man world cup squad last year. tottenham were keen on signing depay last summer but psv rejected a £15million bid.
manchester city are preparing bids for raheem sterling, ross barkley and jay rodriguez. frank lampard was one of six homegrown players on their squad list this season. james milner is out of contract in the summer and is considering his options. the club are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level.    sterling could buy out the final year of his contract but is valued at £50million.
manchester city are monitoring juventus striker alvaro morata. the spain international was a target for arsenal a year ago when he left real madrid. city also remain keen on juventus midfielder paul pogba but face competition from paris saint germain.
juventus striker carlos tevez is yet to make a decision on his future despite constant links to boca juniors. tevez has said he wants to end his career at his boyhood club. boca president daniel angelici claimed he was 'close to bringing carlos home'   tevez replicated his famous 'chicken dance' celebration after scoring against lazio.
hearts captain danny wilson has decided to leave the club at the end of the season. the defender activated a clause in his contract to leave tynecastle. the 23-year-old led hearts to championship title success this season. celtic manager ronny deila has been linked with a move for the former rangers player.
carlos tevez has told juventus he wants to leave the club this summer. the 31-year-old striker's contract at juventus does not expire until the end of next season. tevez wants to return to his first club boca juniors in argentina. juventus president daniel angelici has told tevez to terminate his contract with the club.
edinson cavani insists there is 'too much talk' about his future at paris saint-germain. manchester united are interested in signing the uruguayan striker. but cavani says he will stay at the club until his contract expires. nasser al-khelaifi has ruled out selling the striker this summer. robin van persie and radamel falcao could leave old trafford this summer .
georginio wijnaldum favourited sky sports' tweet linking him with a move to the premier league. the psv captain has been linked with manchester united, arsenal and newcastle. the 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for psv this season. he says he is happy at eindhoven but wants to play in a 'great club' in a major league.
juventus and liverpool are interested in signing chelsea midfielder oscar. the 23-year-old has been criticised by jose mourinho in recent weeks. the brazilian midfielder has struggled to make an impact for the club. juventus boss carlos dunga revealed oscar reminds him of roberto baggio.
carlos tevez has told juventus he wants to leave the club this summer. the striker has always said he intends to finish his career at boca juniors in argentina. tevez is under contract at juventus until the end of next season. he is on course to win a second serie a title with the club.
patrick bamford is currently on loan at middlesbrough from parent club chelsea. the 21-year-old has scored 17 goals for the championship side this season. patrick is in talks with parent club over a new contract. he currently earns £7,500 a week at stamford bridge.
sheffield wednesday equalled the club record of 17 clean sheets in a season with a 1-0 win over brentford. tom lees and keiren westwood are in line to be offered new contracts at the club. goalkeeper kieren westwood is among the contenders for the club's player of the year.
chelsea will announce the signing of brazilian wonderkid nathan on wednesday. the 19-year-old will join fellow brazilians willian, ramires, filipe luis and oscar at stamford bridge. manchester city boss manuel pellegrini had hoped to sign the attacking midfielder.
victor moses has returned to parent club chelsea for treatment after injuring his hamstring against west ham united. the winger has been on loan at stoke but is expected to be out for six weeks. stoke are still interested in tying up a permanent deal for the nigeria international. the potters have opened talks with evian over the transfer of defender daniel wass.
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille this summer and free to talk to foreign clubs. swansea have made a contract offer to the striker. the 25-year-old ghana international is keen to move to the premier league. the swans are also keeping track of schalke full-back christian fuchs.
arsenal are keen on signing liverpool winger raheem sterling. the gunners are having reservations over their interest in the 20-year-old. sterling is currently refusing to sign a new contract at anfield. real madrid chief zinedine zidane is also interested in signing the reds forward.
swansea defender christian fuchs is out of contract at schalke this summer. the austria international is keen on a move to the premier league. swansea have expressed an interest in signing the 29-year-old. west bromwich albion are interested in signing left back neil taylor for £4million.
gareth bale has been linked with a move to manchester united this summer. real madrid legend zinedine zidane insists bale will not join the red devils. bale would 'improve any squad in the world'   bale was a big part of real's success last season and 'would improve any squad'  real are reportedly keen on red devils goalkeeper david de gea.
manchester city have decided to listen to offers for yaya toure and samir nasri this summer. premier league champions manuel pellegrini is under intense scrutiny after 4-2 defeat by manchester united. the club are also open to allowing the midfielder to leave the etihad stadium.
helal abbas, 55, lost his bid to become the mayor of tower hamlets in east london days after the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet. the race was won by lutfur rahman, 50, a controversial figure who has been accused of rigging his re-election victory.
tottenham want to offer nabil bentaleb a new deal to ward off interest from rival teams. clubs from across europe are monitoring the algeria international's situation. bentaleb's current deal expires in the summer of 2018. tottenham are in talks over a new contract for the midfielder.
time lapse video shows storm water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park train station in sydney's south. the video was filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11am on wednesday. the flooding forced the partial closure of the t2 airport line. about 80 sets of traffic lights are still out across the city and a number of roads remain closed due to flooding. the two-day total rainfall of 225mm was the most in 17 years.
grace joy roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of her bedside cot and a'safety' ridge cut off oxygen supply to her brain. west sussex coroner penelope schofield has called for 'dangerous' bednest cot to be pulled from the shelves. seven-week-old baby was found with her head over edge of the cot after mother put her down for a nap. cot was endorsed by national children's trust and has been pulled from sale.
blackburn striker rudy gestede has scored 20 goals in the championship for blackburn this season. the 26-year-old has revealed his desire to be playing in the premier league next season. swansea, crystal palace, hull and west brom have been linked with the striker.
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar. it shows the two males sizing each other up before a battle for the attention of a female chameleon. the video maker, who speaks french, recorded the battle of the chameleons.
daniel o'reilly documented his journey to sydney, via doha and melbourne, in a video. he referred to air stewardesses as'sweethearts' and mocked airport cleaners. dapper laughs came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was 'gagging for a rape'   he declared 'dapper laughs is gone' but resurrected his 'ultimate lad' character on christmas day.
nypd officers shot dead a suspect as he fled from the scene of a crime wednesday night. members of the new york police department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar. when he turned around to do so again he was shot dead. no officers were hurt during the incident.
mauricio pochettino will return to st mary's on saturday as tottenham manager. the former southampton boss is looking forward to his return to his former stomping ground. the argentinian left the south coast club in the summer to take up the job at tottenham hotspur.   poc tottenham boss insists he has no desire to be popular among southampton fans.
ronny deila says referees would benefit from a public explanation of their decisions after matches. the celtic manager has called for referees to speak to the media after games. josh meekings was not sent off in the scottish cup semi-final defeat to inverness.
alan pardew is keen on bringing in a marquee signing this summer to boost crystal palace's profile. pardew has guided palace out of the relegation mire since taking charge in january. the eagles boss is prepared to let star winger yannick bolasie leave for '40 to 60 million pounds'   pardew insists chairman steve parish is 'banging on his door' to sign a player.
lorient beat marseille 5-3 at the stade velodrome in ligue 1. it was lorient's first win in five games and moved them clear of the relegation zone. jordan ayew scored a brace for the visitors. andre-pierre gignac and francois bellugou also scored for the away side.
inverness defender josh meekings will be allowed to play in scottish cup final against falkirk on may 30. sfa judicial panel decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case. the charge of deliberate handball against celtic was thrown out.   he admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded.
ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer for a bigger club. the dutchman has guided saints to the top of the premier league this season. koeman's side only need a point to break their record premier league points tally set last season. barcelona and real madrid are not of interest to koeman.
west ham defender carl jenkinson says jack grealish should follow his heart when choosing whether to play for ireland or england. the aston villa winger is torn between representing the republic of ireland and england . the 23-year-old is on loan at west ham from arsenal until the end of the season. jen atkinson played for england at youth level but can still play for the england senior side.
west ham became the first premier league club to reduce season ticket prices for fans. sam allardyce has labelled the move the best business by any club in a long time. west ham's cheapest adult season ticket will cost as little as £289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year.
le'veon bell will miss the first three games of the new season after being charged with marijuana possession. former steeler legarrette blount will miss first game of the season. bell will appeal the nfl's decision to ban him for abusing the league's substance abuse policy. bell was stopped in his car after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana.
tottenham are considering a new state-of-the-art stadium with a retractable pitch for an nfl franchise. tottenham's new £400m stadium is due to be completed for the start of the 2018-19 season. the nfl are said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in london. spurs' new 65,000-seat stadium could be better suited to a nfl london franchise.
mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as southampton manager before moving to tottenham. nicola cortese sacked nigel adkins and replaced him with the argentine. the former saints boss is preparing to return to st mary's for the first time since he left. the argentinian has brought through a number of young players at spurs. he has deployed strict and grueling training methods at both spurs and southampton.
new england patriots will host the opening game of the 2015 nfl season on september 10. the super bowl champions will play the pittsburgh steelers at the gillette stadium. espn will host a double-header of monday night football in week one. seattle seahawks will play st louis rams in their opening game. the nfl released the full schedule for the 2015 season.
the first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of odin lloyd, a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player. hernandez was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges. the former new england patriots star was found guilty of the murder of lloyd in a shooting in a deserted industrial park in 2013.
michael bennett labelled jimmy graham'soft' and 'overrated' after seattle seahawks' win over saints two years ago. bennett says he still feels the same way about his new team-mate. the defensive end says he didn't like graham as a person or a player. graham signed a deal with seattle in free agency.
charles tillman has ended his 12-year career with the chicago bears. the 34-year-old cornerback has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers. tillman will link-up with former bears coach ron rivera. the veteran cornerback was a staple of the bears' defense during his career.
dallas cowboys defensive end greg hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games. domestic violence charges against hardy were abruptly dropped in february. he was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend, nicole holder, and threatening to kill her. nfl commissioner roger goodell concluded that hardy violated the nfl's personal conduct policy.
stevan ridley has signed a one-year deal with the new york jets. the 26-year-old is the 15th player to join the jets in a frantic free agency. ridley played just six games for the patriots last season after suffering a tear to his right acl.
sarah thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season. the 41-year-old was the first woman to work college games in 2007. she was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps.
lesean mccoy was shipped to the buffalo bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso and says chip kelly's team has a 'college feel'   the running back says kelly doesn't like star talent and that he doesn't 'like or respects the stars'  mccoy ran for 1,000 yards in four of six seasons with the eagles.
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault. a shot was fired outside club luxx in dallas, texas, after a physical fight on wednesday morning. talib was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011. he and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend.
adrian peterson is to meet with the nfl to discuss his reinstatement. the minnesota vikings running back was placed on the commissioner's exempt list due to a child abuse case. peterson played once last season and was due to be reinstated on april 15. the 30-year-old has been linked with the dallas cowboys and cardinals.
sarah thomas is set to become the nfl's first permanent female official for regular season games. the 42-year-old mother-of-three from mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge. she will be one of eight new officials for the 2015 season. thomas has been refereeing college games since 1999.
efe obada only took up american football last year and has played just five games for london warriors. the 22-year-old will fly to texas next month for rookie mini-camp. obada was mentored by warriors defensive co-ordinator aden durde.
jacksonville jaguars are committed to playing one home game each year in london until 2015. a competition for uk-based fans is being run to announce sixth and seventh draft picks live on tv. it will be the first time any part of the nfl draft has taken place outside the u.s.
badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell to take the wbc super-middleweight title on points. jack beat dirrell 116-112 and 115-113 at the uic pavilion in chicago on friday night. jack will fight mandatory challenger george groves for the title. danny jacobs stopped caleb truax in the 12th round to defend his wba middleweight title.
nicola adams was due to fight at the english national championships on saturday. but she has pulled out after a burglary at her home in leeds. adams and her family were at home at the time but were not aware of the break-in. she had been due to face great britain rival lisa whiteside.
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in 'the fight of the century' in las vegas on may 2. mayweather holds an undefeated professional boxing record going into the bout. joe calzaghe believes mayweather will overcome the challenge of pacquaio. the former undefeated welshman says mayweather is under more pressure.
the weigh-in for floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao's welterweight fight will take place on may 2. fight organisers have charged fans to attend the weigh in. tickets will cost £6.60 and will go on sale on friday at 8pm. all funds raised will go to charities chosen by the fighters.
luke rockhold beat lyoto machida by second-round submission in new jersey. rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at mma history in new york. jacare souza beat chris camozzi in the co-main event and wants a middleweight title shot.
luke rockhold takes on lyoto machida at welterweight on saturday night in new jersey. machida was wrapped in an electric blanket to make weight before the weigh-in. the brazilian was wearing a sauna suit and covered in a blanket. 'the dragon' later tipped the scales at 185lb for his clash with rockhold.
luke rockhold takes on lyoto machida in a middleweight clash in new jersey on saturday. rockhold is bidding to extend his winning streak to five and earn a title shot. the californian says he has to be the bull to machida's matador. machida is confident he can upset rockhold and earn title shot .
conor mcgregor said he would 'kill' floyd mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds' if he faced the boxer. mayweather is currently in training for his mega-fight against manny pacquiao. mcgregor is preparing for his world title fight against jose aldo in the ufc.
ufc champion ronda rousey made her debut appearance with fast and furious co-star the rock at wrestlemania 31. she wants to 'find a way' to return to the wwe but her focus is on her upcoming fight against bethe correia . she took down co-owner stephanie mcmahon and triple h in front of 77,000 fans.
jeff novitzky is the new vice president of athlete health and performance for the ufc. he was involved in investigations into barry bonds, marion jones and lance armstrong. anderson silva, nick diaz and hector lombard all tested positive for drugs.    ufc announced earlier this year that they will implement a new drug testing programme.
jimi manuwa takes on jan blachowicz in the octagon tonight. the londoner suffered his first defeat to alexander gustafsson last year. jimi believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds.
mirko filipovic faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday. cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 when he was beaten by a first-round head kick. mirko wants to avenge the defeat at ufc 70 in 2007.    gonzuga said he does not consider the fight a rematch because of the eight-year gap.
conor mcgregor insists featherweight champion jose aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does. the irishman defends his title in las vegas on july 11. aldos makes the eighth defence of his belt against mcgregors.
paula creamer has called for a masters tournament for women at augusta national. creamer first floated the idea on twitter following jordan spieth's victory at the masters. the world no 27 suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's event.
chad mendes and ricardo lamas meet in the main event of the ufc featherweight title fight on saturday night. no 1 ranked mendes takes on no 4 ranked lamas at the patriot center in fairfax. conor mcgregor and jose aldo are the other top ranked 145ers in the featherweight division.
justin rose finished joint second in the masters at augusta national earlier this month. rose returns to action at the zurich classic of new orleans at tpc louisiana this week. steve stricker and rickie fowler will also play in the event. stricker is making his way back to full fitness after back surgery last december.
conor mcgregor is challenging jose aldo for his featherweight title in las vegas on july 11. the irishman has a new tattoo of a tiger's face on his stomach. the 26-year-old has already got a gorilla and a heart inked on his chest.
chad mendes beat ricardo lamas in the first round to retain his no 1 featherweight ranking. jorge masvidal fell to a split-decision loss to al iaquinta in the co-main even. dustin poirier and julianna pena made successful returns to the octagon.
lindsey vonn, 30, has been dating golf's former no 1 since 2013. the us alpine skier spoke about her relationship with tiger woods on the late night with seth meyers. she credited him with helping her recover from injury that kept her out of 2014 winter olympics. vonn says woods is a 'great father' to woods' daughter sam, seven, and son charlie, six.
sir nick faldo and tom watson will compete at the open for the last time at st andrews in july. faldo will cross the swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory there. almost 10,000 spectators will be able to watch from seats on the first, 17th and 18th.
bubba watson shows off incredible baseball style shot while practicing in china. the two-time masters champion was working with his caddie. the american showed off the trick shot on twitter. watson finished t-38 at the masters and shenzen international in recent weeks.
former us open champion jim furyk beat kevin kisner on the second play-off hole at the rbc heritage. the 44-year-old finished 18-under in regulation play to win the title at hilton head. furyk hit a final round 63 to finish on eight-under par at harbour town. recent us masters champion jordan spieth finished tied 11th after final round 70.
kiradech aphibarnrat beat chinese teenager li hao-tong in a play-off hole at the inaugural shenzhen international in shenzhen. the 25-year-old won his second european tour title after finishing two shots behind overnight leader .
thailand's kiradech aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to take the lead at the shenzhen international in china. the 25-year-old began the third round one shot behind peter uihlein . bubba watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par.
carly booth is currently in mauritius for a photo shoot with golf punk magazine. the 22-year-old took to instagram to show off her bikini body. the scot is currently ranked world no 520. booth was the youngest-ever scot to qualify for the ladies european tour.
jordan spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 at the rbc heritage. troy merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links. matt kuchar is tied for second place with john merrick after a round of 65.
rory mcilroy's foundation is hosting the dubai duty free irish open at royal county down from may 28-31. us open champion martin kaymer and former world number one luke donald have confirmed their participation. patrick reed has also confirmed his participation in the tournament.
jordan spieth finished the first round of the rbc heritage on three over par. the masters champion finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74. spieth looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in south carolina. matt every and graeme mcdowell shared the lead on five under after first round at hilton head.
rory mcilroy battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan at a game of circular soccer. the world no 1 golfer won 2-1 to promote new football concept circular soccer . the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 .  mcilroy is an avid manchester united fan and dreamed of playing for the red devils as a child.
world no 9 agnieszka radwanska lost to sara errani 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in two hours and eight minutes at porsche grand prix in stuttgart. ana ivanovic lost to caroline garcia on tuesday in the fifth seed's second round exit. world no 15 errani will now face kazakhstan's zarina diyas in second round.
rafael nadal lost 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to italian fabio fognini in the third round of the barcelona open. the world no 4 was looking for a ninth title at the tournament. nadal was playing in front of his home crowd at the catalan clay court. he will now face pablo andujar in the quarter-finals of the event.
deposed masters champion bubba watson sits four shots off home hope huang wen-yi's lead at augusta national. watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 and is in joint 17th place at the shenzhen international. the defending champion finished 38th in the defence of his masters crown.
jordan spieth returns to golf just days after winning the masters at augusta national. the 21-year-old will play in the rbc heritage classic at harbour town this week. spieth equaled tiger woods' masters record of 18-under 270 to win the green jacket. he has had 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours since the victory.
rafael nadal beat spanish compatriot nicolas almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the barcelona open third round. world no 4 is looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court. the second seed was watched by barcelona forward neymar in the crowd. nadal will play 13th seed fabio fognini or andrey rublev on thursday.
there will be a capacity of 7,000 for july's match against france at london's queen's club. british tennis fans face a wimbledon-type scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets. only around 2,500 tickets will be available to the ordinary public. the rest will go to organisations and governing bodies. andy murray will lead the gb team in the tie at july 17-19.
marin cilic lost to victor estrella of the dominican republic at the barcelona open. cilic is the 2014 u.s. open champion but is struggling with a shoulder injury. estrella beat main cilic 6-4 6- 4 in the second round of the tournament.
serbian fifth seed ana ivanovic lost 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 to france's caroline garcia in the first round of the 2015 porsche tennis grand prix in stuttgart. it was the third time this year that the 2014 runner-up has lost to garcia. russian ekaterina makarova and carla suarez navarro both beat qualifiers in first round.
angelique kerber of germany beats top seed maria sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1 at porsche grand prix. madison brengle of the u.s. also upset third seed petra kvitova in the second round. three-time defending champion lost her world no 2 ranking after the defeat.
jose mourinho was given a tour of wimbledon as part of jaguar's new deal with the all england lawn tennis club. chelsea manager said he felt like he was british when andy murray won the 2013 men's title. mourino also described sw19 as'more than a grand slam' due to its traditions and aura. murray beat novak djokovic to win britian's first title in 77 years.
serena williams beat italian sara errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the fed cup play-off on sunday. america were beaten 3-2 by italy in the doubles rubber and relegated to world group ii. world no 1 says she is not as ready for the claycourt season as she thought.
japan's kei nishikori beat teymuraz gabashvili 6-3 6-4 in the second round of the barcelona open. the top seed made a successful start to his title defence. madrid-born 2010 champion fernando verdasco crashed out of the competition against andrey rublev.
martina navratilova's brief stint as coach of agnieszka radwanska is over. the pair announced in december that they would be working together. radwinska has struggled this season and was knocked out in the first round in stuttgart.
novak djokovic is world no 1 and in superb form, but rafa nadal insists he has no worries about roland garros. the spaniard was beaten by the serb at the monte carlo masters last week. nadal is looking to win the french open for a sixth consecutive year. but nadal says this year is no different to previous years.
queen's club will host davis cup quarter final against france from july 17-19. british captain leon smith wants to take on the french on grass. jo wilfried tsonga is back to form after overcoming an arm problem. andy murray will play at queen's club in the quarter final.
jenson button failed to start the bahrain grand prix due to energy recovery system failure. lewis hamilton won his third race of the season after finishing second. kimi raikkonen finished a record seventh time on the podium in the gulf kingdom. nico rosberg has only beaten his mercedes team-mate once this season.
jenson button failed to complete qualifying for the bahrain grand prix. button stopped on track in each of the practice sessions due to technical issues. button will start the race 20th and last after his engine failure and sensor issue. fernando alonso managed to get a mclaren into q2 for the first time this season.
bernie ecclestone confirms azerbaijan will stage the european grand prix next season. the race will be held in the capital of baku. human rights watch has criticised the country's human rights record. but f1 chief maintains the sport has conducted its due diligence on the country.
world no 1 novak djokovic defeated tomas berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 in the final at monte carlo open. the serbian became the first player to win the opening three masters 1000 events of the clay court season. the serb beat the czech in three sets in a rain-hit match.
lewis hamilton qualified on pole position for the bahrain grand prix on saturday. his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton. hamilton has dominated roberg this season and is 17 points ahead of the briton .
jenson button failed to start the bahrain grand prix after he broke down in qualifying. the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid. button's mclaren team had to work hard to get his car ready in time for the race.
lewis hamilton takes pole position for the bahrain grand prix by four tenths of a second. sebastian vettel of ferrari was second with team-mate nico rosberg third. jenson button will start 20th after his mclaren broke down in qualifying.
ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has urged kimi raikkonen to improve his performances if he wants to stay at ferrari. the finn's contract ends at the end of the current formula one season. raikkonen has said he has never been happier working with a team in his career.
ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with kimi raikkonen. lewis hamilton is yet to sign his new contract with the maranello marque.    it has been suggested that hamilton will replace raikonen at ferrari for next season.
nico rosberg described ferrari's pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying' ahead of bahrain grand prix. the mercedes driver topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs during friday practice. but he trails team-mate lewis hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings.
formula one supremo bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to consider a move from mercedes to ferrari. hamilton is yet to sign a new contract with mercedes. the 30-year-old is 13 points ahead of team-mate sebastian vettel in the drivers' championship.
davy condon suffered spinal concussion in a fall at aintree during the grand national this month. it was the second spinal injury within a year for the irish jockey. condon was riding portrait king when he fell at the third-last of the race. the jockey was advised to retire after seeing a specialist.
french trainer freddy head likens 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to charm spirit. head says he is 'on the same sort of level' as charm spirit was at this time last year. 34 colts remain in the field for the first classic of the season on saturday.
jenson button's mclaren broke down in the first practice session of the bahrain grand prix. button finished 19th after finishing 19th in free practice. button's car suffered an electrical fault three minutes into the first session. the car returned to the garage and he finished the day in 19th. button fears he will be at the back of the grid for sunday's qualifying.
robbie mcnamara broke eight ribs, cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs after a fall at wexford. the jockey says he is feeling 'great and optimistic' as he continues to recover from injuries. he was due to partner lord windermere in the grand national at aintree.
ap mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown on saturday if he can secure mounts. the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey will ride in the handicap hurdle at 5.35. there had been speculation he would end his career in the celebration chase or bet365 gold cup.
arsenal legend ian wright will present ap mccoy with his final champion jockeys trophy at sandown on saturday. ian played for arsenal for seven years and broke every scoring record at the club. thierry henry was asked to present the award but sky did not allow it. mccoy has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season.
northampton face saracens at stadiummk on saturday. tom wood is keen for his side to regain their form after recent defeats by clermont and exeter. harlequins full back ugo monye is hanging up his boots at the end of the season.
jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh on a two-year deal. the 20-year-old worcester warriors prop has been capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side. edinburgh reached the european cup final last season and are in the play-off final.
michael allen will join edinburgh on a two-year deal at the end of the season. the 24-year-old ulster back has never lived outside of ireland. he can play either at wing or centre for the club. allen is a former pupil of methodist college belfast.
mariano galarza played for gloucester against sale sharks despite being ineligible. the rfu has said he should have been ineligible for the match. the aviva premiership club will face a rugby football union hearing.    the club face the prospect of having points deducted for the misdemeanour.
billy vunipola, steffon armitage and nick abendanon have been shortlisted for european player of the year award. saracens no 8 and toulon flanker have starred in this season's champions cup. leinster's jamie heaslip and clermont's fritz lee are also on the shortlist.
davy mcgregor was playing for heriot's racing club against the barbarians for their 125th anniversary. hooker was caught by an opponent's hip or shorts. the hooker's ear was left hanging off after the horrific injury. the irish rugby player is on his way to a plastic surgeon to have it replaced.
manu tuilagi has been out of action since october with a groin injury. the leicester tigers centre has not played for england since the three-test summer tour of new zealand in 2014. the 23-year-old is taking his recovery 'week by week' to return to action in time for the pre-world cup. manu tuilagi picked up the injury in october.
mike brown was knocked out in the rbs 6 nations test against italy in february. the harlequins full back is still showing signs of concussion nine weeks later. brown could miss the rest of the season and may not play again until the world cup warm-up matches in august. the 29-year-old has taken no part in training or team meetings.
mike fitzgerald has helped the chiefs win two super rugby titles. the new zealander will follow peter betham to leicester tigers next season. the 28-year-old lock will follow the waratahs wing to welford road next year.
matt giteau has not played for australia since the 2011 world cup in new zealand. the fly half was left out of the wallabies squad for the last tournament. he is currently playing for toulon and is eligible to play for the national side again. australias had a policy of not picking players based abroad for the world cup. but the aru announced a u-turn and will pick 'elite' players from abroad.
andy farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the world cup coming up. england assistant coach says stuart lancaster's side are in great shape ahead of the tournament. stuart lancaster’s side begin their world cup campaign against fiji at twickenham on september 18. farrell admits that england have some tough decisions to make in terms of selection.
players with 60 caps playing overseas can now be selected for australia. the aru passed a new rule to allow players with over 60 caps to play for the wallabies. players with seven years' professional contract with australian rugby will be eligible. adam ashley-cooper, drew mitchell and matt giteau are among those eligible.
england lead west indies by 74 runs after day three of the second test in grenada. joe root is unbeaten on 118 not out at stumps after posting a commanding score of 373 for six. gary ballance, ben stokes and moeen ali all took wickets for the visitors. jonathan trott and alastair cook also scored half-centuries for england.
joe root is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second test against the west indies at the national cricket stadium in grenada. england captain alastair cook scored 76 not out after missing out on a century. cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a test ton. jonathan trott scored 59 runs for england in the first innings.
marlon samuels gave ben stokes a send-off salute after giving his wicket away in the second test on thursday night. the west indies all-rounder was wicket-taking at the close of the third day. geoffrey boycott said the gesture was good 'banter' and was seen as 'fun' by graeme swann. stokes was dismissed by devendra bishoo for a duck.
alastair cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions. new zealand all-rounder corey anderson could miss the test series in england with a broken finger. west indies bowler shannon gabriel's fastest delivery was 94.3mph.
stuart broad took three wickets for 19 as england bowled west indies out for 299 on day two of the second test in grenada. broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year. alastair cook and jonathan trott guided england to 74 runs without loss at st george's. broad backs cook to go onto a big hundred and put his side in a winning position.
australian batsman aaron finch has had surgery on his hamstring. finch was injured playing for mumbai indians in the indian premier league. the world cup-winning batsman faces three months out of action after the operation. the 28-year-old was captain of australia's twenty20 team.
alastair cook passed alec stewart's 8,463 runs to become england's second highest test run-scorer. stuart broad bowled beyond 90 miles per hour for the first time since returning from knee surgery. cook and jonathan trott shared a first half-century stand on day two of the third test.
zara phillips pulls out of rolex kentucky three-day event after high kingdom suffers injury. the queen's granddaughter was due to make her debut at the event. high kingdom suffered a cut leg after kicking out and cutting himself in his stable. phillip won silver at london 2012 and 2014 world equestrian games on high kingdom.
san antonio spurs beat los angeles clippers 100-73 in game 3 to take 2-1 series lead. kawhi leonard scored a play-off career high 32 points for the spurs. houston rockets beat dallas 130-128 to take a 3-0 lead over toronto raptors. the clippers must now come from behind after two straight defeats in the series.
alastair cook's former team-mate graeme swann pointed out when the england captain's form turned. adil rashid was made to wait for his test debut after being left out on day one. devon smith became the first grenadan to score a test run in grenada. joe root 'wasn't a massive fan' after the first time he faced james anderson. marlon samuels has no 50s in five tests against england.
ben stokes and marlon samuels clashed on the opening day of the second test in grenada. stokes is 'battling himself' and is 'not listening to me' as he tries to score runs. samuels says the england players 'don't learn' and that stokes 'can't help' talking to him . the west indies batsman is 94 not out after a hard-fought opening day and is in good form.
alejandro valverde successfully defended his fleche wallonne title on wednesday. movistar rider finished ahead of julian alaphilippe and michael albasini. team sky's chris froome fell in the final 12km but finished 123rd after a fall. former winner philippe gilbert pulled out of the race after a crash.
ronnie o'sullivan beat craig steadman 10-3 in the first round of the world snooker championship on wednesday. the five-time world champion had trouble with his shoes at the crucible. the 39-year-old could face a small fine for breach of dress code. o'ssullivan asked for a new pair of shoes after winning his first round match.
reanne evans saw her 10-year reign as women's world snooker champion end on tuesday. evans lost 4-2 to hong kong's ng on yee in the semi-finals of the world amateur championship. the 29-year-old lost to ken doherty in the first round of qualifying for the world championship.
world no 1 michael van gerwen beat james wade 7-0 in the betway premier league on thursday night. world champion gary anderson lost 7-1 to stephen bunting. raymond van barneveld beat dave chisnall and phil taylor drew 6-6 with adrian lewis.
cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 99-91 at home to take 2-0 lead in playoff series. washington wizards beat toronto raptors 117-106 in toronto. dwight howard scored 28 points as houston rockets beat dallas mavericks 111-99.
judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 in the first round of the betfred world championship. trump led 7-2 from wednesday but carrington fought back to win the match. trump will now face marco fu in the second round. defending champion mark selby beat anthony mcgill 10-4 in the opening second round match.
paula radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the london marathon on sunday. but celebrity doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has made sure she will race. radcliffe will compete in her final competitive marathon of her career. the doctor has worked with ronaldo, michael owen and usain bolt.
china's ding junhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 at the world snooker championship. the world no 3 potted 12 reds and 12 blacks before screwing back for the blue instead of the black. ding realised what he had done and chuckled before starting to giggle. ding would have pocketed £30,000 for the maximum break at the crucible.
jimmy butler scored 31 points as the chicago bulls beat the milwaukee bucks 91-82 on monday. the golden state warriors beat the new orleans pelicans 97-87 to take a 2-0 lead in their nba play-offs series. butler set a play-off career-high of 31 points in the victory against the bucks.
stephen curry scored 40 points as the golden state warriors beat new orleans pelicans 123-119 in overtime. curry hit seven 3s as golden state completed a fourth-quarter comeback to lead play-off series 3-0. chicago beat milwaukee 113-106 in double overtime to set up a series sweep against milwaukee. lebron james scored 31 points as cleveland cavaliers beat boston 103-95 in boston.
chris paul and luol deng will play in the first-ever nba game held in africa on august 1. the game will be a team africa vs team world exhibition at the ellis park stadium in johannesburg. more than 35 players from africa have played in the nba since 1984.
neil robertson beat welshman jamie jones 10-2 in the first round of the world championship at the crucible. the 2010 champion has committed more hours to the game than ever before. barry hawkins beat qualifier matthew selt 10-9 in a final-frame decider.
arsene wenger wants cesc fabregas to be shown the'respect he deserves' when he returns to arsenal on sunday. the midfielder returns to the emirates stadium to face chelsea. wenger hopes fans will give him a good reception at the club's home ground. jose mourinho has won seven and drawn five of his 12 meetings with wenger.
aston villa attacker gabriel agbonlahor missed the semi-final win against liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury. the 28-year-old posted a video on instagram of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer . tim sherwood's side face manchester city at the etihad on saturday.
just nine points separates the bottom seven teams in the premier league. chris ramsey feels qpr will avoid relegation if they win three more league games. sean dyche insists burnley are not scared of relegation. tim sherwood believes his appointment at aston villa has given his side belief and confidence.
former everton chairman and life president sir philip carter has died aged 87. carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of football association. he was chairman of everton throughout the 1980s. under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an fa cup and the european cup. bill kenwright paid tribute to carter as a great man and the very best friend anyone could ask for.
danny ings hasn't scored since february 11 for burnley and is struggling for form. burnley manager sean dyche insists that the rest of his players must share the goalscoring burden. ings has been linked with a move to manchester united or liverpool. everton lost 1-0 at burnley on saturday and have scored just one goal in their last seven matches.
aaron lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at everton from tottenham. roberto martinez wants to get the most out of the winger in the time he has left at goodison park. martinez says discussions about the winger's future will come at the end of the season. reports have linked lenn on with a swap deal with kevin mirallas.
kevin mirallas has been linked with a move away from everton this season. roberto martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for the belgian star.    martinez believes mirallas is happy and wants him to be part of the future at the club. the toffees host manchester united on sunday afternoon at goodison park.
leroy fer has not played since injuring his knee against sunderland back in february. the dutch midfielder could be rushed back for london derby at home to west ham. manager chris ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on the 25-year-old.
steve mcclaren has called speculation linking him with newcastle 'disrespectful'    john carver is the current incumbent in the newcastle hotseat. derby boss insists his sole focus is to get derby promoted to the premier league. mcclaren is understood to be one of two people on newcastle's short list for the job.
steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league this season and avoid relegation. hull were beaten 2-0 by southampton on saturday and are two points clear of the drop zone. hull have six games to save their season after losing to southampton. ronald koeman's side moved up to fifth in the table.
alan pardew says crystal palace manager would sell yannick bolasie if offered £40-60million. pardew claims all of his players are 'undervalued' at selhurst park. the former newcastle boss says he would sell the winger if the right offer came in. palace boss pardew insists 'every player has a price'   pardew is ready to fend off big-money bids for several of his stars.
john carver says newcastle's hierarchy must try to end protests against the club. newcastle fans have planned a mass protest against owner mike ashley on saturday. at least 10,000 supporters boycotted the club's last home game against spurs. carver has called for unity at the club following a divisive season. the supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of swansea's match.
esteban cambiasso signed a one-year deal with leicester city last summer. the 34-year-old midfielder is wanted by delhi dynamos for india's i-league. leicester are currently 18th in the premier league. nigel pearson wants the former real madrid midfielder to stay at leicester. but leicester's premier league status may depend on his future.
thibaut verlinden is a highly regarded member of belgium's u16 squad. the 15-year-old midfielder is set to sign for stoke city this summer. mark hughes has also persuaded barcelona's mohamed el ouriachi to join.
romelu lukaku is everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals. the belgium striker faced abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland. he used it as an added motivation to score goals for his side. the 21-year-old hailed the work rate of strike partner arouna kone, who allows him to focus on scoring.
southampton fans have not forgiven mauricio pochettino for leaving for spurs last year. southampton face tottenham at white hart lane on saturday. fans are planning to show their support for dutch manager ronald koeman by wearing orange.
queens park rangers are in the drop zone of the premier league with 28 points. chris ramsey believes his side will stay up with three wins from the last five games. rangers face west ham, liverpool, manchester city, newcastle and leicester. ramsey wants his side to improve their defensive concentration.
everton claimed a win over struggling burnley at goodison park on saturday. tom heaton produced a string of saves against everton and saved ross barkley's penalty. eden hazard starred for chelsea as they beat manchester united. craig gardner starred for west brom at crystal palace on his return to crystal palace.
england under 21 captain jack butland has revealed he voted for harry kane to win pfa young player of the year. butland hopes to emulate iker casillas by winning the european championship this summer. the 22-year-old joined gareth southgate and michael owen at st george's park.
brendan rodgers insists he is the man to guide liverpool to success. the liverpool manager is under pressure following the fa cup semi-final defeat by aston villa. rodgers has been boosted by the news that jordan henderson has committed his future to the club. the manager hopes raheem sterling will follow suit and commit his future.
swansea city are interested in signing blackburn rovers striker rudy gestede. garry monk has made signing a striker his priority for the summer. the benin international is rated at £7million by blackburn. anderlecht's aleksandar mitrovic and club brugge's obbi oulare have also attracted interest.
there are just four points separating the bottom five in the premier league with six games to go. leicester, burnley and qpr are the only teams in the relegation zone. sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years. danny ings needs to score regularly for burnley to stay up.
sebastien pocognoli says he's baffled by tony pulis' decision to drop him from the starting 11 at west brom. the left back says he doesn't understand why he's not playing for the club. the belgian defender was an important player under alan irvine at birmingham.
mark hughes has opened talks over a contract extension for in-demand goalkeeper asmir begovic. begovic has attracted interest from several top clubs, including real madrid. stoke boss mark hughes is keen to keep begovic at the club after stoke's 2-1 win over southampton on saturday.
leonardo ulloa opened the scoring for leicester city in the 15th minute at the king power stadium.   leicester moved off the bottom of the premier league table for the first time since november. andy king scored a late second goal to put leicester 2-0 up against swansea city.
adam rooney does not want to see celtic win the league on their patch on may 11. aberdeen are eight points ahead of second place and could win the title. rooney was nominated for the scotland player of the year. the irishman has netted 27 goals this season.
harry kane scored his 30th goal of the season for tottenham in their 3-1 win at newcastle united on sunday. the pfa player of the year nominee tops this week's ea sports' performance index. christian eriksen sits third in the rankings after scoring vs newcastle. eden hazard, nacer chadli and morgan schneiderlin also feature in the top 10.
west ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year. manager sam allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing for any premier league club. the cheapest season ticket at upton park is £620.
andre blackman, 24, stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from harrods in knightsbridge. he was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work at hammersmith magistrates' court.   blackman told the judge his attempts to find a new club might be hindered by the order. blackman has been told by blackpool boss lee clark that he is surplus to requirements.
west bromwich albion host liverpool at hawthorns on saturday. the baggies are eight points above the premier league relegation zone. head coach tony pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams. manchester united, chelsea and arsenal face west brom in their final five games.
tottenham striker is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season awards. harry kane has scored 20 premier league goals for spurs this season. the young striker is being animated in a new animation. the video features some of kane's best goals and celebrations from the season.
chris sutton has branded additional official alan muir 'idiotic' for failing to see a handball by inverness defender josh meekings in sunday's scottish cup semi-final. the former hoops striker has called for more accountability for officials. celtic lost 1-0 to invernesses in the scottian cup final at celtic park.
inverness defender josh meekings handled a goal-bound header from celtic's leigh griffiths in sunday's scottish cup semi-final. inverness lost 3-2 after extra-time at the parkhead club. the sfa have served a retrospective notice of complaint to ban him from the final. but invernesses have vowed to 'vigorously defend' their player.
celtic lost 2-1 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final after extra time. ronny deila was angry at the referee's decision to award a penalty and send off josh meekings. craig gordon was rightly sent off for fouling marley watkins. steven mclean also awarded a penalty but celtic missed it.    the parkhead side were denied a clear penalty and went on to lose the game.
john brown says celtic have a case of'sour grapes' about their recent scottish cup exit. the rangers legend was part of the ibrox side that lost to inverness in 1989.    brown says it is 'a bit of sour grapes' that rangers are frustrated with the officials.
stuart mccall says he is already looking at transfer targets for rangers for next season. interim ibrox boss still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign. rangers are currently in the play-off positions in the scottish championship.
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup final at hampden park. john hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice. celtic are'seeking an understanding' of the failure to penalise josh meekings. the former striker had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while playing for the club.
newcastle united owner mike ashley owns an 8.92 per cent stake in rangers. interim chairman paul murray and director john gilligan held talks with ashley on wednesday. the rangers board have held their first meeting with the sports direct owner.
walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself a successful manager at a stable club. the ibrox legend worked closely with mccoist and coach kenny mcdowall at rangers. smith believes both men have something left to offer in football.
tim sherwood is confident aston villa can secure their premier league survival with five games remaining. villa are four points above the bottom three and face manchester city on saturday. manager sherwood could have striker gabriel agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury.
real madrid star isco has lost his place in the starting line-up at the bernabeu. the spaniard was dropped to the bench after james rodriguez's return to fitness. isco admitted he is unhappy with carlo ancelotti's decision to drop him. he returned to the starting xi for the champions league semi-final, but only due to injuries.
john brown says ally mccoist will be welcomed back to ibrox 'with open arms'    the club's record scorer was axed as manager but has been on garden leave since december. dave king is now chairman of the club and has appointed stuart mccall as interim boss.
bacary sagna left arsenal for manchester city last summer. the defender has only made 16 appearances for city this season and faces a year without a trophy. manuel pellegrini's side are fourth in the premier league, with arsenal second. sagna insists he would make the same decision again if he was faced with it.
arsene wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with jose mourinho. the arsenal manager has failed to win in 12 games against the manager. arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday in the premier league. cesc fabregas will return to face his former club for the first time.
floyd mayweather spends up to three minutes in the cryotherapy bath after training. the bath is cooled to -175f (-115c) using liquid nitrogen to aid his recovery. mayweather's mega-fight against manny pacquiao is less than two weeks away. the boxer was the first person to use the bath in subzero recovery.
tottenham have won two of 10 premier league matches at 12.00pm this season. six of the 10 games have followed europa league games on thursday nights. tottenham bossmauricio pochettino has blamed the lunchtime kick-off for spurs' lethargy. hugo lloris will stay at the club even if they fail to qualify for the champions league.
bayern munich manager pep guardiola has yet to commit his future to the german giants. guardiola's contract expires at the end of the 2015-16 season. former bayern boss ottmar hitzfeld says lucien favre should replace guardiola at the allianz arena. monchengladbach boss favre is on course for champions league football next season.
pep guardiola will see out his three-year contract at bayern munich, claims ceo karl-heinz rummenigge. guardiola has been linked with a move to manchester city. the german champions reached the champions league semi-finals on wednesday. but guardiola 'would not go to a club like manchester'
real madrid face barcelona in the champions league semi-final in berlin on june 6. it would be the biggest match in europe's biggest competition. real madrid and barcelona have only met twice this season in la liga. real vs barcelona would be a great match-up for the world to watch.
former rangers chairman and manager walter smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas. smith stepped down as chairman of rangers two years ago. dave king is yet to obtain the sfa clearance to become chairman of the club. rangers face dumbarton in the scottish championship promotion play-offs.
manny pacquiao holds open workout at wild card gym in los angeles ahead of floyd mayweather fight. pacquaio takes on fl floyd mayweather on may 2 in the most lucrative fist fight in history. the filipino star opened up about his motivation and journey to the top in boxing. mayweather will be paid $120 million to win the bout at the mgm grand.
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight with manny pacquiao. mayweather was photographed taking the scales at 150.5 lbs for the wbc's mandatory weight check 30 days before the fight. the pair will go head-to-head at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2.  mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak against the filipino.
manny pacquiao and trainer freddie roach laughed at the gift given by celebrity lawyer robert shapiro. the pacman was given a speed ball with the face of floyd mayweather's face painted on it. mayweather takes on the eight-division world champion in less than three weeks. the bout is billed as 'the biggest fight in history'   mayweather has been coping with hand injuries and a split lip.
floyd mayweather jnr faces manny pacquiao in the richest-ever boxing fight on may 2 in las vegas. mayweather will earn more than $100million in the mega-fight. he is the owner of his own boxing business and has his own gym. the boxer says he is proud of being his own boss.
floyd mayweather jnr continued his swimming routine ahead of manny pacquiao mega-fight. the boxer took to the pool to complete a few lengths as his trainer looked on. the two boxers meet in las vegas on may 2 in what is being dubbed the richest fight in boxing history.
floyd mayweather's fight against manny pacquiao will cost us viewers up to $100 (£67.48) on may 2. the fight is the most expensive in pay-per-view boxing history. tv companies hbo and showtime have confirmed the recommended prices for the fight. mayweather faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2.
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in a £160million mega-fight in las vegas on may 2. actor mark wahlberg stopped by to see the filipino at training. mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing to hold a weight from his head.
arsenal host liverpool at the emirates stadium on saturday (12.45pm) danny welbeck faces a fitness test on knee injury picked up on international duty with england. alex oxlade-chamberlain remains unavailable for arsene wenger's side. liverpool striker daniel sturridge is expected to return from hip injury to face arsenal.
holders sevilla will take on fiorentina for a place in this season's europa league final. napoli face dnipro for a spot in the warsaw final, which takes place on may 27. the draw for the last four was made at uefa's headquarters in nyon.
burnley host tottenham hotspur at turf moor (sunday 1.30pm)   stephen ward should be back in contention for burnley after recovering from ankle injury. hugo lloris will miss sunday's premier league clash at burnley with a knee injury. danny rose will be assessed after returning from an england call-up.
manchester city director of football txiki begiristain met jurgen k klopp to assess him for the manager's job in 2013. borussia dortmund boss will leave the club at the end of the season. city went on to appoint manuel pellegrini as roberto mancini's replacement.
sam allardyce is not the man to lead west ham united to the olympic stadium . rafael benitez could return to english football after leaving napoli and may be persuaded by the hammers project. west ham have been playing relegation football since christmas. jurgen klopp rejected the overtures of west ham united.
iyanna mayweather has been spending time in her father floyd's training camp. floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2. iyanna says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym. mayweather vs pacqu qiao is billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history.
floyd mayweather took to his shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet on wednesday. mayweather faces manny pacquiao in the most expensive bout in boxing history on may 2 in las vegas. boxing legend muhammad ali wants to beat mayweather, according to his daughter.
arsene wenger should be given two more years at arsenal, according to nigel winterburn. jurgen klopp has announced he will leave dortmund at the end of the season. klopp would be perfect for arsenal but the club should keep faith with wenger, says the gunners legend.
thomas tuchel will replace jurgen k klopp as manager of borussia dortmund at the start of july. k klopp announced he was leaving dortmund after seven years at the end of the season. the 41-year-old will take over on a three-year deal. both tuchel and k klopp have been manager of mainz before. tuchell is currently seeing out the final year of his mainz contract and taking a year-long break from football.
usain bolt took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three on a trip in brazil. the jamaican sprinter is in rio de janeiro to promote an event. bolt has admitted that the 2016 olympics will be his last. the six-time gold-medal sprinter visited a small gym in mangueira favela on thursday.
kenya's athletics federation has suspended two management companies ahead of doping investigations. volare sports and rosa & associati have been banned from working in kenya for six months. marathon world record holder dennis kimetto's agent has been banned. kenyan authorities have blamed the rise in doping on foreign agents.
usain bolt wants to beat his own 200-metre world record by running under 19 seconds. the jamaican sprinter ran the distance in 19.19 sec at the 2009 world championships in berlin. bolt insists he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit. the six-time olympic gold medallist is currently in rio de janeiro.
red is the colour of the football league based on the party holding each club's constituency. 18 of the 20 premier league clubs are in labour consituencies. the conservatives have 29 and the liberal democrats only seven. ed miliband's party has mps in 55 of the 92 clubs in the top four divisions.
matt derbyshire opened the scoring after four minutes for rotherham. ross mccormack equalised for steve evans' side in the 67th minute. kit symons admitted his side were second best and need to rebuild in the summer.
tiger woods finished 5-under-par at the masters on sunday. the four-time masters champion drilled his club into a tree root on the ninth hole at augusta. the 39-year-old was forced to drop his club and scream in agony. woods claimed he popped a ligament in his right wrist back into place. the american finished 13 strokes behind jordan spieth.
rotherham fielded derby defender farrend rawson in the 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday. steve evans believes a decision is imminent on a possible points deduction for rotherham. the football league are investigating the millers for fielding an ineligible player. the club played rawson after his youth loan had expired.
real madrid defender raphael varane filmed the team's entrance to the santiago bernabeu. fans mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows as real arrived to play atletico madrid. javier hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute against atletico in the champions league.
paris saint-germain were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona in the champions league quarter-final. coach laurent blanc says his side are still not ready to win the competition. blaise matuidi says that psg need more time to reach the top.
newcastle united fans have planned a mass protest against owner mike ashley on saturday. supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of st james' park match against swansea. newcastle have lost their last six premier league games under caretaker manager john carver. garry monk insists newcastle's players will not be affected by the protests.
joe launchbury has been out since october due to a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck. wasps lock is hopeful of making his comeback against leicester tigers on may 9. launchbury could make his debut at the club's new home at the ricoh arena. the 24-year-old still has aspirations of playing for england at the world cup.
napoli manager rafael benitez is out of contract this summer. the spaniard has won 12 trophies since 2002 with valencia, liverpool, chelsea and napoli. manchester city, paris st germain and real madrid are all considering changes. the 55-year-old has won the europa league twice with napoli and is a man in demand.
yaya toure's agent dimitri seluk wants to meet with manchester city to discuss the midfielder's future. toure has hinted that he is open to leaving the etihad stadium this summer. the 31-year-old has two years left on his current contract at manchester.
jack wilshere was on the bench for arsenal against reading after five months out through injury. ray parlour has backed the 23-year-old to be the future of the club. but the club legend fears his injury record could turn him into another abou diaby. arsene wenger's side face aston villa in the fa cup final on saturday.
manchester united have over eight million followers on weibo, almost double that of twitter. guangzhou evergrande taobao are third on the list of clubs with most weibo followers. arsenal are the most popular premier league club globally with 5.68million followers. china's government outlaws twitter as they seek to control the media.
alexis sanchez has scored 22 goals in all competitions for arsenal this season. the chilean forward has been nominated for pfa player of the year award. sanchez signed from barcelona last summer. the forward has singled out team-mate and fellow attacker santi cazorla as a'spectacular' player. arsenal are currently second in the premier league table.
patrice evra believes juventus played 'ugly' against monaco in the champions league quarter-final. massimiliano allegri's team beat monaco 1-0 at the stade louis ii on wednesday night. paul pogba is likely to miss the semi-finals .
bafetimbi gomis injured his hamstring in swansea's 1-1 draw with everton last weekend. the striker will miss three to four weeks with a grade two hamstring strain. the frenchman had scored four in his last seven matches after excelling since wilfried bony's departure.
barcelona and bayern munich are in the champions league semi-finals. real madrid and juventus both won on wednesday to reach the last four of the competition. lionel messi, neymar and luis suarez lead the line for barcelona in the semi-final line-up. bayern will face bayern in the final in berlin on june 6.
john peacock has named his squad for next month's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria. england are the defending champions and are in group d with holland, italy and republic of ireland. chris willock and stephy mavididi have been called up to the squad for the first time. herbie kane and trent arnold also included in the squad.
police appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded at hillsborough disaster 26 years ago. images released as part of ongoing home office inquiry into disaster which killed 96 liverpool fans. investigators believe those pictured may be able to answer questions of victims' families. images are 26 years old but investigators believe they may help track down key witnesses.
jordan spieth visited to the observation deck of the empire state building on monday. the masters champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket. spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory at augusta. he is the second-youngest masters champion of all time. justin rose missed a putt on the 16th that set spieth on his way to victory.
jordan henderson is 'over the moon' after signing a new long-term contract with liverpool. the midfielder put pen to paper on a deal worth more than £100,000 per week. the deal will keep him at liverpool until the summer of 2020. liverpool vice captain could be handed the armband when steven gerrard leaves the club.
chelsea manager jose mourinho was in the crowd to watch marcus bettinelli in fulham's 1-1 draw against rotherham. the 22-year-old goalkeeper could potentially provide back-up for thibaut courtois at chelsea. second choice goalkeeper petr cech is expected to leave the club in the summer.
bayern munich lost 3-1 away at porto in the champions league on tuesday. pep guardiola is confident his team will overturn the scoreline at home in the semi-final. guardiola's side lead the bundesliga by 12 points and are in the german cup semi-finals. franck ribery is set to miss bayern's home game against porto because of an ankle injury.
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid's 50 matches this season. carlo ancelotti's side have won all of their eight matches without the welshman. bale missed wednesday night's champions league win over atletico due to injury. real have a 69 per cent win record without the £86million man.
thiago alcantara would never have signed for manchester united even if david moyes wanted him. pep guardiola wanted to sign thiago from bayern munich. but moye wasn't keen on the midfielder and he wasn't the right fit for united. thiago is one of the best passers of the ball in the world. he dictated the pace of the game from deep for bayern in their 6-1 win over porto.
southampton are only ranked 16th in the premier league in terms of wage bill but are seventh in the league. chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest wage payers with £192.7m. manchester united have the highest wage bill with £215.8m. qpr's salary bill was almost twice what the club earned last season.
manchester united keeper david de gea has been linked with a move to real madrid this summer. phil neville says keeping the keeper at the club would be the biggest signing manchester united could make. the spanish keeper has impressed for louis van gaal's side this season.
manchester united are reported to have put in a £21.5m bid for dortmund captain mats hummels. dortmund value their captain at £35million but united want to sign him for £35m . d dortmund want to bring in real madrid's sami khedira as their new captain for next season.
manchester united chief executive ed woodward held talks with monaco president vasim vasilyev on sunday. manchester united could sign radamel falcao permanently at the end of the season. the striker has scored just four goals on loan at man united this season. under the terms of the loan united would have to pay £43.5m for the striker but monaco are willing to negotiate.
rafael cracked three ribs during manchester united's u21 clash with leicester. the brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer. the 24-year-old was hurt by a stray knee from leicester's anthony knockaert. united have handed trials to mk dons teenagers luke tingey and kyran wiltshire.
adam federici let alexis sanchez's shot go over the line in saturday's fa cup semi-final. reading lost 2-1 to arsenal in extra-time after the game finished 1-1 after 90 minutes. federici has taken to twitter to apologise to reading's fans for his error.
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 at the allianz arena to reach the champions league semi-finals. pep guardiola scored a hat-trick in the second leg of the quarter-final victory. the win takes bayern's goals total for the season to 115. bayern still have five bundesliga matches to play before the final in berlin on june 6.
uefa have published champions league regulations for next season. top-seeded teams will be champions league winner plus title holders in seven highest-ranked countries. arsenal, atletico madrid and porto could drop down in the pots for the group stages. psv eindhoven could also benefit from the change.
louis van gaal has been impressed with michael carrick's contribution to manchester united this season. manager has identified borussia dortmund's ilkay gundogan as a long-term successor to carrick. carrick is in the twilight of his career at old trafford. united could make a move for the 24-year-old in the summer.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 at the nou camp to reach the champions league semi-finals. luis enrique's side beat psg 5-1 on aggregate in the quarter-final. neymar is a blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi in his skillset. psg project needs more investment and edinson cavani is a brilliant centre-forward. barcelona look like genuine treble contenders and are on the cusp of winning the title.
paris saint-germain defender david luiz was at fault for both goals as barcelona beat psg 2-0 in champions league quarter-final. itv pundit roy keane described the defender as 'lost'   keane offered his sympathy to the £50million former chelsea man.
former england footballer is selling a £6.75million penthouse in exclusive neighbourhood of chelsea. campbell has threatened to leave the country if labour wins the election. he is an outspoken critic of labour's mansion tax and has sold a £20million townhouse this year.
premier league club are confident that the deal to move into the olympic stadium does not contravene domestic or european legislation. west ham are set to move to the london 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season. fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to west ham on tuesday.
bayern munich thrashed porto 6-1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night. pep guardiola's side are through to the champions league semi-finals. bayern lost 3-1 to porto in the first leg of the semi-final last week. guardiola was pleased with his side's first-half performance against porto.
alexis sanchez scored twice as arsenal beat reading 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday. the chile international will play in the 2015 fa cup final next month. sanchez has scored 22 goals for arsenal in his first season in the premier league. arsene wenger's side host league leaders chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday.
adam federici let alexis sanchez's shot cross the line in the fa cup semi-final. reading lost 2-1 to arsenal at wembley on saturday evening. steve clarke has backed federici to bounce back against birmingham in the sky bet championship.
bayern munich beat porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach champions league semi-finals. pep guardiola's side had lost the first leg 3-1 to porto in portugal last week. guardiola said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death at bayern.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 in the champions league quarter-final second-leg. andres iniesta scored both goals in the opening half of barcelona's win. the 30-year-old had failed to register a single assist or goal this season. iniesta claimed he 'never went away' after a superb first-half performance against psg.
john higgins beat robert milkins 10-5 in the first round of the betfred world championship. graeme dott beat ricky walden 10-8. four-time winner higgins is bidding to win a fifth world title at the crucible.
barry hawkins beat matthew selt 10-9 in the first round of the world snooker championship. selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback at the crucible. but hawkins kept his composure to win a final frame decider. hawkins looked set to progress to the second round after leading 7-2.
deshane beckford has impressed on trial at premier league outfit west ham. the 17-year-old has impressed after spending two weeks with the club. west ham are discussing a deal for the jamaican starlet. season tickets at the olympic stadium will cost as little as £289.
kenny bayless will referee floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao's super-fight on may 2 in las vegas. bayless is widely considered the leading referee in the world. he will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after the mega-fight.
ian poulter was dressed all in purple on sunday for his final round at the masters. jordan spieth collected £1.23million for winning the masters at augusta national. tiger woods and rory mcilroy were paired together for the final round. phil mickelson opted for an all-black outfit as he tried to win the masters for a fourth time. england's danny willett hit three rounds of 71 but was let down by a final round of 76.
kenny bayless will referee the match between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2. the veteran referee has overseen five of mayweather's previous fights. oscar de la hoya believes mayweather will benefit from the appointment of bayless. the 64-year-old will pocket $25,000 for the night's work.
andy murray married kim sears at dunblane cathedral on saturday afternoon. the tennis star tied the knot in front of thousands of fans and friends and family at 4.00pm. andy's mother judy murray was a guest at the ceremony and arrived at the cathedral in a gold dress. the wedding is due to take place at the 12th century cathedral and is being held in the rain.
glenn roeder is part of a new managerial committee at championship side sheffield wednesday. former hull city chairman adam pearson helped lead hull to the premier league. head coach stuart gray is also part of the task force at the club. dejphon chansiri recently bought the club from milan mandaric.
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in the champions league quarter-final last week. xabi alonso could become only the second player to win champions league with three different teams. clarence seedorf is the only other player to have done so. alonso won the title with liverpool and real madrid in his first season at liverpool.
there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved in the champions league quarter-finals. seven have manchester united connections. chelsea, arsenal, manchester, liverpool and manchester city all knocked out of europe's top competition. dimitar berbatov, javier hernandez and patrice evra are among those still playing.
tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa. the former tottenham boss has won five of his first ten games in charge. christian benteke has flourished under sherwood and has scored nine in his last seven for villa . fabian delph has been handed key responsibilities at villa and is a real leader under new management.
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday afternoon. sam allardyce was furious at the fourth official robert madley during the defeat. the hammers boss was furious because a foul by eliaquim mangala on stewart downing was missed. manuel pellegrini also screamed at the linesman during the game.
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday. the hammers have just one win in 11 premier league games this season. defender carl jenkinson insists the club are determined to finish in mid-table. the hammers are currently bottom of the table.
manchester city director of football txiki begiristain is keen for bayern munich manager pep guardiola to become their new manager in 2016. manuel pellegrini has come under-fire this season. guardiola is facing his first champions league exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career. bayern lost 3-1 at porto in the champions league quarter-finals on tuesday night.
martina hingis defeated 6-4, 6-0 by agnieszka radwanska in her first return to singles since 2007. former world no 1 was playing for switzerland in the fed cup for the first time since 2007 . the 34-year-old was persuaded to play because of injuries in the switzerland team and to secure a spot on the olympic team.
bayern munich have joined manchester united and liverpool in the race to sign memphis depay. the psv eindhoven star has been compared to a young cristiano ronaldo by ronald de boer. liverpool hope to convince the 21-year-old to sign for them. psv value depay at £25million and he is valued at £20m by psv.
arsenal's fa cup semi-final victory over reading clashed with premier league clash on saturday. luke shaw was in good form against chelsea, and may have changed his diet. joe root's celebration of his two wickets in the first test was criticised by alan smith. giles clarke missed the test in antigua because he was in dubai.
liverpool have been given permission to install a 4.5metre fine mesh privacy screen at their melwood training ground. the club had grown concerns over confidentiality of team details being leaked prior to matches. local residents wanted a designated area for fans to watch training and did not want a screen.
steven gerrard's liverpool career will end at stoke's britannia stadium on sunday, may 24. the captain's final game at anfield as a liverpool player will come in the premier league against crystal palace on may 16. liverpool captain hoped to end his 25-year association with liverpool in fa cup final at wembley. but liverpool lost to aston villa in sunday's semi-final at stamford bridge.
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge in the premier league on saturday. eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute. louis van gaal's side dominated possession and dominated the game. united boss van gaal's team are coming to challenge for the title next season. united are considering an approach for juventus midfielder paul pogba in the next transfer window.
jose mourinho has named eden hazard as one of the three best players in the world. hazard scored the winner against manchester united and is in superb form for chelsea. hazard is widely expected to be named pfa player of the year on sunday.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave after another trophyless season. captain steven gerrard has already agreed to join la galaxy. glen johnson and kolo toure are both out of contract and set to leave on a free transfer. jordan henderson agreed a new £100,000-a-week deal until 2020 on monday night.
michael conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in world series of boxing. the two-time bronze medallist booked his place at the rio 2016 olympic games in venezuela. conlan beat josé vicente azocar to book his place. paddy barnes beat yoel finol to top the 49kg wsb rankings.
amir khan could be set to face manny pacquiao in abu dhabi. floyd mayweather is preparing to face mayweather on may 2 in vegas. khan has been close to fighting mayweather for two years. mayweather and mayweather could face each other in a re-match in winter.
juventus are monitoring liverpool wideman raheem sterling's situation at liverpool. the italian champions elect want at least £55m for midfielder paul pogba and have bid for axel witsel. manchester city, chelsea and real madrid are also interested in the winger.
tom cleverley helped aston villa reach the fa cup final after beating liverpool 2-1 on sunday. tom cleverley says tim sherwood has brought an attacking style of football to villa. villa face arsenal in the final on may 30 after reaching the semi-final. christian benteke and fabian delph scored in the win at wembley.
manuel pellegrini should have given frank lampard more game time at manchester city. phil jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking. tom cleverley has found a steely edge since tim sherwood took charge at aston villa. didier drogba covered more ground at sprint speed than manchester united's radamel falcao.
david moyes gave wayne rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at everton back in 2002. manchester united manager succeeded sir alex ferguson in the summer of 2013. rooney was heavily linked with a move to chelsea at the same time. jose mourinho was also interested in signing the england striker.
manny pacquiao's shorts will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of £1.5m in sponsorship when he fights floyd mayweather on may 2. pacman's shorts alone will carry sponsor logos worth $2.25m. mayweather and pacman will fight at mgm grand garden arena in the richest fight of all time.
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. brendan rodgers' side are under scrutiny after the defeat. rodgers has underperformed this season and must accept criticism. the club's transfer committee and owners fenway sports group are also under pressure. liverpool are heading for mediocrity after a disappointing season.
manchester united lost 1-0 at chelsea in the premier league on saturday. eden hazard scored the only goal of the game at stamford bridge. louis van gaal labelled his side's performance as their best of the season. manchester united ace wayne rooney was happy with the performance.
manchester united travel to stamford bridge to face chelsea in the premier league on saturday afternoon. marouane fellaini has been in brilliant form for manchester united in recent weeks. goalkeeper thibaut courtois believes his side have a plan to deal with the midfielder. the goalkeeper believes eden hazard will be collecting the pfa player of the year award.
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league this season. the chelsea forward scored the only goal of the game in 1-0 win over united at stamford bridge. hazard is now the player you look to in a crisis. jose mourinho's side will win the league now.
eden hazard opened the scoring for chelsea in the 13th minute at stamford bridge. manchester united keeper david de gea was at fault for the opening goal of the game. jose mourinho's side move up to second in the premier league table with the win.
manchester united beat chelsea 1-0 at stamford bridge in the premier league on saturday. eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half. ander herrera was denied a late penalty for diving against gary cahill. jose mourinho said the incident will be forgotten because it was a manchester united player.
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday. eden hazard scored the only goal of the game. jose mourinho's side need just two more wins to clinch the premier league title. john terry led the chelsea celebrations after the win.   but the manager has warned his players they still have work to do.
john terry insists chelsea need two wins from their last six to win the premier league title. jose mourinho's side beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge to move 10 points clear at the top. eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the second half.
bournemouth drew 2-2 with sheffield wednesday at dean court on saturday afternoon. bournemouth went from top to third to second to top to second in the space of two minutes. eddie howe's side were unbeaten in 10 league games before the draw. chris maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage a draw for the owls.
paul scholes co-owns salford city with gary neville, nicky butt, phil neville and ryan giggs. the club is currently top of the evo-stik league first division north.   with one week to go promotion is well and truly in the hands of the former manchester united players.
radamel falcao hasn't scored or had a shot on target for manchester united since january 31. the colombian striker is on a season-long loan at old trafford from monaco. manchester lost 1-0 at chelsea in the premier league on saturday . the striker has failed to score since and has collected £3,080,000 in wages since.
andres iniesta made his debut for barcelona during the 2002-03 season. manchester united boss louis van gaal gave iniesta his debut as manager of barcelona. iniesta has praised manchesterunited boss for his trust in him to make his debut.    iniesta also admitted his winning goal at stamford bridge was one of the highlights of his career.
reading drew 1-1 with arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley stadium. steve clarke's side were flat in the first-half and struggled to match arsene wenger's side. garath mccleary scored a late equaliser but adam federici's goalkeeping error allowed arsenal to win in extra time. clarke will hope the performance will inspire a return to the premier league.
manchester united to introduce living wage at old trafford in july. all premier league clubs have agreed to pay the living wage from the start of the 2016-17 season. but united officials have decided to implement the salary a year early. staff at manchester united will be paid £7.85 an hour.
wayne rooney knows manchester united will be playing for 'pride' against manchester city at old trafford on sunday. louis van gaal's side have lost their last four meetings against city. united captain rooney is the leading united scorer in derby history with 11 goals. united are four points clear of city in the premier league table.
everton forward kevin mirallas opened the scoring on his return to the first team at goodison park. ashley barnes was sent off on the stroke of half time for two bookable offences. ross barkley missed a penalty for everton but aaron lennon converted from the spot to give the visitors the lead.
rotor volgograd beat manchester united in the first round of the uefa cup in 1995. the russian outfit were competing in the second division of russia's third tier. manchester united drew 0-0 with rotor in russia before being eliminated on away goals. the club have been wound up after going bankrupt.
everton forward steven naismith has won the barclays spirit of the game award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community. the 28-year-old teamed up with job centre plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club. barclay's community leader maria branigan says naismatic has done 'fantastic work within the community'
roberto martinez says burnley's players remind him of his old wigan side when they avoided the drop. sean dyche's side are two points from safety in the premier league. everton face the clarets at goodison park on saturday afternoon. martinez believes burnley have a fearlessness in their squad.
manny pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2. the filipino boxer has promoted a range of t-shirts ahead of the bout. fans can buy four shirts commemorating the 'fight of the century'   three of the shirts cost $29.99 (321) and one is priced at $24.99 (£21)
ross barkley missed a 10th minute penalty as everton beat burnley 1-0 at goodison park. roberto martinez took the penalty despite the presence of leighton baines on the pitch. barkley has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the premier league. everton boss martinez defended barkley's decision to take the penalty.
tickets for floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao's fight have yet to go on public sale. the two camps and mgm grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments for the tickets. mayweather's promoter said tickets would go on sale this week for the may 2 bout. but mgm officials have been tight-lipped about their availability. estimated gate for the fight is already £48million and prices have tripled in the resale market.
belgium striker christian benteke has two years left on his contract at aston villa but harbours ambitions to play in europe. tim sherwood will consider selling the 24-year-old in the summer if he wants to leave the club. the striker has scored eight goals in his last six matches for villa.
laura robson has not played since the 2014 australian open more than 15 months ago. the former british no 1 has been training in florida as she nears a return to action. the 21-year-old shared a picture of her in an ice bath as she cooled down in the heat.
jamie redknapp and thierry henry face off in the studio ahead of floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao. the sky sports pundits joke around in anticipation of the big fight. both men collapse into giggles as they try to maintain the mock tension. mayweather and manny pacquiao are set to fight in two weeks.
martin skrtel says steven gerrard is still one of the best players in the world. liverpool captain is aiming to end his liverpool career by making the fa cup final and beating arsenal. skrtels believes liverpool have the players to replace the departing captain. gerrards is set to feature in the semi-final against aston villa at anfield on sunday.
brendan rodgers leads liverpool in the fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday. rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality. liverpool's last trophy success came in the league cup under kenny dalglish in 2012. steven gerrard is looking to win a trophy in his last game at liverpool.
mark hughes believes tom jones' song 'delilah' is costing stoke a spot in the europe league. stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play table. the potters have been singing the song as their unofficial club anthem since the 1980s. hughes' side are set to miss out on european football next year.
barcelona boss luis enrique has urged his side to switch their attention back to the la liga title race. barcelona face valencia at the nou camp on saturday in the champions league. real madrid travel to face malaga and carlo ancelotti's side are without karim benzema. andreas iniesta has been ruled out of barcelona's clash with valencia.
luis suarez scored a brace in barcelona's 3-1 win over psg in the champions league quarter final. the barcelona forward nutmegged paris saint-germain defender david luiz twice. suarez says it was the quickest way to goal for him. barca beat psg at the nou camp in the first leg of the tie.
zlatan ibrahimovic has had his four-game ban reduced by one match after successfully appealing to the french olympic committee. dimitri payet also had his ban reduced after an appeal to the ligue 1 committee. both players were banned for abusing referees after psg's defeat to bordeaux. ibrahimova was initially banned for three games and payet for two.
uefa's general secretary gianni infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend greece from international football. greek government have proposed new laws banning teams from european competitions. uefa and fifa say it is direct government interference in football.
stephan lichtsteiner played with eden hazard at lille and paul pogba at juventus. the juventus defender has tipped kingsley coman to be the next big thing. he says coman has all the attributes to be a'very good striker'    juventus face monaco in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday night.
gareth bale is out of real madrid's champions league quarter-final second leg against atletico. the wales international injured his calf against malaga on saturday. carlo ancelotti's side face city rivals at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday night. bale took to facebook to wish his team-mates good luck.
manchester united's reserve side drew 1-1 at leicester's king power stadium. harry panayiotou put leicester in the lead after 18 minutes with a header. sean goss equalised for manchester united in the 32nd minute. rafael and adnan januzaj both limped off in the first half with rib injuries. robin van persie and jonny evans were both reintroduced to the side for the reserve match.
leonardo jardim says monaco's performance in the champions league quarter-finals shows you don't need to buy big. the french side host juventus at the stade louis ii on wednesday in the last eight. jardam's side are bidding to reach the semi-finals for the first time in 11 years. the principality club are looking to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg.
diego simeone believes english football needs to 'wake up' after this season's poor showing in europe. chelsea, arsenal and manchester city were eliminated from champions league last 16. atletico madrid take on rivals real madrid in champions league quarter-final second leg on wednesday night. carlo ancelotti's side travel to the bernabeu for the clash.
nathaniel clyne is yet to sign a new contract at southampton. the england right-back is in the final year of his current deal at the club. manchester united, chelsea and manchester untied are interested in signing him. but southampton fear he has already decided to leave the club and could leave.
qpr striker charlie austin has 17 goals so far this season and will leave loftus road in the summer. newcastle, crystal palace and southampton have also expressed interest in the striker. everton were among premier league clubs who watched club brugge forward obbi oulare on sunday.
brentford owner matthew benham is considering appointing gianfranco zola as new manager. mark warburton is to leave the club next month after feeling his vision did not match that of brentford. the italian was manager of watford for a season in 2012. zola was sacked by cagliari last month after a winless spell in serie a.
robert green has won 12 england caps but made a calamitous error in the world cup against usa in 2010. sam allardyce says green can rival joe hart for england no 1 spot. green faces his former club west ham at loftus road on saturday.
manchester united and liverpool target memphis depay has held talks with paris st germain. manchester united are interested in signing the holland winger for £25million. louis van gaal gave depay his international debut but could miss out on signing him. depay is interested in playing with zlatan ibrahimovic at united.
real madrid striker javier hernandez scored a late champions league winner against atletico madrid. the on-loan mexican striker celebrated his goal 'like he had just won the world cup'   but former liverpool defender and pundit jamie carragher was quick to criticise the striker for his celebration. henry believes the striker needs to thank cristiano ronaldo for his goal.
luis suarez was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside lionel messi and neymar at barcelona. uruguayan striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona this season. barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league semi-finals on tuesday.
thierry henry posted an 84-minute compilation video of michael laudrup's passing. former arsenal striker criticised javier hernandez's celebration after scoring winning goal for real madrid against rivals atletico. henry said the mexican striker celebrated 'like he'd won the world cup'   henry later defended his views on twitter, saying he owed everything to team-mate cristiano ronaldo.
amir khan will fight chris algieri at the barclays center in new york on friday, may 29. kell brook is going to fight frankie gavin at london's 02 arena but has called out khan. khan has slammed brook for his recent comments.
ricky hatton says manny pacquiao has the style to beat floyd mayweather in the fight of the century on may 2 in las vegas. hatton also says having trainer freddie roach in his corner gives him a huge advantage. but hatton warns mayweather to stay away from bolton boxer amir khan.
kell brook will fight frankie gavin at the o2 in london on may 30. brook beat jo jo dan for the ibf world welterweight title in sheffield last month.   brook had been desperate to face bitter rival amir khan at wembley in june.
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in a $300 million mega-fight on may 2. mayweather believes he is a better boxer than muhammad ali. ali suffered a shock defeat to leon spinks in 1978. ali adopted 'rope-a-dope' tactics against george foreman.
the marketing team for floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao put together the 30-second clip. it was filmed in a los angeles studio on march 11. both fighters square up in the middle of a desert road to advertise the pay-per-view event. the fight on may 2 is expected to break the pay per view record of £102m.
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather will go head-to-head in a $300million mega-fight at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2. manny's trainer freddie roach believes his man is better equipped to beat mayweather now than he was in 2010. the pair came close to agreeing a bout five years ago but it fell through.
bob arum pulled the plug on manny pacquiao's last conference call. many more callers were jamming the lines. floyd mayweather is due for his final conference call this wednesday. arum believes mass telephone talk-ins are a waste of time.
blackpool chairman karl oyston denies five football association charges for allegedly abusive text messages. oyston labelled a supporter a'retard' in a series of messages. the seasiders' chairman still faces a ban from football activities. he has been the target of fan protests at the club this season.
british boxer amir khan is currently training for his upcoming fight against chris algieri on may 29 at the barclays center in new york. the 28-year-old took a break from his training session to perform a party trick with an empty bottle. the bolton-born fighter delivered a flurry of punches as he kept the bottle in the air.
hull, leicester and swansea city are following poland international winger maciej rybus. hull's chief scout has watched the 25-year-old playing for russian side terek grozny. he impressed during poland's 1-1 draw with republic of ireland last month.
celtic managerronny deila has called for josh meekings to be spared a scottish cup final ban. the defender was retrospectively suspended for one match for handball in the semi-final defeat to inverness on sunday. meeking blocked a goal-bound goal with his hand. celtic lost 2-1 at dundee in the premiership final.
manuel pellegrini's side need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season. frank lampard, scott sinclair, micah richards and james milner are all set to leave. premier league champions will not compromise on quality and will ask about raheem sterling's availability. everton want at least £50m for ross barkley but city are interested in signing danny ings.
cheltenham town manager gary johnson got every player to pledge to give his all when he took over. cheltenham have two games left to preserve their league two status. johnson wrote 'i promise to do all i can' on a sheet of paper and asked players to sign it.
mauricio pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players at tottenham. harry kane, nabil bentaleb and ryan mason are all products of spurs' youth system. but the manager says he will be cautious in his approach to signing more players. hugo lloris wants to play champions league football with spurs next season.
manager micky adams has left the club by mutual consent. tranmere are bottom of the football league with two games to go. barnet and bristol rovers are battling it out for promotion to the national league. hartlepool are in the play-off places after a 3-0 win over professional oxford.
micky adams has left tranmere by mutual consent after just two games of the season. fans called for the manager to leave the club after their 3-0 defeat by oxford on saturday. adams' side are bottom of sky bet league two and two points adrift of safety. the former leicester boss joined the club in october.
burton albion secured promotion to sky bet league one after a 2-1 win at morecambe. lucas akins scored both goals as jimmy floyd hasselbaink's side secured promotion. bury are fourth in league two after a 1-0 win against portsmouth. shrewsbury town are a win away from a return to league one with a 1 -0 win at york city.
steven gerrard and frank lampard to be honoured by the pfa at annual awards ceremony on sunday. the two england midfielders will leave the premier league at the end of the season. the pair have amassed 19 major trophies between them. both players have retired from international football.
elliot kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for london welsh after leaving bradford. kear will return to rugby league's championship with london broncos after a season with welsh. the 26-year-old is a wales rugby league international.
aaron cresswell is a reported target for chelsea and manchester city. sam allardyce claims no club has made an offer for the left back. the 25-year-old has starred for west ham this season, scoring twice in the premier league. but manager believes he would be better off staying at the club to develop his game.
javier hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send real madrid through to the champions league semi-final. the mexican striker scored 'the goal of his life' for madrid.   michael carrick and cristiano ronaldo led the tributes to the manchester united striker after the game.
featherstone prop james lockwood has been banned for two years after failing a doping test. lockwood tested positive for growth hormone releasing factors in an out-of-competition test. it is the first finding of its kind in the uk. the 29-year-old former dewsbury forward was handed the ban by uk anti-doping.
rafael benitez has been linked with the managerial job at sampdoria. sinisa mihajlovic is being lined up to replace the spaniard at napoli. but massimo ferrero has quashed rumours that a job swap is imminent. napoli travel to face samp doria in the serie a on sunday.
napoli boss rafael benitez has dismissed reports linking him to the manchester city job. the spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season and has yet to sign a contract extension with napoli. it has been rumoured he could replace manuel pellegrini at the helm of manchester.
ian watson's last game was as player-coach in the championship for swinton last june. salford assistant coach is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38. head coach iestyn harris has stepped up his training ahead of sunday's game against castleford.
three cars were broken into during bradford's defeat by hull kr at odsal stadium on sunday. bulls are investigating reports that cars were vandalised in the richard dunn sports centre car park. the championship club say three cars were damaged during the match.
john helm was commentating on bradford city's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out on may 11, 1985. the fire at valley parade stadium claimed 56 lives and injured 265. martin fletcher has suggested the fire may not have been an accident. helm says there is no evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately.
toulon winger bryan habana scored the only try of the game in extra-time against leinster at stade velodrome. leigh halfpenny kicked 20 points from six penalties and a conversion for the irish province. ian madigan kicked five penalties and two conversions for the hosts. leinsters face clermont auvergne in the heineken cup final attwickenham on saturday.
new book claims fire at bradford's valley parade stadium was one of at least nine fires connected to then club chairman stafford heginbotham. judge oliver popplewell says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the club chairman to'see if there was anything sinister'   the fire at valley parade killed 56 people and injured 265 on may 11, 1985.
former sports minister gerry sutcliffe does not believe a new inquiry into the fire at valley parade is justified. a new book claims the fire was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by then-bradford chairman stafford heginbotham.   the fire claimed 56 lives and injured 265 in the disaster at bradford city's valley parade in 1985.
the fire at bradford city's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11, 1985. former player and rangers manager stuart mccall does not believe the fire was an accident. a book written by martin fletcher claims the disaster was started by bad luck. the 30th anniversary of the tragedy is approaching.
paul smith is in line to take on andre ward on june 20 in oakland, california.    smith has lost his last two world title challenges to arthur abraham of germany. ward has not fought since november 2013 and has won all of his 24 bouts.
carl froch has expressed his desire to fight julio cesar chavez jr in las vegas. former middleweight world champion was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara. chavez has not fought since knocking out george groves at wembley last may.
patrick vieira has the backing of manchester city players to replace manuel pellegrini as manager if he is sacked. manchester players want the frenchman to take over at the end of the season. pep guardiola is currently bayern munich boss and is highly-respected at the club.
the jungle bar is being developed by icelandic duo búi bjarmar aðalsteinsson and stefán atli thoroddsen. called the jungle bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate. cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients. the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects.
alexander giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the kemerovo region of russia. a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road, crushing trees in its path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake. the eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide. it is thought to have happened at around 1pm on april 1. the earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages, but no one was hurt.
nicholas tooth, 25, was playing for the quirindi lions when he hit his head on an opponent's shoulder in a tackle during a first grade rugby union match on saturday. he was airlifted to newcastle's john hunter hospital in a critical condition but died late on sunday. the young man was visiting his hometown in the new england region of nsw for the weekend. mr tooth was remembered as a 'highly regarded' player and a 'good bloke' by his club.
women aged 17 to 25 compared themselves to their friends on facebook rather than celebrities in magazines. study by psychologists at university of new south wales found 40 per cent of young women spend 40% of their time online. women compare themselves alongside pictures of friends to measure up against each other.
video has emerged showing galaxy s6 edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure. the video was released by third-party warranty firm squaretrade . samsung claims the tests conducted by squaretrade was unfair as 110lbs of pressure 'rarely occurs' under normal circumstances. the company has responded with its own video showing a three-point bend test on both phones. s samsung famously poked fun at apple last year when it emerged its iphone 6 plus could bend.
unidentified woman flexed her muscles during a 'flex cam' break at a philadelphia soul game on april 12. video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the arena football league game has over 300,000 views on youtube. the flex cam is a stadium tradition in which people display their muscles.
40-second-video recorded by haim kaplan at the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania. shows the driver of a supply truck trying to scare away a group of baboons. the driver is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him and another jumps into the back of the truck.
dr sandra lee is dermatologist at the skin physicians & surgeons practice in upland, california. she shares videos of herself extracting her patients' zits on her popular youtube channel. the clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, and she is known as dr pimple popper online. dr lee became an internet sensation after she posted a video of her extracting a man's blackheads on reddit and shared it. she is now well-known among the pimple popping community on reddit.
in a 2012 video, bus monitor karen huff klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in greece, new york. one of the students involved in verbal attack has been accused of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch. mrs klein said that the students 'didn't learn any lessons' after learning of the alleged incident.   one of students involved was also involved in the bullying of a bus monitor three years ago at greee athena high school in upstate new yorks.
canine hairdressers in the taiwanese capital taipei are giving pooches bizarre new pet grooming trend. craze involves having pet pooch's fur shaped into a sphere or a square. many are now opting for the cuts simply to get more likes and shares on social media sites.
indonesian president joko widodo confirmed executions of bali nine duo andrew chan and myuran sukumaran is 'only a matter of time'    the pair are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded. the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency and remain in an isolated cell.
john lahiff was bitten by a crocodile while playing golf at clive palmer's port douglas golf course on monday afternoon. the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile. he has spoken out from his hospital bed at cairns base hospital, swearing he will return to the green again. the golfer received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone. he was taken to mossman district hospital in a stable condition.
tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public today on the winding track of murodo in japan. over a million people visit the 65ft high walls every year but numbers dropped to 910,000 last year. the walled wonder usually draws about a million visitors every year.
the ghost town of balestrino dates back to the 11th century a.d. and is based 40 miles south east of genoa. residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago due to seismic instability caused by earthquakes. it is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted.
manchester city are four points clear at the top of the premier league table. but manuel pellegrini's side are vulnerable if they come fifth in the league. yaya toure has been a shadow of the player who led manchester to the title last season. pep guardiola's long-term plan is to take over at manchester in 2016.
welsh fort on st catherine's island, off the coast of tenby, pembrokeshire, can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide. a new 328ft footbridge will open up the island for the first time. the fort was built in 1867, and defended britain from french invasion.
bizarre slow motion footage was captured in santa barbara, california by video maker scott kaiser. the bird opens its mouth to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak. the video shows the pelican's tongue and inner bill anatomy on display in slow motion.
adam prowse, 34, of torquay, was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from michael jackson’s don't stop 'til you get enough. the royal mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world'   he has been dancing on the job for several months and says he has never spoken to customer properly.
patrick miller and his friend, damien rigden, from cambridge, stayed at a 'four-star' hotel in cyprus for a friend's wedding. the pair created a video diary of the 'horrendous' conditions at the hotel for friends back home. the video shows dirty rooms, broken amenities and a swimming pool with no water. the self-employed personal trainer and friend stayed at the family-run hotel for three nights.
julie stauch and married couple sean bagniewski and vidhya reddy appear on the video announcing clinton's 2016 bid. both have strong links to the democrat party and are campaigning for clinton . jared milrad and nate johnson have also been revealed as 'everyday americans'    one of the couples is in talks withmartin o’malley’s people and may support him.
jack wilshere was given the 'honour to interview the legendary pele' at launch of 10ten talent. the arsenal midfielder and pele are clients of the brazil legend. pele has acknowledged that last year's world cup was a 'disaster' for brazil. the three-time world cup winner has praised oscar and ramires for their reaction in the premier league.
new york director, heywood 'woody' allen, will have a museum dedicated exclusively to him in barcelona. cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, la llotja. allen picked barcelona for the setting of his oscar winning film, vicky cristina barcelona .
passengers at domodedovo airport in russia spotted a man asleep on the baggage reclaim conveyor belt. footage shows a man lying in the foetal position on the conveyor at the airport. other passengers appear more concerned with claiming their luggage. it's not the first time a passenger has decided to sleep on the airport baggage reclaim.
former england rugby captain lewis moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the north pole to raise £250,000 for charity. the plane was forced to make an emergency landing due to poor visibility. the aircraft's undercarriage was damaged in the bumpy landing. moody, 36, and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident.
the dog named teeny is captured on video completing press-ups alongside a dog trainer at dogaroo centre in hong kong. the dog is sat opposite eric ko – a trainer with over ten years' experience . after a count of four the dog leans out and gives the trainer a kiss.
a knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and water rushing together causes a white flash. the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones. the experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging.
the lion got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at the dierenrijk zoo in the netherlands. the animal was attempting to retrieve a piece of meat from the barrel. the lion jumps backwards and attempts to flick the barrel from its head as the other lions chase after it. visitors to the zoo can be heard laughing hysterically as the lion tries to free itself.
the cafe is based in moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets along for a cup of tea. all of the cats were rescued from a local shelter and have been vaccinated and chipped. customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only after an extensive interview. the cafe is the first of its kind to be opened in russia.
the comedy sketch by 26 minutes follows 'jeff randl' who travels to switzerland to compete in xtreme verbier. video has received more than 300,000 views on youtube since late march. some viewers said they were offended or didn't find the humour in the satire.
michael carrick has just 33 caps for england but has made nine competitive starts. england have won just four competitive matches when carrick started. carrick played against ecuador at the 2006 world cup but was dropped for the quarter-final. steven gerrard and frank lampard have been more impressive in midfield.
steven sloan and three friends were on an aluminium rowboat off the west coast of anderson island, washington. the group believe that the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the killer whales. one of the group panics as the orcas swim dangerously close to and underneath the boat.
england cricket team's involvement with fraudster allen stanford has been defended by sir curtly ambrose.    new ecb president giles clarke did not want to discuss the stansford legacy. michael vaughan is staying at england's luxury sugar ridge hotel in antigua.
sky sports have pulled out of the home nations international under 16 tournament. pele will enjoy a short stopover in london on thursday. referee martin atkinson travelled in business class on return from munich. bt sport are to broadcast the inaugural european games in baku.
premier league clubs have turned down a bid from guinness to replace barclays as title sponsor. the league's mega-rich clubs want a deal of £60m-a-season from 2016. gary neville was at nicky butt's wife's birthday party at a london casino. massimo cellino gave lewis cook a chance at the football league awards.
the ecb are to instigate a recruitment process for the new director of cricket. michael vaughan, andrew strauss and alec stewart are among the leading candidates. test match special have employed test match sofa's dan norcross for their county cricket team. roy hodgson is launching roses 2015, the annual clash between york and lancaster universities.
turia pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire in 2011. the motivational speaker said she still struggles to overcome her ordeal. the 27-year-old said just the smell of a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment. ms pitt revealed she ran her first marathon since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured. she underwent reconstructive surgery to rebuild her nose recently. the burns survivor spent more than two years in hospital and spent four hours in intensive care. she was competing in an ultra-marathon in kimberley when she suffered the horrific injuries.
marina granovskaia is confirmed to speak at a leaders conference at stamford bridge, her first public appearance. roman abramovich has never spoken in public since buying chelsea. channel 4 have escaped lightly from missing the start of the 2.40 race at lingfield. graeme swann has asked 700,000 twitter followers to call the police if his f-type jaguar is seen.
giles clarke made a fool of himself during the wisden almanack launch at the lord's pavilion. clarke confronted guest speaker ehsan mani and sportsmail's lawrence booth. sky sports pundit thierry henry will not be allowed to appear on channel 4's racing coverage. clare balding will present the women's boat race on bbc rather than the grand national.
alex oxlade-chamberlain is represented by his father mark, former england international. calum chambers is on the books at cassius sports management. fabio capello is yet to respond to the letter backing greg dyke's campaign to boost home-grown talent. liverpool club secretary stuart hayton is leaving anfield after two seasons.
jonathan trott has endured a nightmare return to test cricket with poor performances in the first test. steve peters worked with the england football team during the 2014 world cup. hampshire chairman rod bransgrove wants to see an ashes test match at the ageas bowl ground.
ecb chairman colin graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for england. former england captains andrew strauss, michael vaughan and alec stewart are among the front-runners for the job. sports psychiatrist steve peters has helped jonathan trott overcome situational anxieties. chelsea manager jose mourinho has begun fronting a new promotional campaign for jaguar.
ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them in the general election. thorpe revealed he signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago. sir ian botham and geoffrey boycott have been linked with ukip. adam lyth, a member of the england squad in west indies, says he will not be voting in the election. derek pringle has been approached about becoming cricket consultant of oman.
qpr owner tony fernandes wants to avoid fines of up to £50million for financial fair play breaches. maurice watkins is a sports lawyer and his firm represents qpr over their ffp troubles. jim rodwell's departure from football league board has led to an election for a league one representative. raheem sterling's agent aidy ward is a key player in his contract negotiations with liverpool. england cricket head coach peter moores will begin a review into england's world cup failure.
sky sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016. barney francis addressed staff to present sky sports' sports strategy. the fa continue to micro-manage the media interview mixed zone for england players. relationships between the fa and the england travel supporters club will be strained by anti-ira songs.
jose mourinho has warned chelsea's next generation that he cannot have a squad of 10 players in his first-team squad. the under 19s won the uefa youth league last week. ruben loftus-cheek is set to get his chance next season. john terry was the last truly successful youth product at the club. isiah brown and dominic solanke are earmarked for big things.
the officials at hampden park failed to spot a potentially game-changing handball in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday. josh meekings should have been sent off for the foul on leigh griffiths. the international football board are yet to approve goal-line technology. the sfa and irish fa are in favour of trials of the technology but fifa have refused to discuss the issue.
manchester united boss louis van gaal has praised michael carrick and wayne rooney for their football intelligence. too many players at manchester united aren't very bright, according to the dutchman.    a lack of football intelligence is a long-term problem at old trafford and needs to be addressed.
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden on sunday. ronny deila's side are currently five points clear at the top of the league table. emilo izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league title. celtic face dundee at dens park on wednesday.
raheem sterling earns less than half of what mario balotelli is on at liverpool. brendan rodgers has repeatedly insisted that sterling will sign a new contract. liverpool football club have made poor decisions since luis suarez left the club. rodgers and sterling's agent have been accused of giving him bad advice. the club should be embarrassed by sterling's contract negotiations.
peter moores has been forced to defend his captain with alastair cook badly needing runs and wins. england failed to win the first test and cook’s failure in both innings leaves the captain in the spotlight. moores is adamant cook will turn things around in grenada and barbados.
arsene wenger's gunners have 15 wins from 17 games since new year's day. but it's 11 years since arsenal won the title, and arsene has to stop failing in certain games. the manager needs to learn to cope better when the pressure is on. arsenal are currently on an impressive end of season run, but they need to end it.
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final after extra-time on sunday. celtic have written to the scotish football association to gain an 'understanding' of the refereeing decisions. josh meekings' handball in the box went unpunished by referee steven mclean . the hoops were left outraged by the decision not to award a penalty or red card.
inverness defender gary warren will miss the scottish cup final after picking up his second yellow card in sunday's semi-final win over celtic. warren missed last year's league cup final for the same reason. the 30-year-old feels that the rule to be suspended for two bookings in a cup final is 'ridiculous'   warren was shown a yellow card for a challenge on james forrest during the 3-2 win.
alastair cook says england will leave antigua with 'a bit of a downer on' after draw in first test. west indies captain denesh ramdin and jason holder scored centuries for the hosts. england could only take five of the eight wickets needed on day five to earn draw.
michael carrick has played in 377 matches for manchester united in his nine seasons with the club. carrick hasn't played a single competitive game for england since october 2006. sir alex ferguson and fabio capello failed to pick carrick in midfield for the past 10 years. he has a 100 per cent record with england at the world cup but only played in one game. manchesterunited captain wayne rooney says carrick is the best player in england's midfield.
jack grealish had a hand in christian benteke's goal as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley. tim sherwood started the 19-year-old in his first premier league start for the club. the youngster was noticeable for wearing children's shin-pads and socks rolled down.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley. tim sherwood's side will face arsenal in next month's showpiece. fabian delph scored the winner to book aston villa's place in the final. christian benteke and jack grealish also scored for the villa side.
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. raheem sterling and jordon ibe were pictured smoking a shisha pipe earlier this season. manager brendan rodgers hasn't disciplined sterling or ibe for the incident. steven gerrard is available for the match after serving a three-match suspension.
jimmy anderson took his 384th test wicket to break sir ian botham's long-standing record. but england had to settle for a draw with west indies on day five of the first test in antigua. jason holder scored his maiden test century at no 8 to earn his side a draw. botham took 383 test wickets in 102 tests between 1977 and 1992.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the first leg of the champions league quarter-final at the parc des princes. goals from neymar, luis suarez and javier mascherano put barcelona in control. thiago silva was forced off injured and missed out for psg. yohan cabaye struggled and looked out of his depth at times.
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday night. mario balotelli had the ball in the net but was offside with five minutes to go. michael oliver's assistant referee wrongly flagged for offside. brendan rodgers believes it was a'very poor decision' by the assistant referee. rodgers' side lost the game after christian benteke and philippe coutinho scored for the villains.
england are in danger of losing their fourth champions league spot by the end of next season. uefa's country coefficient rankings take into account the performance of premier league clubs in europe. england are currently second in the table, but could slip to fourth by next year. no english clubs are in the quarter-finals of the champions league this season. germany and italian clubs are performing better this season and could overtake england.
diego costa injured his hamstring in chelsea's win over stoke city on april 4. jose mourinho said the striker could return for manchester united next weekend. loic remy has recovered from a calf injury and could return against united. chelsea currently lead the premier league title race by seven points.
premier league leaders chelsea host manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday. louis van gaal's men are seven points clear at the top of the table. angel di maria is likely to start another game on the bench for jose mourinho's side. juan mata could return to haunt his former club after being pushed out of the team.
manchester united host chelsea at stamford bridge in the premier league on saturday night. louis van gaal is without marcos rojo, phil jones, michael carrick and daley blind. but jose mourinho believes manchester united will not be weakened by injury problems. mour mourinho said his players require no motivation to face chelsea.
jurgen k klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer. the 47-year-old german manager will officially leave the club at the end of june. k klopp has been in charge of dortmund for seven successful years. klopp has been linked with a move to the premier league and manchester city.
manchester city and chelsea are set to battle it out for west ham left back aaron cresswell. the 25-year-old has impressed for the hammers this season. manchester city are desperate to add to their quota of homegrown players. city also want liverpool contract rebel raheem sterling and danny rose.
manchester united host premier league leaders chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday night. louis van gaal has revealed that michael carrick and daley blind are out. phil jones and marcos rojo will also miss the game with ankle injuries. van gaal has suggested that rooney may have to play in holding midfield role against the league leaders. luke shaw and radamel falcao could be recalled to the squad.
nico rosberg finished second in the chinese grand prix. he complained about his team-mate lewis hamilton after the race. nico claimed hamilton slowed down too much and could have been caught by sebastian vettel. a fan accused nico of 'crying' after the press conference. but the world champion responded to the accusation on video.
manchester united midfielder juan mata is performing at the peak of his powers. louis van gaal is finally getting the best out of the spaniard. mata has scored five goals in his last five games for united this season. the midfielder enjoys a close friendship with ander herrera at the club.
joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract at crystal palace. the 25-year-old has played every minute of palace's premier league campaign this season. ward cites palace boss alan pardew as a major factor in his decision to sign a new deal. ward has played 101 times for the eagles since joining from portsmouth in 2012.
paris saint-germain face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final second leg at the parc des princes. edinson cavani knows the spotlight will be on him to score for paris. cavani has gone seven matches without scoring for the paris side. barcelona striker luis suarez will be at the game and knows cavani inside out.
lewis hamilton claimed his second win of the season at the chinese grand prix in shanghai. nico rosberg finished 2nd but was furious with his team-mate after the race. rosburg accused hamilton of compromising his strategy and putting him under pressure. but hamilton said he was controlling his own race and denied he did anything wrong.
cesc fabregas scored in the 88th minute to extend chelsea's lead at the top of the premier league to seven points. nemanja matic and eden hazard were both on target for jose mourinho's side at loftus road. joey barton was everywhere for qpr but failed to make an impact on the game.
niki lauda is fully expecting nico rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage. the mercedes non-executive chairman accused team-mate lewis hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******' after his win at the chinese grand prix. nico accused his mercedes teammate of selfishness during the post-race press conference. hamilton claimed his fourth win of the season and second in china.
renault managing director cyril abiteboul can understand red bull owner dietrich mateschitz's frustrations. red bull team principal christian horner has been critical of renault this season. renault suffered two blown engines in sunday's chinese grand prix. dietrich matechitz threatened to pull out of formula one unless renault improve.
manuel pellegrini's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules. manchester city players could miss out on £500k bonuses if they fail to finish fifth in the champions league. sergio aguero, david silva, joe hart and yaya toure are all on the deal. city are currently in fourth place in the premier league.
cesc fabregas broke his nose during chelsea's win over stoke city last week. the spaniard suffered the break during the premier league clash . the 27-year-old wore a protective mask as he celebrated scoring a late winner against qpr on sunday.    the mask was branded with the  star's initial and squad number for the clash at loftus road.
vincent kompany says his mum stopped him moving to manchester united when he was 17-years-old. sir alex ferguson attempted to sign the manchester city captain as a teenager. but the belgian says his mother insisted he finish school before moving to england. manchester face old trafford in the premier league on sunday.
benaud died on wednesday at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer. former australia captain and broadcaster was the voice of cricket for generations. australian prime minister tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral. benaud was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests.
richie benaud died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer. benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge. he was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests. after his playing career, benaud forged a successful career as a cricket commentator.
manchester united's under 18s beat city 1-0 in the'mini derby' at altrincham's moss lane. callum gribbin scored the only goal of the game with a delightful free-kick. paul mcguinness' side have won two of this year's cross-town clashes. city have lost both matches in the barclays under 18 premier league.
jacques burger received a one-week ban for striking racing metro scrum-half maxime machenaud. the namibia flanker will be available to face clermont auvergne in the champions cup semi-final. burger will miss saracens' aviva premiership clash with leicester on saturday.
richie benaud was the voice of cricket and commentating in his native australia and for the bbc. he was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests. benaud played in 64 tests and captained australia to world dominance in the 1950s. the great commentator died aged 84 after a battle with skin cancer. he had been receiving treatment since november.
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer. benaud was one of cricket's great personalities. he was a broadcaster and commentator for channel 4 and channel nine. sportsmail recalls 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career.    his final commentary duties came in the fifth ashes test at the oval.
elliot daly scored two tries for wasps against saracens in march. the uncapped wasps centre looks set to be called into england's training squad for the world cup. daly has been named the aviva premiership's player of the month for march.
james faulkner has signed a deal to join lancashire for the bulk of this summer. australia world cup winner will join up with the county side following his indian premier league commitments. peter siddle will play in the red rose's first four county championship matches.
michael vaughan has confirmed he has held talks with the ecb over the role of director of england cricket. the 2005 ashes winning captain is the favourite to replace paul downton. andrew strauss and alec stewart are also in the frame for the role. peter moores has said he could work with v vaughnan despite their uneasy relationship.
toby alderweireld is on loan at southampton from atletico madrid, and could return to spain next season. the belgian defender has been in superb form this season. but he is ignoring rumours about his future, and is focused on european qualification.   manchester city and tottenham are interested in signing the 26-year-old. hull skipper michael dawson admits hull's 2-0 win against hull was a'massive disappointment'
owen farrell hopes to be fit for saracens' champions cup semi-final clash against clermont on april 18. fly-half suffered a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in january. farrell missed the entire rbs 6 nations campaign because of the injury.
kevin pietersen has been named in surrey's 13-man squad to play oxford university on sunday. the 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by england after last year's ashes. the controversial batsman will make his long-awaited return to domestic cricket. he has been selected for the three-day warm-up match against oxford universities.
richie benaud has died at the age of 84. the former australia cricketer and commentator was a broadcaster and commentator. he was also a former captain and all-rounder. benaud was the first player to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests. shane warne paid tribute to benaud, calling him the 'godfather of cricket'    he took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 tests while never losing a series in charge of his country.
tottenham striker harry kane led out his side for the first time in draw with burnley on sunday. at just 21 years and 251 days, the tottenham striker is the premier league's youngest captain this season. he scored within seconds of his england debut against lithuania on march 27.
champions league and europa league draws have dominated the headlines in spain and italy. real madrid and juventus' semi-final has been likened to a pair of films. carlos tevez pins hopes of reaching the champions league final on juventus. pep guardiola faces his former team bayern munich in the european final.
turkish airlines flight from milan to istanbul made an emergency landing at ataturk airport. the right engine of the airbus a320 aircraft caught fire after a first attempt to land. there are no reported injuries from the 97 passengers on board. it is believed the right side of the plane's landing gear collapsed during the first landing.
ross barkley has been linked with a move to premier league champions man city. everton team-mate gareth barry believes it is too early for the 21-year-old to move to the etihad. barry spent four seasons at man city before being found surplus to requirements. the veteran midfielder has advised barkley not to leave goodison.
tareq kamleh has been identified as the 'new face' of the latest islamic state propaganda video. the blue-eyed doctor completed his medical degree at adelaide university. he was reportedly a 'womaniser' who was thought to be a 'pretty normal guy'   he was known to practice medicine in adelaide, mackay and perth before working for is.
tito vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year after a long battle with cancer. the former barcelona coach was pep guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club. vilonova was part of a team that won three la liga titles and two champions league titles.
xherdan shaqiri joined inter milan from bayern munich in january for £12million. the attacking midfielder has been dropped to the bench in recent matches. roberto mancini insists the reports that he is set to leave the club are 'completely made up'   the 23-year-old has been linked with a move away from the club at the end of the season.
newcastle united lost 5-1 to sunderland in the tyne-wear derby at the stadium of light on sunday night. john carver's side have lost five in a row and are bottom of the premier league. newcastle have played in grey and put in a dull and uninspired performance. the magpies have lost the last five tyneside derbies.
ronnie o'sullivan has admitted he would 'love' to be the presenter of top gear. the five-time world snooker champion has appeared as a guest on the show in the past. o'ssullivan is looking for his sixth world title this week at the crucible.
manchester united winger ashley young believes the club will be challenging for the premier league title next season. united currently sit third in the table, 11 points behind leaders chelsea. louis van gaal has restored united's old vigour to the club this season. the red devils have endured two mixed campaigns since sir alex ferguson's retirement.
david cameron told an audience he was a west ham fan, despite supporting aston villa. the prime minister has since apologised, blaming a bout of 'brain fade' for the gaffe. the conservative party leader previously said he supported the west ham team. cameron was speaking at an event in south london and claimed to be a villa fan.
diego costa has failed to recover in time from a hamstring injury. jose mourinho's side travel to arsenal at the emirates on sunday. loic remy is also out of the match leaving didier drogba as chelsea's only fit senior striker. costa is not even likely to be named on the bench for the game. chelsea are 10 points clear in the premier league title race.
adam johnson, 27, charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming. premier league winger was arrested at his mansion in county durham on march 2. he will appear at peterlee magistrates' court on may 20. johnson has represented england at senior level 12 times and has a three-month-old daughter.
the women's tennis stars attended the porsche grand prix tennis opening ceremony in stuttgart on monday. ana ivanovic, caroline wozniacki, sabine lisicki, and maria sharapova were all in attendance. serena williams admitted she was not ready for the clay court tournament. world no 1 is top seed at the tournament and has won the last three years.
smita srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india, documented in the limca book of records. her hair was measured at 7ft (2.1m), which is more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player. the 37-year-old indian rapunzel is a local celebrity and is a jury member at a beauty contest. she has ambitions of becoming a guinness world record holder.
the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position in peterborough, cambridgeshire. boy's leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole. firefighters, police and ambulance crews worked to free the boy, a pupil at stanground academy. it is believed the temporary plastic drain cover was left uncovered.
ronaldo and zinedine zidane took part in the 12th annual match against poverty in saint-etienne. clarence seedorf, fabian barthez and jay-jay okocha also played and scored in the charity friendly match. pierre-emerick aubameyang scored a hat-trick in the 9-7 defeat for poverty.
jack grealish has met republic of ireland manager martin o'neill and could play for england. the 19-year-old will decide his international future at the end of the season. the aston villa forward has taken time out from national duty seven months ago.   he could end up playing for republic of irland against england in june but could still switch allegiance afterwards.
ann price was the owner of ann's snack bar in atlanta. the wall street journal named her signature 'ghetto burger,' a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili, the best burger in america. price started the restaurant back in 1971 and was known for her no-cursing policy.
eugenie bouchard refused to shake the hand of alexandra dulgheru before fed cup match at the weekend. the 21-year-old was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy . she has since lost both her singles matches to players ranked 69 and 104 in the tournament. the world no 7 has now lost six out of eight matches this season.
eden hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year. chelsea winger must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders, insists gary neville. neville says cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are 'in outer space' by comparison to other players. hazard is on par with arjen robben, thomas muller, neymar and gareth bale.
liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with standard chartered bank. the partnership will run through to the end of the 2018-19 season. standard chartered bank signed up as the reds' main sponsor in july 2010. the financial terms of the agreement remain confidential.
david ospina was lucky not to concede a penalty after clattering into oscar. laurent koscielny and per mertesacker both impressed for arsene wenger's side. but olivier giroud had little joy up front for the gunners. cesc fabregas was booed on his return to the emirates.
west ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when they move to the olympic stadium in stratford. co-chairmen david gold and david sullivan will use enhanced tv revenue to pass on savings to fans. the hammers will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the premier league. every season-ticket band at the club will be reduced by up to £205.
lewis hamilton claimed his third grand prix win of the season in bahrain on sunday. the mercedes driver extended his lead in the championship to three points. hamilton's younger sibling nicolas is preparing to compete in the british touring car championship. nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. the pair spent the weekend with their families in los angeles. mayweather was joined by girlfriend doralie medina and his wife jinkee. both men will begin final week of training this week.
jack grealish starred as aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final on sunday. the 19-year-old wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking hits. he has to buy kid-sized shinpads to meet safety regulations. man united legend george best also wore his socks round his ankles as a teenager. grealishes and his model girlfriend sasha attwood have been together since the age of 14.
manchester united players wayne rooney and david de gea and ashley young met sick supporters. louis van gaal and his players visited the manchester united foundation at their training ground on monday. the trio were part of a 'dream day' for the united foundation. united manager van gaals was in a jovial mood as he met the fans.
ronnie o'sullivan made a rude gesture during his second round match against matthew stevens. the five-time world champion was spoken to by referee olivier marteel and warned about his behaviour. o'ssullivan was leading 12-4 in the match at the end of the afternoon session.
video allegedly shot near the capital of sanaa shows 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carrying out rifle routine in the sand. group calls itself soldiers of the caliphate in yemen and claims to have established a 'caliphate' in the country. it comes after months of conflict which has seen iran-backed houthi rebels fight both the government and al qaeda affiliates.
abby bishop was 24 when she took in her two-day-old niece zala. basketballer abby bishop has looked after her niece since she was two days old. now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams. zala will go with bishop to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba. bishop has had to make a lot of adjustments to her life as a professional athlete.
javier hernandez scored twice in real madrid's 4-2 win over celta vigo on sunday night. the on-loan manchester united striker has scored six goals in eight games. real manager carlo ancelotti says the striker is undroppable on current form. real moved back to within two points of barcelona at the top of la liga.
andrea pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for juventus against rivals torino on sunday. juventus could have wrapped up their fourth consecutive serie a title with a victory. but juve fell to a 2-1 defeat at torino and missed out on the title. juve remain 14 points clear at the top of the league table.
david haye, 34, was stopped at dubai international airport after his arrival for a holiday. he was accused of fraud after writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced. former two-weight world champion handed over his passport to authorities. he has been unable to leave dubai and was forced to miss a mixed martial arts event in birmingham. haye has said the cheque was down to an 'administrative error' and was released the same day.
six chelsea players have been named in the pfa premier league team of the year for the 2014-15 season. john terry, gary cahill, branislav ivanovic, ryan bertrand, eden hazard and alexis sanchez are all in the team.    pfa announced the team for the premier league for the season on sunday morning.  david de gea was named as manchester united's most outstanding player this season.
daley blind was given a self-portrait of himself and his father danny as a late birthday present. the manchester united star posted a picture of the painting on his instagram. blind has been a key player for louis van gaal's side this season. the dutch star faces everton at sunday at goodison park.
arsene wenger's side are third in the premier league, level on points with manchester city. hector bellerin, francis coquelin and nacho monreal have impressed for the gunners this season. cesc fabregas was booed by large portions of the arsenal supporters after his return to the emirates. but when he was substituted in the final minute he was given an applause.
england's national saint's day falls on april 23. international footballers past and present took to social media to celebrate st george's day. harry kane, rio ferdinand and gary cahill among those to post pictures and videos.
ronnie o'sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the crucible and played a frame in his socks. the five-time world champion was forced to borrow a pair of shoes from a member of the audience. o'ssullivan led craig steadman 7-2 in the first round of the betfred world championship. the 39-year-old could face a fine after breaching snooker's strict dress code.
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton at goodison park on sunday in the premier league. louis van gaal accused his players of lacking desire after the match. gary neville has slammed manchester united's performance as 'toothless'    it was the red devils' worst performance in the last five or six weeks.
laura wells is a model and environmental scientist. designed swimwear line in collaboration with us brand swimsuits for all. the eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material. the collection is inspired by the ocean and features coral reef inspired designs. she has previously fronted campaigns for upside, berlei and asos.
manchester united lost 3-0 at everton in the premier league on saturday. louis van gaal said his players could not match everton's motivation. chris smalling said united were'second best from first minute until last'    manager fears defeat has allowed liverpool to apply pressure to united in the race for fourth.
live video streaming apps such as periscope and meerkat allow users to stream live video for free. sky and hbo could miss out on millions of viewers if viewers illegally stream the mega-fight. mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be broadcast next saturday on sky and showtime. sky is charging between £66 and £89.99 to watch the fight in the us.
jose mourinho has branded arsenal's 11-year wait for the premier league title as 'boring'    arsene wenger accused chelsea of being purposefully defensive during goalless draw at the emirates stadium on sunday. home fans chanted 'boring, boring gunners' throughout the game.   the portuguese manager heaped praise on skipper john terry for his 'fantastic' performance.
franck ribery, mehdi benatia, david alaba and arjen robben were injured for bayern munich's champions league clash with porto. pep guardiola's side lost 3-1 to porto at the allianz arena on tuesday night. robben was unavailable for the game with an abdominal injury. the german giants beat porto 6-1 on aggregate to reach the semi-finals.
cristiano ronaldo's shot hit a young supporter during real madrid's win over rivals atletico. the portuguese forward removed his training shirt and gave it to the supporter. the young supporter was star-struck by the kind act of kindness. real mad madrid face atletico in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday night.
bayern munich manager pep guardiola wore a t-shirt demanding justice for jorge 'el topo' lopez. jorge lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident at the world cup in july. guardiola has been charged by uefa after he wore the shirt in a press conference. ufa say guardiola was disciplined because of an ‘incident of a non-sporting nature’
manchester united manager louis van gaal says that wayne rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by everton at goodison park. rooney was replaced by robin van persie in the closing stages of the premier league clash. the england international was seen receiving treatment on the bench.   it is too early to know the severity of rooney's injury.
tottenham striker harry kane was named pfa young player of the year 2015 on sunday. the 21-year-old has scored 20 premier league goals for tottenham this season. kane also scored on his senior england debut for the club. the striker started the season as third-choice striker for spurs. he spent time on loan at four different clubs before breaking into the first-team.
alex oxlade-chamberlain and gary cahill pitted themselves against rugby stars jack nowell and george ford in a crossbar challenge to commemorate st george's day. the england football stars took part at england rugby's training centre in pennyhill park, bagshot.
chelsea's oscar was substituted at half-time during the london derby against arsenal. jose mourinho said the brazilian was taken off due to 'possible concussion'   the creative midfielder collided with an onrushing david ospina in the 16th minute. oscar played on until half time but was taken to hospital for checks.
chris hala'ufia halted leicester forward laurence pearce with a shoulder charge and then shoved his head into the ground. the welsh forward was then sent off for a brutal attack on the leicester player. leicester tigers beat london welsh 38-17 in aviva premiership clash.   leicester fought back from a 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points against the relegated welsh.
the emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president mauricio sulaiman in mexico city on tuesday. the $1million emerald winner's belt will be worn by manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather in the mega-fight on may 2. light heavyweight champion adonis stevenson and former world heavyweight champion larry holmes were also on hand to unveil the belt. mayweather was again spotted training in public ahead of his showdown with mayweather.
arsenal fan tv favourite claude callegari wants the cesc fabregas flag to be taken down from the ken friar bridge at the emirates stadium. the former arsenal star's image hangs from the side of the stadium. claude is a fan of chelsea and is set to start against his former club on sunday.
ian poulter shared an instagram picture of what looked like a painful acupuncture session. the english golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery.    floyd mayweather jnr, robin van persie and amar'e stoudemire are other sportsmen who use alternative treatments to aid recovery.
angelique kerber beat caroline wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 in the final of the porsche grand prix in stuttgart. kerber came from a set down to win her second title of the season. the german beat the third seed in three sets .
australian jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney. elastic in his pants gave way as he attempted to ride miss royale to victory. the 27-year-old bared his bum to all at the hyland race colours plate in canterbury, australia. shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down.
four chelsea fans called themselves the 'c-team' and dressed in jose mourinho, diego costa and cesc fabregas masks. the group covered the arsenal sign outside the emirates stadium with blue and white letters. the pranksters were only there for 10 minutes before being taken down by club staff.
bayern munich manager pep guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during a 6-1 champions league win over porto. guardiola's underwear was on show after the incident at the allianz arena. bayern led porto 5-0 at half-time in the champions league match on tuesday night. the bayern boss managed to tear the left trouser leg of his trousers.
man, known only as jason, from vancouver, uploaded the video to youtube of his method of popping a cyst. his wife filmed the video after his sister in law helped him pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist. he cried out in pain as his wife recorded the video of the procedure. jason's method of pop a cyster is condemned by medical professionals and doctors.
tiger woods gave former nba star yao ming a golfing lesson at nike's headquarters in shanghai. woods has played just three tournaments this year. woods will return to the pga tour at the players championship on may 7. the former world no 1 will be back at the tpc sawgrass.
didier drogba hosted a charity ball at london's swanky dorchester hotel on saturday night. the ivorian striker's foundation raised a staggering £400,000 for his foundation. the chelsea striker's charity ball raised money to open a medical clinic in abidjan. eden hazard, petr cech, edgar davids and john terry were among the guests at the event.
badou jack beat anthony dirrell on points at the uic pavilion on friday night. george groves will fight badou jack for the wbc world super-middleweight title this summer. groves bet £100 that jack would beat dirrell by a points decision or via a technical one. the 27-year-old took to instagram to show off his winning bet.
all 16 teams in the championnat national de premiere division are in with a shout of the championship. just 11 points separate leaders es setif and bottom-placed na hussein dey. three teams will be relegated to the second division. the final day of the season is on june 12 and there are 12 points to play for.
daniel sturridge will miss liverpool's trip to face hull city on tuesday night because of injury. brendan rodgers is unsure whether the striker will play again this season because of calf and thigh injuries. rodgers has vowed to do 'what is best' for the striker. the manager is adamant he will strengthen this summer and is keen on signing memphis depay.
david beckham's son romeo, 12, ran the london mini-marathon on sunday. he completed the three-mile race raising £6,000 for charity. paula radcliffe completed her final career race at the l london marathon.
steven gerrard was poor as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley on sunday. liverpool manager brendan rodgers must take the blame for liverpool's performance. rodgers failed to win a trophy in his first three seasons at liverpool. mario balotelli was flagged offside four times, more than any other player.
jose mourinho watched fulham under 21s lose 3-0 to former club porto u21s at motspur park on wednesday. real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final second leg. but chelsea manager missed the derby between madrid and atletico atletico. he was at the training ground with son jose junior, who is on student terms with the cottagers.
edinson cavani visited a local zoo after barcelona's 2-0 defeat to laurent blanc's side. the psg striker spent the day at the animal sanctuary. cavani has scored 18 goals for ligue 1 side this season in all competitions. the uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers is hoping memphis depay will choose liverpool. manchester united remain favourites to sign the holland international. psv eindhoven are looking for £25million for the 21-year-old. rodgers insists liverpool's transfer ambitions will not be compromised by not being in the champions league. liverpool remain fifth in the premier league.
floyd mayweather pays up to $1,000 per plate for food cooked by chef q. the boxer is preparing for the $300million mega-fight against manny pacquiao. adrien broner hosted a feast at his mansion for the boxer and his friends. chef q has been cooking for mayweather since the fight was announced. mayweather faces mannypacquiao at the mgm in las vegas on saturday.
john terry has warned arsenal they will not win the premier league playing 'tippy-tappy football' and need to adapt. jose mourinho's side were booed off the pitch after 0-0 draw with arsenal at the emirates. terry says chelsea are 'not boring' and have dug deep to win the title.
st mirren skipper steven thompson accidentally speared team-mate john mcginn with a pole in training. john was stabbed in the leg by the pole and will miss the rest of the season. the scotland under 21 player is on crutches and will be out of action for a year.  thompson threw the pole at john in jest and it stabbed him on the leg.
paula radcliffe ran her final london marathon on sunday. the 41-year-old finished in a time of 2:36.55 in her final competitive race. radcliffe was the world record holder for the 26.2mile race for 12 years. she said the time was irrelevant and that she was 'unfit and unprepared' for the race.   radcliffe had barely run since february due to injury.
jurgen klopp has confirmed he will be leaving borussia dortmund in the summer. franz beckenbauer believes pep guardiola could succeed him at bayern munich. klopp won two bundesliga titles in seven years with borussian dortmund. becken bauer believes only a fully fit squad can beat lionel messi and co in the champions league.
james mccarthy opened the scoring for everton in the fifth minute at goodison park. john stones and ashley young scored either side of half-time to put manchester united 3-0 down. kevin mirallas completed the scoreline for roberto martinez's side in the 74th minute. louis van gaal's side struggled to cope with the threat of everton's counter-attacks.
thomas muller scored his 27th goal in the champions league during bayern munich's 6-1 win against porto at the allianz arena. the world cup winner became the highest-scoring german in the tournament. pep guardiola's side celebrated the win with bayern fans after the match. muller used a megaphone to stir up the fans as he led the celebrations.
mgm grand expects 50,000 people to visit the hotel resort each day for the weigh-in and main event. the mgm grand will host the biggest boxing event in las vegas history on saturday night. floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao at the grand garden arena. the hotel expects to have 170,000 square feet of gaming for the mega-fight.
liverpool fans are planning a protest against the rising cost of premier league tickets. hull city charged liverpool fans £50 to go to the kc stadium on tuesday night. hull boss steve bruce says he respects the supporters' right to protest. liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he'respects' the protest.
james haskell dressed in iron man costume for the new avengers: age of ultron movie. the london wasps captain posted the picture on his instagram page. the flanker returned to wasps for the 2012 season after spells with stade francais, japan and new zealand. haskell has 57 caps for england and surpassed the 100 appearance mark for wasps.
andy carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during west ham's 0-0 draw with southampton. the 26-year-old is recovering from a serious knee injury. carroll posted a picture on instagram posing on a over-sized throne. the striker will not be available for the rest of the season.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are nine days away from facing each other at mgm grand. mayweather welcomed mariah carey to his gym in las vegas. carey watched from ringside as mayweather beat shane mosley in 2010. manny pacquiao was making another appearance on jimmy kimmel live.
sergio aguero and marco reus went head-to-head to help launch the new puma evospeed 1.3 boot. the manchester city striker scored to put himself 3-2 up against the borussia dortmund winger. the footwear brand are releasing the new boot.
world no 1 golfer rory mcilroy was a guest at a junior golf event in south carolina. he arm wrestled 17-year-old brad dalke in a strength test. dalkes will join oklahoma university in the autumn after graduating from high school. he committed to the university at the age of 12 and has finished high school a year early.
javier hernandez scored twice as real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 in la liga. the manchester united loanee now has six goals in eight starts for carlo ancelotti's side. nolito opened the scoring for celta but toni kroos equalised for the visitors. james rodriguez scored the other goal for real.
john terry has made an appearance in all 33 premier league games for chelsea this season. the blues captain is on course to appear in all 38 premier league matches for his side. terry made just 14 appearances in the 2012-13 season under rafa benitez. the 34-year-old made 37 premier league appearances during the 2009-10 title winning season.
wladimir klitschko beat bryant jennings at madison square garden on saturday night. the world heavyweight champion has confirmed that tyson fury will be his next opponent. the 39-year-old is willing to fight fury in england and says he is ready to travel to america to defend his belts.   the ukrainian ended his seven-year american hiatus after beating bryants jennington.
chelsea beat manchester united 0-0 at arsenal in the premier league on saturday. jose mourinho's side have one of the best back fours in premier league history. john terry, paulo ferreira, william gallas and ricardo carvalho form a solid back four.   no team has conceded fewer goals in a premier league season than chelsea in 2004-05 as they won the title. manchester united's treble-winning defence of 1998-99 was the best in the league's history.
kei nishikori beat pablo andujar 6-4 6- 4 in the final of the barcelona open at the real club de tenis. gerard pique and shakira were in the stands to watch the final . pique played in barcelona's 2-0 win over espanyol on saturday.
thierry henry believes arsenal need to buy a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker. sky sports pundit questioned whether arsenal can win the premier league title with olivier giroud in attack. henry was speaking after arsenal's goalless draw with chelsea.
mick schumacher junior is making his debut in the adac formula 4 series in germany this weekend. the 16-year-old is part of the dutch van amersfoort racing team in the 2015 adac series. he will start 19th in the first race of the season at the motorsport arena oschersleben. mick is racing under his own name after finishing second in his karting career.
bafetimbi gomis has been recovering from a hamstring injury in france. the swansea city striker has been spending time with his family in lyon. the frenchman suffered the injury during the 1-1 draw with everton earlier this month. scans revealed a grade two hamstring tear and he is expected to be out for two to three weeks.
real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 at the santiago bernabeu. toni kroos and javier hernandez scored for carlo ancelotti's side. real are now just two points behind league leaders barcelona at the top of la liga. nolito and james rodriguez scored for the away side.
philippine retailers struggling to cope with demand for pacquiao items ahead of may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather. online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of boxing gear and effects. ebay sales have jumped 10 times and prices are rising heavily for items.
chelsea have six players named in the premier league team of the year. manchester united top the table with 75 representatives in the best xi since premier league began in 1992. eden hazard was named the pfa player of theyear on sunday. steven gerrard has been named in eight of the 75 premier league teams since 1992.
the usa have unveiled their new kits for the women's soccer team ahead of the world cup hosted by canada in june. there has been some controversy over the decision to use a black and white colour scheme. the traditional usa colours are red, white and blue. the usa kick off their world cup campaign against australia on june 8.
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled on sunday night. eden hazard made the team for the third straight season. ea sports' performance index is the official player rating index of the premier league. gary cahill and nemanja matic fail to make the team. cesc fabregas and phil jagielka are omitted from the ea sport team.
ivan rakitic shared a picture with his wife and daughter to celebrate st george's day on instagram. the barcelona midfielder described his family as his 'princesses'    the croatia midfielder has been instrumental for barcelona since signing from sevilla in june.
moshin tanveer handed louis van gaal a list of players he thinks manchester united manager should sign at a club fan day. dutchman reads out the names of mats hummels, gareth bale and paul pogba . united are currently third in the premier league with 65 points from 33 games.
jose mourinho started without a striker against arsenal at the emirates. eden hazard, willian and oscar have an element of fantasy about their play but jose wants function. the manager's decision to leave didier drogba on the bench was a tactical masterclass. willian was exceptional for the blues in the first half against arsenal.
qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to winning the 2022 world cup. much of this outlay was on goods and services for qatar. cash payments were made from secret slush funds controlled by mohammed bin hammam . fifa have been called upon to overturn the controversial decision to hand the world cup to qatar .
lunch. pink top, £125, lkbennett.com. floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.com. work. mondrian dress, £220, josephribkoff.com . sandals, £34, office.co.uk. bag, £30, next.
manny pacquiao appeared in a hilarious commercial for foot locker ahead of his fight with floyd mayweather. the filipino joked in an advert back in november about fighting mayweather before the contract was signed. pacquino gets excited when he is told his fight against mayweather will go ahead. new advert ends with the boxer acting confused over possibility of facing his rival.
manchester united have been linked with edinson cavani. louis van gaal prefers to work with younger players and may have been put off by radamel falcao. cavani's performance against barcelona was disappointing. the uruguayan hasn't impressed in the champions league for psg this season.
new england patriots visited the white house to receive congratulations from president barack obama. patriots beat seattle seahawks 28-24 to win super bowl xlix in february. but quarterback tom brady was nowhere to be seen at the visit . a spokesman for the patriots said 'prior family commitments' was the reason why brady didn't attend the visit.
the apple watch sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres)   the model has an ion-x glass display which is supposed to be'resistant to scratches and impact'   when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered instantly. the watch costs from $349 (£299) but another test has shown that the watch lives up to apple's waterproof claims.
adam federici is due to marry girlfriend micaela gardner on the same weekend as the fa cup final. federici made an error in extra-time as reading lost 2-1 to arsenal in saturday's semi final. the goalkeeper had already booked his wedding for the weekend of the final.
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley stadium. philippe coutinho and christian benteke scored for liverpool. tim sherwood's side reached the final to take on arsenal in may. jack grealish impressed on his debut for the england side.
barcelona midfielder xavi made his 148th champions league appearance against psg on tuesday night. iker casillas can equal xavi's total - all time and in the knockout phase - if he plays against atletico on wednesday night. real madrid goalkeeper can also draw level with the former spain international. xavi set the record for most appearances in the champions league knockout phase.
jose mourinho has started 20 of his settled back seven in 33 premier league games this season. mario balotelli failed to impress on his first start for liverpool against west brom. louis van gaal blamed a lack of sharpness for manchester united's defeat at everton. robert huth has played a major role in leicester's recent run of results.
watford beat brighton 2-0 at the amex on saturday to secure promotion back to the premier league. slavisa jokanovic's side will return to the top flight for the first time since the 2006-07 season. middlesbrough lost to norwich and norwich failed to win at craven cottage. players celebrate wildly on the team-bus as other results come through.
ea sports' new game ea sports rory mcilroy pga tour is due out on july 16 for xbox one and ps4. the game features various gameplay styles and enhanced ball physics. courses, such as tpc sawgrass, also affect how your shots are played.
steel gate at border field state park in california was unlocked by officials in honor of children's day, a mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family. many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to mexico after living in the u.s. without documentation. gate had only been opened to those affected once before, in 2013.
manchester city defender jason denayer has been on loan at celtic for a season. the 19-year-old is set to return to the etihad to fight for a first-team place. but celtics want him to spend a season in the english championship next season. john guidetti faces disciplinary action after singing an offensive song about rivals rangers.
f1 world champion was spotted on the rome set for the comedy sequel with olivia munn and ben stiller. hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen. he was seen in a scene with ben and owen wilson in a fashion show.
bridesmaids star chris o'dowd expressed his frustration with staff at gatwick airport. the actor's three-month-old son was frisked and his bottle was thrown out. incident occurred a day after he and his wife, dawn o'porter, attended an event in london. the 35-year-old actor posted the tweet on his verified twitter account.
some 43% of voters think ed miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' when compared to prime minister. but only 25% of people think he wants to win most, compared to 43% for cameron. more people think miliband is hungriest for a win and appears to be enjoying the campaign more than cameron .
karen danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in parliament like them. labour councillor said parliament needed people like her ‘to bring it back down to reality’    she said she had rebuilt her life after being ‘shattered’ as a child and had confidence to go into politics. she revealed earlier this year that she had suffered sexual abuse.
motherwell will go to battle with the spfl over free entry to the premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders. spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds but motherwell want to offer free tickets. motherwell general manager alan burrows told sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th.
london borough of barking and dagenham wants dog owners to submit a dna sample from the inside of their cheek. council wants to match dog mess to owners and issue a £80 fine. similar schemes in the us have reduced dog fouling by up to 90 per cent.
philip dunning 44, from bo'ness, west lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town. he went in for his 4am shift at caledonia produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting. he kept the winning ticket in his wallet during the shift.
real madrid host almeria at the bernabeu in la liga. james rodriguez opens the scoring for the hosts in the first half. cristiano ronaldo and javier hernandez come on for carlo ancelotti. both sets of players wear 'todos con nepal' t-shirts in support of the nepal victims.
football fan boyfriend made his girlfriend take a test quizzing her about his favourite football club. she scored 87 per cent and scored 43.5 out of 50 in the test. her boyfriend didn't dump her and commented 'well done saskia' after she scored a grade of 'a'   he was impressed with her knowledge and said she 'could have performed better on q17' and 'learned all player positions'
ousamn jatta, 45, married wife beryl, 88, in gambia 13 years ago and moved back to the uk with her. he took her to a care home while he went to africa for three weeks for respite. but when he returned he was not allowed to take her home with him by social services. mr jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless bristol city council hand over his wife.
ronald butcher left his entire £500,000 fortune to daniel sharp after he died in march 2013. mr butcher became friends with builder after he cleared his gutters for free six years before his death. his body was not discovered for almost two months after his death in enfield, north london. his family and friends insist that the will is invalid and that mr sharp is lying about his friendship with the builder.
indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo said that 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the bali nine pair's execution. he applauded chan and sukumaran's executioners for the good job they did.    he dismissed australia's withdrawal of its ambassador as a'momentary reaction' to the executions. prime minister tony abbott slammed the executions as 'cruel and unnecessary' and withdrew its ambassador to indonesia.
g goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he was involved in couple's daughter madeleine's disappearance. police chief claimed in a book and a documentary that couple were involved in her disappearance. he claimed    that the three-year-old had not been abducted, but had died in an accident in 2007. court ordered him to pay €250,000 (£179,000) each in damages and banned further sales of his book.
ronaldo brown has signed for oldham athletic after being released by liverpool. the 16-year-old is named after brazil's former striker ronaldo. he has a twin brother called rivaldo and a younger sister called trezeguet. the latics are currently in league one and play at boundary park.
lib dem minister danny alexander releases details of what he claims are secret plans to cut child benefit and child tax credits. prime minister 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants. mr cameron himself asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits. conservatives angrily denied the specific proposals set out in the document. lib dem leader nick clegg expressed outrage that the tories could not be 'bothered' to reveal plans. vince cable claims the tory party has a 'nasty streak' and warns of 'unfinished agenda'
rodrigo gularte, 42, asked 'am i being executed?' as he was being chained up to be executed. the convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate and complained about hearing voices. father charlie burrows said he talked to gularte for an hour and a half late on tuesday night to prepare him for the executions. gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into indonesia. the brazilian national was a paranoid schizophrenic who didn't realise he was executed until his last moments.
arshdeep kaur, 14, and her mother shinder, were travelling from home in punjab, northern india, to visit relatives. a group of men began harassing the pair on a bus and tried to'molest' them. when mother tried to stop bus, passengers and bus staff joined in the sexual assault. arshdeep died in hospital after being thrown off the bus and mother was seriously injured.
14 soldiers have been accused of abusing children as young as nine in exchange for food in central african republic. french president francois hollande has vowed to'show no mercy' if soldiers are found guilty. the french defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal. the investigation has been underway since last year but only made public yesterday.
ba van nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of saigon on april 30, 1975. he managed to fly a ch-47 chinook with his three young children and wife and wife to safety. he flew towards the uss kirk which was too small to land, and so he hoovered over as his family jumped out. he then flew back out to sea and jumped from the helicopter and managed to pilot the helicopter while getting out of his flight suit and jumping into the ocean just seconds before it crashed. nguyen was awarded an air medal for his bravery.
pema lama, 15, was pulled from the rubble of a guesthouse in kathmandu after he became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on saturday. his astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued from rubble of his family home.
jeffrey okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing carl beatson-asiedu to death outside a nightclub in london in 2009. the 19-year-old was known as dj charmz and appeared in cbbc spy show mi high. court heard he confessed to his girlfriend before fleeing to nigeria on his brother's passport .
javier hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games for manchester united. but real madrid failed to activate their first option to buy the striker outright. the midnight deadline passed without madrid making a formal offer to buy him. west ham, southampton, newcastle and lazio are interested in the 26-year-old.
carl thompson, 32, has gained 30 stone in just three years and is now bed-bound at 65 stone.    he is too heavy to walk or wash himself and spends £200 a week on takeaways and online shopping. he was caught raiding his neighbours fridges when he was three and has always had a problem with food. after the death of his mother in 2012 he turned to food as a way of coping with his grief. he is now facing death unless he drastically changes his diet.
five-month-old sonit awal was asleep upstairs in the family home when the earthquake struck. he was saved from death by a cupboard that fell on top of him protecting him from the rubble. his mother rasmila awal, 35, could hear her baby crying from the wreckage of his flattened home. the baby boy was trapped under rubble for 22 hours before he was finally rescued. his parents and older sister were outside trying to free him with their bare hands.
liz clark, 34, from san diego, california, promised to document her travels on a cal 40 sailboat. she was given the boat by a retired professor who wanted to sail around the world. liz has travelled 25,000 nautical miles and documented her travels in a series of photos.
darren stanton has become the uk's top human leading human lie detector and body expert. appeared on itv's this morning and caught philip schofield and amanda holden fibbing. has background in psychology, micro expression training and neuro linguistic programming.
rangers manager stuart mccall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters. lee mcculloch was booed for an error that led to a raith rovers goal last weekend. the rangers captain was the object of frustration from the ibrox stands. mccalls hopes lee will be the last player to get booed as a player.
ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result. appeared on special question time-style programme filmed in birmingham today. claimed party could enjoy snp-style surge in support in the wake of a vote to remain in the eu. came after david cameron, ed miliband and nick clegg faced live-tv grilling over plans for five years in power. all three leaders insisted they would not give voters a say on european referendum.
ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to the continent from north africa could provide a cover for jihadis. he will make comments in debate at european parliament in strasbourg in wake of 1,000 migrants drowning in mediterranean. mr farage will warn that if eu agrees to give refuge to migrants, it could lead to millions being given passports.
scottish first minister talked up her chances of being westminster's king-maker following next week's election. ed miliband insists he would not do any deals with the snp - but a vote-by-vote deal is on the table. mr miliband said he would rather not be prime minister than make a deal with snp. but polls still point to another hung parliament after the election.
home secretary said new legislation was urgently needed to update powers of mi5 and gchq. based on current polling, parliament would be left deadlocked - with balance of power held by scottish nationalists. michael fallon said labour might be unable to renew trident nuclear deterrent if reliant on snp.
scientist bionerd has visited the chernobyl exclusion zone six times since the disaster 29 years ago. she measures the high levels of radiation in the area and uploads videos to her youtube channel. but she says she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital - and is more likely to develop cancer from swimming.    she says the most scared she's felt was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking by abandoned buildings. the area was devastated by a nuclear explosion at the power plant on april 26, 1986.
charlie patino, 11, and his family must weigh up offers from arsenal, chelsea and tottenham. the midfielder has been spotted at luton town's academy. he analyses spanish football and his style of play has been influenced by favourite team barcelona. charlie would cost £10,000 and is a season ticket holder at the club.
emma giffard, 36, and ollie halls, 37, from somerset, bought the mobile cinema for just £1,200 in 2005. they spent five years restoring it and spent years touring the country with it. it was rescued from a field in essex where it sat rotting in a field for 14 years. but now the couple want to sell it so they can concentrate on being parents to their two children. it's one of just seven mobile cinemas originally commissioned by the ministry of technology in 1967.
kevin morgan, 55, was injured in a'minor' car accident in 2005 and claims he is in too much pain to work. he was accused of attempting a £600,000 fraud by motor insurers direct line group. sales manager was filmed out in a coffee shop with celebrity friend max clifford. mr morgan claims he was left too disabled to leave his home regularly after the accident. court heard he was put under surveillance and shown to be far from the disabled wreck he claims to be.
everton's first-team players attended the annual 'academy day' at finch farm on tuesday. players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the senior stars for a training session. leon osman, phil jagielka, ross barkley and romelu lukaku were all in attendance.
only nine per cent of germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat - a 25 per cent drop in a decade. attitudes are reportedly changing among the younger generation. research carried out 70 years after hitler committed suicide in a bunker in berlin. germans think of themselves as the victims of hitler and his nazi regime.
jack wilshere posted a photo of his shopping trolley on his day off on instagram. the england midfielder shared his haul with his 891,000 instagram followers.    the 23-year-old missed five months of this season after ankle surgery in november.
ivan rakitic and his wife raquel mauri posted a picture on instagram of them relaxing at the beach. lionel messi has also shared a picture of his wife having her stomach kissed by their son. the pair married in 2013 and are expecting their second child.
tickets for the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale on thursday. tickets for the richest fight of all time will go on sale at 8pm on th thursday. mayweather vs mannypacquiao is set to be the biggest fight of the century.
ipsa chief sir ian kennedy launched a bid to keep mps' receipts private. ipsa's expenses watchdog tried to keep original claims secret - only publishing a summary of their claims. court of appeal ruled today all copies of receipts and invoices must be published. comes six years after the mps expenses scandal broke - and mps are still in power.
arsenal duo alex oxlade-chamberlain and kieran gibbs posed for a selfie with rap artist tyga at the emirates. the rack city rapper has been dating the youngest kardashian sister kylie jenner. tyga appeared to dye his hair red to show his support for arsenal. the duo also gave tyga a no 52 arsenal shirt.
theo walcott has spent much of the season on the bench for arsene wenger's side. the 26-year-old has been named on the substitutes' bench for 17 of 33 premier league games. walcott posed for a lanvin photoshoot alongside jack wilshere, calum chambers, mikel arteta, david ospina and mesut ozil.
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in the fight of the century at the mgm grand on may 2. mayweather posed for a picture with motown legend gladys knight during a training session. knight posted a picture on twitter with the boxing champion.
lionel messi posted a picture on instagram of his wife antonella roccuzzo having her stomach kissed by their son. messi's first son thiago was born in 2012 and has his handprints on his calf. the couple are due to have a baby boy and have a name for him.
adnan januzaj turned up at the snooker world championships in sheffield on wednesday. the manchester united winger cheered on friend shaun murphy at the crucible. the 20-year-old turned out for under 21s in the 4-1 win at fulham on tuesday night. januzaji showed off his pool table skills on a mini pool table at the world championship.
andy murray and coach amelie mauresmo are expecting a baby in august. andy murray will take a break from coaching after wimbledon. jonas bjorkman will work with murray until the end of the us open and then maybe longer. murray is in munich for this week's bmw open.
nigel farage said snp was 'openly racist' and accused alex salmond of fuelling resentment. ukip leader said anti-english sentiment in scotland was now the 'biggest' form of racism in the uk. he said the former first minister had made the problem worse. snp msp humza yousaf hit back at farage's 'politics of fear and intolerance'   mr farage also said he is 'astonished' by how little clothing women in newcastle wear on a night out.
marouane fellaini and his twin brother mansour shared a glass of bubbly after manchester united's 3-0 loss against everton on sunday. jose mourinho was told by a hotel doorman that marouane was not playing at stamford bridge . the belgian midfielder was substituted at half-time against the toffees at goodison park. the brothers were the subject of a mix-up involving chelsea boss josemourinho.
ade adebayo, 34, from brighton booked a trip to las vegas with friends to watch the fight. he was one of only 500 fans to get a ticket for the floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao fight. ade and his friends booked the trip in anticipation of the big fight. only 500 tickets for the fight were released last week and ade managed to get one of them.
lionel messi, neymar and luis suarez have scored 102 goals for barcelona this season. the trio scored in barcelona's 6-0 win over getafe on tuesday night. messi scored twice, while suarez scored two and nymar also netted. barcelona trio now have a century of goals between them for the season.
roger federer believes rafael nadal is still the man to beat at the french open. nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the barcelona open last week. the spaniard is a nine-time champion at roland garros. federer is playing in the inaugural istanbul open this week.
former manchester united manager sir alex ferguson spoke to john parrott over a frame of snooker. the 73-year-old believes cristiano ronaldo is better than lionel messi as he could score for any team. the former united boss revealed how he 'battered' paul ince before his former player blamed his wife.
neymar posted a photo of himself with luis suarez and lionel messi after barcelona's 6-0 win over getafe. the brazilian captioned the photo: 'buena victoria chavaleeeeees.... daleeee'    barca's front three are the greatest forward line in the club's history. suarez has scored nine goals in his last 10 games for the catalan giants.
formula one driver jenson button completed the london marathon in under three hours. the 35-year-old was running on behalf of cancer research. button finished in two hours, 52 minutes and 30 seconds. button praised the 'amazing atmosphere' and collective spirit of the runners at the event.
the bt sport industry awards were held in battersea on thursday. recently retired jockey ap mccoy was in attendance with his wife chanelle for the ceremony. southampton's nathaniel clyne and ryan bertrand and jack wilshere also attended the event. sam warburton, rebecca adlington and rebecca adlington were among the sporting stars to turn out.
martin odegaard was named on the bench for real madrid's 3-0 win against almeria at the bernabeu. the 16-year-old was in line to become the youngest player in the club's history if he came on. carlo ancelotti's side beat the relegation-threatened side at la liga. norway international will turn 17 in december.
lewis hamilton took his brother nicolas out for a spin in his shelby cobra in la. the two-time formula one world champion is training ahead of the spanish grand prix. nicolas will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the british touring championship.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight at the mgm grand garden arena on saturday night. the mega-fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m) from sponsorship. tecate have paid $5.6million to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout.
robin van persie scored twice as manchester united beat fulham under 21s 4-1 at craven cottage. the holland striker has been sidelined with an ankle injury since mid-february. van persie opened the scoring for louis van gaal's side in the under-21 premier league match. joe rothwell scored two goals of his own to extend united's lead in the second half. stephen humphreys scored a late consolation goal for fulham.
didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy. the chelsea forward set up the 'didier drogba foundation in africa'   he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers to fall in love with the game. the ivorian scored the equaliser against leicester on wednesday.
didier drogba hit back at claims that chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge'   the blues are preparing for wednesday night's trip to leicester city at st george's park. jose mourinho's side can wrap up the premier league title with two more victories.
research led by a scientist at the new jersey institute of technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux 'rope' on the sun. in the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields can be seen writhing around. solar flux ropes are common structures in the solar corona and are thought to be the main cause of solar flares and coronal mass ejections. it is hoped the study could help increase understanding on how they form - and how they cause space weather.
addison russell, 21, was batting for the chicago cubs in the seventh inning during his first game at wrigley field. he was trying to catch up to a fastball and accidentally let his bat slip out of his fingers. the bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the cubs' on-deck circle in the face. the fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious and communicative after being hit.   the rookie, 21-year-old said the bat 'just slipped' from his fingers and is batting.160 in six big league games.
daniel sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley back in february. the liverpool frontman showed off his dance moves to young liverpool fans. the 25-year-old hinted that his next celebration could be called 'feed the ducks'
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather at mgm grand on may 2 in las vegas. top rank promoter bob arum says the contracts for the mega fight have yet to be signed. arum claims that the draft contract he received is different to the terms that were agreed. tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale.
floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 but no tickets are on sale for the mega-fight. bob arum said tickets would be on sale in the first week of april. but 11 days before the fight, no one has a ticket in their hands. mayweather's promoter has blamed mayweather for the lack of tickets. the venue, mgm grand arena, says tickets are not yet available for purchase.
audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide. experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude'   audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of german minister of education .
the revolutionary system is being commercialised by french company pixium vision, with clinical trials scheduled for 2016. electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight. the technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation'   it claims it has been able to restore the sight of rats to a level equivalent to 20/250.
denim designer bettina liano is being pursued for almost $130,000 by the australian tax office. she cannot afford to pay the taxes withheld between march and december 2012. the denim designer relaunched her label last year after going into liquidation in 2013. she is the sister of real housewives of melbourne's gina.
patrick priebe created a working iron man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. the gadget was created by wuppertal-based inventor, who designs and builds metal laser gadgets. the laser glove can be fired continuously for up to three minutes. it was inspired by iron man, also known as tony stark. earlier this year, the same inventor built a laser weapon, inspired by the gatling gun.
chelsea are champions of the barclays premier league after winning the league title. manchester city and manchester united are likely to join chelsea in the champions league. bournemouth were crowned sky bet league one champions and automatic promotion to the vanarama conference.
the robots were originally created by british artist giles walker for a show called 'peepshow' and cost £2,500 to hire. they were made out of old car parts and are controlled by a computer. the robots were hired by dutch hosting company transip for an event in shoreditch.
packets of ‘beef masala’ were sent by pakistan as part of relief aid to nepal after april 25 earthquake. majority-hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal. indian doctors at kathmandu’s bir hospital told mail that packets of the food were sent. the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony.
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on may 2 in las vegas. mayweather has defended his claim to be the best ever ahead of the mega-fight. there were no apologies for claiming to be greater than muhammad ali. but mayweather was soft-spoken on a conference call for the fight. he also showed sympathy for freddie roach's battle with parkinson's.
researchers from university college london subjected lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging. copper inside the battery reached temperatures of at least 1,085°c (1,985°f), causing molten material to stream from the vent. li-ion battery cells are known to overheat and are vulnerable to a condition known as thermal runaway. the footage is the first time the failure of a battery due to overheating has been recorded.
fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network in portadown, county armagh. experts believe rare and valuable pieces of meteorite may have fallen to earth from fireball. pieces could potentially be worth thousands of pounds and are believed to have landed in the irish sea. it comes after astronomers believe meteor triggered conversion of biblical figure paul.
photographer jessica fulford-dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in kabul, afghanistan. 40 per cent of skateistan's students are female, and skateboarding is the top sport for girls in the country. skateistan is a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth with education through skateboarding. most girls are not allowed to ride bicycles, but skateboarding isn't against the rules.
nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california. the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. it means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter. nasa has been testing a flexible wing  on a plane - and it could increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent, and reduce noise at take-off and landing.
ian merrett, 28, was accused of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling poppy smart, 23, every day for a month. marketing co-ordinator claimed she was harassed at worcester construction site. mr merrett said she should take it as a compliment and said she was 'lucky' to have received attention. he was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for affray and said he has'snogged loads of girls' in the past. miss smart filmed the whistles and asked west mercia police to investigate alleged sexual harassment. but he admits it was probably him and called her a'silly little girl' who should not have gone to police.
tammy abraham and dominic solanke both scored twice in chelsea's 3-1 fa youth cup final win against manchester city on monday. the 17-year-olds have both scored 36 goals for the season. abraham has reached the 35-goal mark and could play for the first-team against arsenal this weekend.
former boxing promoter says ukip supporters should vote tory to keep ed miliband and nicola sturgeon out of power. she said a vote for the party would be 'wasted'    she was the party's candidate for london mayor in 2004 but later apologised for 'too many gays' comments.
amanda oleander, 25, is one of the stars of periscope, twitter's new live broadcasting platform. she has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched. she broadcasts live from her bedroom and has only been online for 29 days.
the eshima ohashi bridge in japan is the third largest of its kind in the world. the concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi, linking the cities of matsue and sakaiminato. it rises sharply so ships can pass underneath and has a gradient of 6.1 per cent.
matthew selt fought back from 7-2 down to beat jimmy white 10-8 in qualifying in sheffield. white's bid to qualify for the world snooker championship ended on monday. six-time world champion steve davis also lost 10-1 to kurt maflin.
government’s listening post unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from sami al-saadi, it has been ruled. gchq, the government's listening post, intercepted confidential conversations between dissident and his lawyer. the legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules. investigatory powers tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive communications. mr al-saadi has fought a legal battle against the british government claiming it was complicit in kidnapping him.
celtic are interested in signing dundee united midfielder john souttar and striker nadir ciftci. jackie mcnamara's side sold stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven to celtic on deadline day in january. united have won just three of their 14 games this season. the club are considering a second double raid for the pair.
two window cleaners working at a skyscraper in shanghai were blown around by high winds. incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey shan shanghai world financial centre. the platform was repeatedly slammed into the side of the building. luckily, the two workers only suffered minor injuries.
the research has been hailed a 'tour de force' by scientists at stanford university school of medicine. lab-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours, but also distant metastases that have spread through the body. it raises hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, lung and breast cancer.
five men aged between 90 and 99 are among the first of 2,800 living veterans to receive france's highest honour. the legion d'honneur is awarded to those who played a vital role in the liberation of france. two were teenagers, one was a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare.
british artist johanna basford, 32, created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013. her book secret garden has sold over 1.5million copies since then. her second book enchanted forest has sold 226,000 copies in one month. enchanted forest reached number one on the uk amazon book chart at the start of april.
inverness reached the william hill scottish cup final with a 2-1 win over celtic . david raven scored a late extra-time winner to win the game at celtic park . john hughes' side will face falkirk in the final of the competition on may 30.    the standard of refereeing remains an ongoing embarrassment for celtics.
manny pacquiao has his own sitcom show me da manny and quiz show manny many prizes. the boxer is the people's champion in the philippines. he pays 64 per cent more tax than any other citizen in the country. his birthday is a national holiday and his fight with floyd mayweather has been declared a holiday.
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the youth cup final at the etihad stadium. tammy abraham scored twice in the first half to put chelsea in the lead. dominic solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline for city.
marc albrighton opened the scoring for leicester in the 45th minute at the king power stadium. didier drogba equalised for chelsea after 48 minutes with a fine solo effort. john terry made it 2-1 to the visitors just after the hour mark with a close-range finish. ramires scored a stunning goal in the 83rd minute to make it 3-1 for the hosts at leicester.
terminal 1 at beijing international airport will cover 700,000 square metres, and is set to handle 45million passengers a year. opening in 2018, the gigantic terminal 1 will be the largest in the world. british-iraqi architect, zaha hadid, has collaborated with airport developers to create the design. the new terminal is designed to cope with the surge in chinese tourist numbers.
manchester city play chelsea in the first leg of the fa youth cup final at manchester city's academy stadium on monday night. the match kicks off at 7.45pm and the second leg takes place next monday at stamford bridge. manchester have twice lifted the youth cup in recent years.
the reddit thread focuses on brides from russia and the philippines and has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments. it asked users to spill the beans on what'surprised' them the most about their mail-order brides. many of the men ordered their brides because they struggled socially.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao face off in las vegas on saturday. the mega-fight is billed as the $300million fight of the century. pay-per-view figures for the bout are set to eclipse the highest grossing bouts to date. mike tyson features in four of the top 10 highest-grossing bouts of all-time. mayweather has featured in three of the ten highest-earning bouts.
bayern munich beat wolfsburg 1-0 at borussia monchengladbach in the bundesliga on sunday. max kruse scored a last-minute winner to secure the title for bayern. wolfsburg's nearest rivals were beaten 1- 0 at bourussia moencheng gladbach. pep guardiola's side have been crowned champions for the 25th time in the league.
heather mack, 19, avoided the death penalty after brutally killing her mother with the help of her boyfriend in bali in august. muyran sukumaran and andrew chan were executed on wednesday after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from bali to australia in 2005. the two australians have spent the past decade on death row . the bali nine ringleaders spent 10 years in kerobokan prison working to reform themselves.
floyd mayweather jnr's personal chef quiana jeffries has helped the boxer with his strict organic food diet. the champ insists on eating organic food before his $300m mega-fight with manny pacquiao. chef q has revealed that mayweather's favourite food is fried hot dogs with barbecue sauce. but finding organic food stores in the early hours of the morning is difficult for chef q.
castello baronale, situated just 31 miles from rome, is a 12th century castle that was once used as a fortress by napoleon. the castle includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a ballroom, library, gym, gym and theatre. the property was owned by the barberini family for 400 years, until it was sacked by the french revolutionary troops.
celtic beat rangers 2-0 to win the glasgow cup at hampden park on tuesday evening. josh kerr and mark hill scored the goals for tommy mcintyre's side. rangers keeper robby mccrorie made two mistakes to hand celtic the win. it was the fourth time in eight seasons that celts have won the cup.
at least five women got into a large-scale brawl at a zara clothing store in philly's rittenhouse square neighborhood on friday afternoon. the women pulled hair, slapped, yanked each other's clothes and knocked over store displays. the police were called, but all of the women fled the scene. no arrests were made.
tammy abraham opened the scoring for chelsea after seven minutes against manchester city in the fa youth cup final first leg. dominic solanke equalised for the west london side two minutes later. isaac buckley-ricketts and abraham scored the other goals of the game for the home side. manchester city were beaten 3-1 at stamford bridge in the first leg of the second leg. abraham and solanke both scored twice in the game to put chlsea 2-0 up at half time.
john terry scored twice as chelsea beat leicester city 3-1 at crystal palace. jose mourinho's side are 13 points clear at the top of the premier league table. crystal palace host crystal palace on sunday in the final game of the season. didier drogba, ramires and john terry also scored for the hosts.
the tags belonged to world war ii veteran cpl. william benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach. metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found the dog tags after a storm last year and returned them to the vet's son.
ronny deila preparing for scottish cup semi-final against inverness. celtic are eight points clear in scotish premiership with six games to play. the league cup winners face invernesses at hampden park on sunday. deila believes his side's biggest opponent is themselves.
brenna happy cloud of salem, oregon, found herself locked out of her facebook account last week. for five days she received the same message every time she attempted to log in. facebook's helpdesk asked for proof of identity and a copy of her social security card. happy cloud has accused facebook of discrimination after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name.
dita von teese will lead burlesque workshops at canyon ranch, a luxury health resort in tucson, arizona. fashion designer and author will team up with burlesquesque teacher catherine d'lish to offer self-confidence boosting classes. holidaymakers can learn the 'burlesque strut' and learn to strip.
gloucester set up challenge cup final against edinburgh after beating exeter at kingsholm. greig laidlaw and bill meakes scored tries for the cherry and whites. henry slade kicked six penalties for the hosts. gloucester will play edinburgh in the final at twickenham next season.
john terry scored his seventh goal in all competitions for chelsea this season against leicester on wednesday night. terry has scored seven goals in the premier league for the club this season. the 34-year-old is the club's joint third-highest goalscorer with seven goals.   terry's goal return is better than manchester city striker edin dzeko - who has six goals for the season. radamel falcao has endured a difficult season on loan at manchester united scoring only four goals.
new drug oxaliplatin, carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs, achieved almost complete remission in mice. each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease. there are currently few options for men with aggressive drug-resistant prostate cancer.
steve davis will attempt to qualify for the betfred world championship at the crucible. jimmy white will take on fellow veteran james wattana in qualifying on thursday. reanne evans is a 10-time ladies' world champion. davis admits his own hopes of qualifying are looking forlorn.
world snooker chairman barry hearn has ruled out giving a season-long tour wildcard to reanne evans. evans lost 10-8 to ken doherty in a close qualifying match for the betfred world championship. the 10-time winner of the ladies' world championship saw her dream ended by doherty. hearn says evans must go through qualifying school to earn a place.
reanne evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the snooker world championship. evans faces former champion ken doherty in qualifying at pond's forge on thursday. the 29-year-old has won 10 women's world titles. opponent doherty won the crucible title in 1997.
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao is billed as the fight of the century. the mega-fight takes place in las vegas on saturday. boxing fans will be able to buy commemorative jewellery ahead of the bout. the world boxing council and bwa are launching a limited-edition jewellery range.
pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best views of their destination. sit on the right side of the plane for views of sydney harbour and cape town and table mountain. opt for a seat on the left side to see the grand canyon and bora bora.
harry davies-carr and his brother charlie appeared in the viral video eight years ago. the video has amassed more than 816million views on youtube. the brothers are now aged 11 and nine and have given an interview to children's tv show. the clip was originally filmed to send to their godfather.
leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick against dundee united on sunday. the 24-year-old is celtic's top scorer after scoring 14 goals in his last 17 games. the striker has a reputation for being 'unmanageable'   he was on loan at hibernian from hibs before signing for £900,000 in january 2014.
falkirk beat hibernian 1-0 in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park. craig sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute. the bairns will face either inverness or celtic in the final on may 30. hibernian hit the post twice in the first half and both scott allan and fraser fyvie hit the woodwork.
for the super-wealthy, booking holiday travel is a last-minute affair. the 0.01 per cent of the population prefer to take off on a moment's notice. wedding and event planner sarah haywood has organised honeymoons for celebrities. the ultra-rich prefer to rent their own private maldivian island. they request special access to exclusive events and charter private jets.
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao at the mgm grand in las vegas on saturday. justin bieber will carry mayweather's championship belts into the ring for the mega-fight. the pop singer has been close friends with mayweather for years. mayweather and manny pacquiao are set to fight in the $300million bout.
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather at the mgm grand in las vegas on saturday night in the biggest fight of the century. the 36-year-old was born into poverty in the philippines and moved to manila at the age of 14. he has become one of the biggest stars in the world after a series of mega-fights. pictures have emerged of mannypacquiao as a teenager in a manila boxing gym. the welterweight stars will make their first public appearances of the week on tuesday.
archibald-winning artist ben quilty has penned an impassioned message to indonesian president joko widodo. quilty became a mentor to bali nine duo in 2012 and has been a staunch advocate for clemency. he has addressed a message to the president in the final hours before andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are expected to be executed in indonesia. the artist has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the other drug convicts on death row.   quilty pledged to become the'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of his life'    joko widodo has
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao arrive in las vegas ahead of mega-fight at mgm grand on saturday. sportsmail's boxing correspondent jeff powell was there to witness the pair's grand arrivals. powell looks ahead to the $300million showdown at themgm grand.
scottish football's relationship with television has become a form of stockholm syndrome. sky and bt sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of scotish football. the spfl are engaged in a faustian pact with broadcasters. english clubs are paid £5billion for premiership football and are treated with respect.
luxury holiday homes around the world are on the market for up to £13 million. from a lake garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an italian villa that looks like a castle. some of the most spectacular holiday homes are available for a fraction of the price.
stefan johansen shared the players' player of the year award with scott brown. the norwegian midfielder has been in superb form for celtic this season. the bhoys are eight points clear at the top of the scottish premiership table. the 24-year-old is looking forward to clinching the league title this weekend.
chelsea are set to announce the signing of nathan allan de souza for £4.5million. nathan is a 19-year-old attacking midfielder from atletico paranaense. he will join compatriots willian, ramires, oscar and oscar at stamford bridge. the midfielder scored five goals for brazil at the under 17 world cup in 2013.
massaging your 'third eye',  the point between your eyebrows, can help boost concentration. massage therapist suzi cinalli says it can be used to boost memory and concentration. she outlines six top tips to boost concentration, including eating fish for breakfast and doing yoga at lunchtime.
ken doherty leads reanne evans 5-4 at the interval of world championship qualifier in sheffield. doherty won four of the final five frames of the morning session. evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals. the former world champion took the opening frame 71-15 against evans.
racism is rife in the coal region and rust belt in the american northeast and the spine of the appalachian mountains. clusters of racism appeared in areas of the gulf coast, michigan's upper peninsula, and ohio. searches for n****r are less frequent in regions west of texas. map based its results on google search data. a separate study found western countries are the most accepting of other cultures.
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather face each other at the mgm grand in las vegas on saturday. the welterweight boxers are in the final few days of their training camp ahead of their mega-fight. manny arrived in los angeles on monday night ahead of the bout. he has been training at trainer freddie roach's wild card gym and the mayweather boxing club. both gyms are open to the general public but mayweather trains at his own private facility.
judy murray, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'because my life is saturated with it' she tries anything from dancing, to pilates, to walking in the hills or gardening. the mother-of-two does the v-sit up to get a toned waist.
emir spahic has been released by bayer leverkusen after fight with security personnel. the defender was involved in a brawl after bayer's german cup defeat to bayern munich. the bosnian was furious that security personnel refused to let his friends into the players changing rooms. spahics was sacked with immediate effect after the incident.
robert lewandowski scored twice as bayern munich beat eintracht frankfurt 3-0 in bundesliga clash. pep guardiola's side maintained their lead at the top of the table. thomas muller added a third goal for bayern after 82 minutes.
a gronking to remember is a work of fan fiction about a woman's sexual infatuation with new england patriots player rob 'gronk' gronkowski. the unnamed couple claim a photo of them was used as the cover of the erotic e-book without their permission. the couple are suing the author, lacey noonan, as well as apple, amazon.com and others. the novella is about a housewife's obsession with gronk.
alexander meier is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury. eintracht frankfurt forward had scored 19 goals in the bundesliga this season. he will have surgery on his patellar tendon on tuesday. arjen robben and robert lewandowski are also out with injuries.
the riot erupted in february 2012 when supporters of home team al-masry and cairo's al-ahly clashed. an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death. the clashes sparked days of violent protests in cairo, which left 74 people dead. eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to egypt's supreme court. the riot was the deadliest ever seen in egypt, when fans clashed with security forces and police.
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in the fight of the century at the mgm grand in las vegas on saturday night. mayweather is the underdog against his filipino opponent . pacman is the happiest man in las vegas ahead of the fight. he is smiling, cracking jokes and taking selfies with fans and his trainer .
andrew chan, then aged 21, and myuran sukumaran, 24, were the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine. both men were convicted of drug smuggling in 2005 after being caught trying to smuggle eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia. they were both disillusioned by their jobs and believed they were stuck in dead-end jobs. the two men were attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches and lifestyle of the gang.    chan was a university drop-out and the son of chinese immigrants who lived with his parents while working in a mail room. the death penalty has never left the table for both men.
scientists at haverford college in pennsylvania say they have spotted x-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarf stars at the galaxy's centre. these are stars left behind after larger stars run out of fuel and die. but why there are so many of these stars remains a mystery. they are thought to be leaving a'mass grave' of white dwarfs near the centre of the milky way.
mrs clooney, 37, held a press conference in washington dc calling for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives mohamed nasheed. she is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed maldivian ex-president nasheed, who has been sentenced to 13 years in prison. the newlywed actress wore a navy blue pants suit paired with a plain white blouse. she was accompanied by laila ali, the wife of the jailed politician.
georgia davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in aberdare, south wales, by a crane. a number of roads had to be closed as firefighters worked to remove her from her specially-adapted flat. at the height of the operation, there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at the property. it is the second time ms davis has been removed from home after being removed from another property in 2012. she was once dubbed 'britain's fattest teenager' and weighed 30 stone.
morgan schneiderlin says southampton are refusing to give up on champions league aspirations. saints lost 2-1 at stoke in the britannia on saturday. saints missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed manchester city to two points. saints goalkeeper kelvin davis made a mistake to allow mame diouf to equalise. charlie adam scored the winner for stoke with six minutes to go.
morgan schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. southampton manager ronald koeman admits the midfielder may have played his last game for the club. the midfielder has been linked with a move to arsenal and tottenham this summer. koeman may have to consider selling nathaniel clyne if he does not sign a new contract.
liris crosse, 32, from baltimore, maryland, is a size 18 plus-size model. was a size 10 but received rejection after rejection due to her voluptuous shape. many told her to lose weight to succeed in the industry. she is now dubbed the body and the naomi campbell of plus. is breaking into the uk and starred in evans campaign.
former members of gloriavale have told of a culture of victim-blaming in the secretive christian community. police are investigating allegations of sexual abuse, violence and bullying at the new zealand settlement. a former member, miracle, said abuse victims were often blamed for their situations.    the community has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks following abuse allegations.
adrien broner is pictured with new york-based rapper 50 cent in an instagram snap. the pair were watching premier boxing champions at the barclay's center in brooklyn. broner called out danny garcia swift to fight him in september. 50 cent recently criticised broner for rejecting a contract offer from boxing promoter jay z.
arsenal face chelsea in the premier league on sunday. ray parlour believes petr cech would be a 'no brainer' for arsene wenger to sign this summer. the veteran keeper has made just four league starts for the blues this season. the former gunners midfielder believes arsenal should sell wojciech szczesny in order to sign cech.
west ham are top of the premier league fair play table, just above burnley. sam allardyce's side could qualify for european football via the fair play league next season. the hammers are out of contract at upton park in the summer. the manager says he would have no problem with qualifying via the 'back door'
andre schurrle and mario gotze attended a double date with their girlfriends montana yorke and ann-kathrin broemmel on sunday night. the pair were joined by their girlfriends for a night out after wolfsburg's 2-0 win against hamburg. on saturday the pair attended a charity ball to raise money for hamburg children's hospital.
zlatan ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called zlaaatan.com. the website is not affiliated with the paris saint-germain striker nor google. the search engine is identical to google and operates in the same style. users have the option to search for the sweden international on the website.
steve simonsen served a one-game ban after he placed bets on a total of 50 games in a year. the rangers goalkeeper admitted breaking the sfa's zero-tolerance gambling rules. the scottish football association appealed against the decision. but the appeal has been rejected by an appellate tribunal.  simonsen's legal team have confirmed he will not face a further suspension.
james holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder in the shooting that killed twelve people and wounded 70 in aurora, colorado on july 20, 2012. holmes allegedly opened fire on a crowded movie theater during a midnight showing of the dark knight rises. if convicted, holmes could be sentenced to death. on wednesday, police officers who rushed to the scene of the shooting testified that the scene smelled of blood, sweat, urine and feces.
west spruill has been charged with murdering ann charle, 36, on monday evening in the bronx . police say he sexually assaulted charle in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street . but he allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest. she was found dead a block away from project renewal shelter where she worked.   the mother-of-two lived in queens with her two daughters.
the company said at its annual build conference on wednesday that it will release new programming tools for software developers to rapidly adapt their apple and android apps to run on windows 10. move marks a shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company. microsoft also announced a new name for the web browser that it plans to offer with windows 10 .
lucian faggiano bought the building in lecce, puglia in the south of italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria. but his dream was put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked. he and his sons dug a trench to find a blocked sewage pipe to fix it. the search for the pipe led to the discovery of a messapian tomb, a roman granary, a franciscan chapel and etchings from the knights templar. eight years after it was meant to open as a restaurant, the building has been turned into a museum.
bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. it uses sensors to detect when the lid opens or dirt is swept close to it. the bin can be used to activate its integrated vacuum to suck up dust and debris. it comes with an integrated bag dispenser and can send alerts to a smartphone. the bruno can run for 30 days on a single charge and comes in five colours.
the american chemical society in washington explained the science behind the avengers in a video. it looks at the composition of iron man's suit, super-healing abilities and captain america’s shield. the video also explains the science of tony stark's arc reactor and his own nuclear power station.
some owners of the apple watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists. some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings. tests suggest tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most. apple has yet to comment on the problem.
all three planets in the system orbit the star, hd 7924, at a distance closer than mercury orbits the sun. they have masses 7-8 times the mass of earth and orbits of 24 days. discovery shows the capabilities of the automated planet finder in california. it is hoped to help in the search for earth-like planets in other solar systems.
david beckham's 40th birthday is on saturday, 2 may and reports state he is to hold his celebrations at the five-star luxury amanjena resort, just outside marrakech. tom cruise, guy ritchie, gordon ramsay and best friend dave gardner are set to attend the bash. the star's guests have only been told to keep the day free. victoria and david renewed their vows there during a romantic getaway in 2004.
image shows one of saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km) named hyperion. it is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular. it has a very low density for its size and is made up of water ice with only a small amount of rock. the moon's porous surface was captured by cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite. during the flyby it unleashed a burst of charged particles towards the spacecraft.
fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat from london heathrow. one man decided to move seats because the plane was not full. a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out. one passenger allegedly attacked another passenger with a shoe. after landing at muscat, one man was taken away for questioning by police.
the fa is prepared to give away title sponsorship of the fa cup to emirates airlines. sky pundit thierry henry paid for his own private jet to the recent sunderland vs newcastle derby. fa chairman greg dyke’s england commission is focusing on coaches and facilities.
entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre and there will be three routes through the site. certified guides and guards will be employed and security cameras installed. since 2011, the average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by peru and unesco.
adidas go uses the phone's accelerometer to track the user's stride and matches music to suit. songs are selected based on runner's musical interests and listening history. free app is available for ios only via the apple app store. users can also create their own running playlists.
james whitaker's brief reign as the ecb's head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is appointed. sam allardyce's future as west ham manager is in doubt at the same time. fa cup is set to be rebranded as the emirates fa cup in a new £30million sponsorship deal.
ian bell and joe root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket on day one of the first test in antigua. ben stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as england reached 341 for five. england's top three are very one-paced and are exposed against better teams. jonathan trott and gary ballance were dismissed on the first morning of the test.
torin lakeman, 19, and brother jacques, 20, died in a pub in manchester after consuming lethal dose of ecstasy. the astrophysics students were found dead in a hotel room after watching manchester united game. torin bought the drug from anonymous dealer via the 'dark web'   coroner alan walsh said he was concerned at ease with which the boys bought the drugs and will write to home secretary over deaths.
tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club. spurs sold gareth bale for a world-record £85million in 2013. levy wants to buy young players priced between £10-15million with good resale value. tottenham's best chance of playing in the champions league came when luka modric played for them.
everything that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone. joe herbert explains that testosterone is at the heart of human life. having sex increases testosterone levels, as does watching porn and supporting a winning team. testosterone is also important for sexual behaviour in women, but as a metaphor for masculinity.
mark vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with british airways and he wants the reader to understand his passion for his job. the book is timely since germanwings flight 9525 andreas lubitz's death. he writes about the nuts and bolts of flying long-haul planes.
idc said samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share. apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2 million iphones. but samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger phones.
anderson silva met with brazilian taekwondo officials and will compete for a spot in the 2016 olympics team. the former ufc champion said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career. silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test.
eden hazard and nathan ake take part in audi's football challenge with blues' team-mates loic remy and willian. the players take on loic andwillian in a head-to-head challenge for the car manufacturers. hazard and ake win 6-0 in the first two rounds of the challenge.
peter schmeichel and oliver kahn star in tipico's latest advert. the two goalkeepers renew their rivalry in a top trump style competition. the duo starred together in manchester united's champions league final win over bayern munich in 1999.   the duo were widely regarded as the two best goalkeepers of their generation.
john barnes and jamie redknapp rap on sky's upcoming series of a league of their own. the pair performed a rendition of the sugarhill gang classic rapper's delight for spoof sketch britain's got talent. barnes was joined halfway through by former liverpool team-mate redknapp. the duo played together at liverpool for six years between 1991 and 1997.
robbie keane sings karma chameleon in a video posted on boy george & the culture club's facebook page. the la galaxy striker is sidelined by a groin injury. keane was in the crowd as la galaxy beat seattle sounders 1-0 on sunday.
the usa freedom act would end the national security agency's collection of domestic phone records. senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, a republican, is trying to reauthorize the patriot act without changes. the measure faces an uncertain future in the senate. the bill was passed by a 25-2 vote by the house judiciary committee.
angelika graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of her 46-year-old fiance vincent viafore. she was kayaking with him on the hudson river april 19 when his kayak capsized. initially, police believed she tried to help her fiance and fell into the water. she called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak. prosecutors allege that she intentionally caused viafore's death - but they wouldn't say how. last monday, she asked friends on facebook to keep praying for her partner's safe return.
eugenie bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by lauren davis at the family circle cup in charleston on wednesday. the top seed was beaten for the fourth time in six matches. davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match against the world no 7.
fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. the remains, which were discovered in panama, indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution. the fossils were found at a sea cliff along the caribbean coast of panama. the find will help experts fill in gaps in the evolution of cetaceans.
the messenger spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on thursday 30 april after a four-year mission. nasa has released an image taken by the probe's visual and infrared spectrometer. it reveals distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters. messenger will pass behind mercury, and hidden from earth, after a final orbit.
sam burgess has been selected in the back row for bath against newcastle at kingston park on friday. the former rugby league star has played mainly at centre for bath since converting to union. bath were knocked out of the european champions cup by leinster in dublin. burgess was called into the england squad for the rbs 6 nations.
jimmy anderson is playing in his 100th test match for england this week in antigua. the 32-year-old bowler is on the verge of becoming england's leading wicket-taker in tests. anderson knows his own mind and knows what he wants to do. he needs to be in test cricket as long as possible and will be vital in the ashes.
chelsea and premier league furious with bbc for allowing premier league trophy to be displayed at stamford bridge. jose mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating crystal palace. leicester tigers are being provocative with their rugby world cup planning. yorkshire, bankrolled by colin graves, are allowing sky cameras access to all areas for the season.
bath fly half george ford scored only try of the game in the first-half to put bath 15-5 up at half-time. ian madigan kicked six penalties for the west country outfit. anthony watson was sent to the sin-bin after 10 minutes for a tackle on rob kearney. but bath came back in the second half to draw level with leinster.
the study says animals are most at risk in south america, australia, and new zealand. scientists from the university of connecticut warned that one in six species of animals are at risk of extinction. if future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels, the extinction risk could increase to 16 per cent. marine animals near north america,. antarctica and new zealand are most likely to die out.
instagram users try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji hashtag no posts appear - even if there are posts tagged with it. it is believed to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia. the emoji could be tagged onto images that contain nudity. but searches for emojis such as the gun and needle and syringe are allowed on the app.
some 1,200 people were stranded on the east grinstead to victoria train for up to five hours. 321 trains were delayed for a total of more than 600 hours after power failure at clapham junction station. at least 338 cancellations and 138 part cancellations were made across the network. british transport police officers began evacuating passengers to waiting buses at 10am.
zac efron, 27, is starring in new film, bad grandpa. he's one of the few child stars to have grown into a hot adult. femail looks at the other child stars who have grown up as adults. ed furlong, joseph gordon-levitt and drew barrymore are on the list.
bath beat newcastle 29-19 at kingston park in the aviva premiership. sam burgess made his first start for bath in the back row at number six. george ford kicked 15 points for bath at fly half. ollie devoto and semesa rokoduguni scored tries for bath. matt banahan and anthony watson scored bath's other tries.
nancy perry will no longer teach students at dublin middle school and will retire at the end of the year. perry is alleged to have told students that obama is a muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be christian. a 12-year-old boy in perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, jimmie scott, who complained to the school. scott said he requested a parent-teacher conference, but nancy brought along her husband bill, who sits on the board of education.
the scientists say the experiment that what some people believe to be a ghostly presence is just a trick of the brain. artificial 'ghosts' have been conjured up by scientists in an experiment at the swiss federal institute of technology. by having signals mixed up in their brains, volunteers were made to feel that a creepy 'presence' was behind them.
perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria said women should never say no to their husbands - even on the back of a camel. claims a wife can only refuse sex if she is menstruating, sick or giving birth. claims marital rape is'made up' by europeans - and muslims should not follow. his comments have horrified many in his home country of malaysia, where 3,000 women a year are raped.
laura robson shared a picture on instagram of her at tortuga festival with two friends. the 21-year-old is said to be nearing a return and is targeting the french open in may. her last appearance came in the 2014 australian open first round. she has not played since due to a left wrist problem.
james corden posted a picture alongside odell beckham jnr and david beckham via twitter. the comedian was in america filming late late show late late in the states. corden is currently filming a late-night talk show in the us.    david beckham embarrassed his son brooklyn on corden's show last month after revealing his first date.
sarah jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she received a letter from the irs informing her that she had 'died'    three months later she still hasn't received her tax refund, one of her credit cards was cancelled and her driver's license now lists her as deceased. jewell's local social security office told her that in november 2014 someone had filed her social security number as deceased . she said they implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of'
pupils from lostwithiel school in cornwall were due to visit mosque in exeter, devon, as part of re trip. but 10 pulled out after parents expressed fears of 'violence and guns' and 'grave concerns' about the teaching of islam. one mother said she 'doesn't want to put her son at risk of being shot' at the mosque. nearly 100 primary pupils from the school due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque next week.
video recordings from loved ones are shown to residents of a care home in riverdale, new york. hope is that the videos will ease confusion, forgetfulness and agitation. idea is borrowed from the adam sandler film 50 first dates, starring drew barrymore. residents at hebrew care home are woken up each morning with a video recording from a loved one.
frank lampard has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for manchester city on loan this season. the 36-year-old will join parent club new york city in july after signing a two-year deal. lampard was pictured walking down king's road with fiancee christine bleakley. adrian heath believes lampard and steven gerrard are set for culture shocks when they move to la galaxy.
manny pacquiao wrote and recorded lalaban ako para sa filipino for his walk-out music when he fights floyd mayweather. us talk show host jimmy kimmel has performed it on his live show next week. the boxer was amused by the spoof of his song and thanked the comedian.
quinton 'rampage' jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator. he takes on fabio maldonado at ufc 186 in montreal on saturday night. former light-heavyweight champion has been through a stressful fight to make ufc comeback.
greek researchers created the algorithm, which determines a person’s state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their face - especially the forehead and nose. researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking alcohol. they used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel. temperature of the forehead is the best indication of a person's drunken state and could be used to recognise intoxication with 90% accuracy. the technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition.
how old do i look allows people to analyse any image found on bing or upload their own. allows users to search for celebrities - and see what microsoft thinks their real ages are. wrongly thought helen mirren, 69, was 55, and president obama is 53.
jeff bezos' blue origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west texas. the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space -    it was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space. the booster failed to land successfully but the capsule landed without a hitch.
former leeds captain trevor cherry wants the six players to be sacked by the club. mirco antenucci, giuseppe bellusci, dario del fabro, marco silvestri, souleymane doukara and edgar cani all withdrew at short notice. neil redfearn's side lost 2-1 to charlton at the valley on saturday.
image suggests the pillars of creation only have three million years left before they fade away. previously unseen jet from a young star was found in one of the pillars. the pillars are located 7000 light-years away in the eagle nebula, messier 16. the image was taken by the european space agency's muse instrument.
stuart broad has taken 63 wickets in the last 14 tests for england. but people have a downer on broad the batsman. broad appears to have lost all confidence in his batting and is scared of short balls. broad needs to remind himself he can bat and keep the ball in the nets.
leeds united striker steve morison admits he is surprised by the chaos at elland road. six players withdrew from the squad ahead of the charlton game on saturday. trevor cherry has called for the players to be sacked by the club.    the former leeds captain says he has 'never known anything like it' in football.
collection of pictures of christina o'gorman posing for her father, electrical engineer and photographer mervyn o' gorman, back in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest surviving colour photographs. the images were taken on the beach at lulworth cove, dorset, when malcolm was 42. they are on display at the national media museum, bradford, and are among the world's oldest surviving photographs.
alex mowatt has impressed this season scoring nine goals for leeds united. the 20-year-old has attracted interest from several premier league clubs. hull city manager steve bruce is keen to sign the midfielder this summer. hull sent scout john rudge to check on the midfielder at leeds on monday.
mirco antenucci, giuseppe bellusci, dario del fabro, marco silvestri, edgar cani and souleymane doukara among six leeds players to withdraw from squad to face charlton. head coach neil redfearn was not aware of the players' injuries. five of the sextet were signed by massimo cellino.
author martin fletcher points the finger at the late stafford heginbotham, bradford city's chairman at the time.   he had been linked to eight other fires at business premises and insurance claims dating back to 1967. the 30th anniversary of the disaster is approaching since the fire that killed 56 people at the football stadium in 1985.
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain. greg stewart opened the scoring for the hosts at den park. it was dundee's first win in a derby for more than 10 years. jake mcpake and paul heffernan also scored for the dark blues.
the film will be based in london, with some scenes in the south of france, or in the bahamas if budget allows. jennifer saunders wrote and starred in the series and confirmed cast will begin filming in autumn. joanna lumley, who plays patsy, told her to 'do it before we die' to finish the script.
tfl confirms that the posters are being removed from the london underground. poster features bikini-clad model renee somerfield and the slogan 'are you beach body ready'   more than 50,000 people have signed a change.org petition calling for the adverts to be removed. protein world have defended the campaign, saying it is 'not meant to offend'  the posters have caused a huge backlash on social media.
the fa cup is set to be rebranded the emirates fa cup in a three-year sponsorship deal. the 144-year-old competition is the oldest knockout football competition in the world. the deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year to the fa. arsenal won last season's fa cup competition.
lindsay sandiford, 58, from cheltenham, believes she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs. she was sentenced to death in bali for smuggling five kilograms of cocaine. andrew chan, 31, and myuran sukumaran, 33, were executed by firing squad. sandifords said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with'    she had befriended chan in prison and said he helped her cope after she was put on death row two years ago.
airline emirates are set to seal a deal with the fa cup to rebranded the tournament as the emirate fa cup. the deal is worth £30million and will add to the famous brand's growing portfolio of sponsorship deals. emirated airline signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in english football history with arsenal in 2004. ac milan, hamburg, psg and the new york cosmos have all signed deals with the airline.
michael bisping takes on cb dollaway in montreal on saturday night. the manchester middleweight has not fought in the uk in five years. he is open to fighting again in glasgow this july, five years after his last fight in the country. bisped is bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career.
andrei arshavin and anatoly tymoshchuk's contracts at russian league leaders zenit st petersburg expire at the end of the season. the former arsenal forward and ukraine midfielder is set to leave the club. andre villas-boas says the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair.
chad hurst of salt lake city, utah, spoke to a young man about his foul language during their flight from denver, colorado on sunday. the young man then sucker punched hurst in the stomach. hurst, a former corrections officer, then grabbed the man and took him down until police arrived. the man was charged with assault and public intoxication.
carl frampton has been offered £1.5m to fight scott quigg in manchester on july 18. talks between the super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill. quigg's promoter eddie hearn presented the cheque to frampton's camp. frampton and quigg want to fight at the echo arena in man chester.
fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto says he is still considering a move to premier league leaders chelsea this summer. the japan international wants to join a club where he can 'play and develop'   muto scored the winner against shonan bellmare last week. club president naoki ogane claims chelsea have made an offer for muto.
charlie austin is yet to receive an international call-up for roy hodgson's england squad. the qpr striker has scored 17 premier league goals this season. daniel sturridge and danny welbeck are ahead of austin in the pecking order. grant holt and harry kane are also in the squad.
fewer than one in three have heard of campylobacter germs and many are unaware of hygiene measures. research for trade magazine the grocer found just 32 per cent of uk consumers have. heard of the uk's biggest cause of food poisoning. more than 70% of britons correctly identified chicken as the main source of poisoning.
a high-level ministerial briefing reveals 11 australians could face the death penalty in china for drug smuggling. peter gardner's case has been brought forward by six months.    chinese authorities have said that eleven australian citizens were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in guangzhou alone in 2014. the exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted.
aliesha peterson, 22, from alberta, canada, first started exercising in august 2013 to help her deal with her depression. she went from 145lbs to 127lbs and gained a six-pack in 20 months. aliesha says she started working out three times a week and changing her eating habits to lose weight and gain muscle.
lil' chris, real name chris hardman, died on march 23 after a long battle with depression. 24-year-old pop star was found hanged at his home in lowestoft by a friend, inquest told. mr hardman's family said he was 'a huge personality' and was 'determined to find a cure for depression. suffolk coroner peter dean told inquest into his death that a friend found his body hanged at home.
the video was captured by mohammed mohsen in saudi arabia and shows the orange cloud sweeping across the road. last week sandstorms caused havoc in the arabian peninsula with flights being cancelled and schools closed. the storm spread across the peninsula and caused a number of car crashes and respiratory problems.
britain's got talent judge, 44, appears on cover of june issue of good housekeeping. mother-of-two talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences. she nearly died after giving birth to a stillborn baby and lost blood after having another child. she was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and turned to therapy.
alastair cook and jonathan trott should both play all three tests against west indies. cook and trott were both dismissed for just four runs on day three of the first test. both batsmen have phenomenal test records and should be dropped. cook is mentally one of the strongest cricketers england have ever produced.
khloe kardashian posted 'pray for baltimore' to instagram on monday night as protests turned to riots. 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of criticism saying she is 'damned if i do. damned if i don't'   the reality tv star deleted the instagram post on wednesday night after more than 400,000 followers liked it.
michelle filkins, 44, of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property. she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17. filkins was arrested after she was found sitting in his living room.
jimmy anderson took a record 384th test wicket for england against the west indies on friday night. sir ian botham broke the record for the most wicket-takers in england test history. botham and anderson are contrasting personalities and have different characters. the former england cricketer has always been larger than life and showed huge self-belief as a player.
the 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight' according to a source close to the network. he was suspended in february with no pay for six months after it emerged he lied about being on a military helicopter hit by an rpg over iraq.
jordan spieth won the 2015 masters title at augusta on sunday. the 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the masters. tiger woods was the first american to win the masters in 1997 at the age of 21. spieth became the fourth youngest masters champion in pga history. he finished second to bubba watson at last year's tournament.
olympic champion alistair brownlee won on his world triathlon series return in cape town after tripping during the run leg. the 27-year-old missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury. great britain's vicky holland won the women's race on saturday.
manchester united boss louis van gaal is in the running for manager of the year. the dutchman has taken united back to the top four of the premier league this season.    some english football 'experts' were laying into him after early-season defeats to mk dons and leicester. but he has worked with and improved individual players like ashley young and marouane fellaini.
manchester united midfielder angel di maria has a new no 7 tattoo on his left arm. the 27-year-old joined manchester united for £60million from real madrid last summer. the midfielder has been linked with a move away from old trafford. the former real mad madrid star also wears the no 7 shirt for argentina too.
dulwich picture gallery challenged public to'spot the fake' at the beginning of february. only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited the gallery guessed correctly. only jean-honoré fragonard's 18th-century work young woman was replaced by a replica. replica was produced in china and ordered over the internet for £70. visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 old master paintings at the dulwich gallery. chief curator, xavier bray, said visitor numbers quadrupled after the experiment.
mauro vilhete scored twice as barnet defeated gateshead 2-0 in the conference clash. barnet clinched promotion back to the football league after a two-year absence. martin allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
martin allen's barnet beat gateshead to win the conference title. barnet will return to the football league after a two-year absence. mauro vilhete scored a brace as barnet secured promotion to league two. the team will celebrate their promotion with a trip to benidorm on wednesday.
zenit st petersburg striker hulk dressed up as the superhero at the premiere of the avengers: age of ultron movie. the 28-year-old recently signed a new long-term deal at the russian club until the end of the 2018-19 season. hulk acquired his nickname due to his likeness to actor lou ferrigno. the striker has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for zenit in all competitions.
demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight title with a win over kyoji horiguchi in montreal. the american tapped out his opponent with a second left in the fifth round. quinton 'rampage' jackson beat fabio maldonado for his first ufc win since 2011.
diddy and mark wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on the floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao mega-fight. the rapper and producer placed the wager with hollywood actor and friend. adrien broner has also revealed he will be putting down $10,000 for the bout. mayweather faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on saturday.
ricky hatton wants 'the old city back' at manchester city. noel gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the champions league among the fans. louis van gaal should be crowned manager of the year at the club. manuel pellegrini was the right man at the right time for city but he is not a great manager. city need to make big signings and drag the fans towards greatness.
toni duggan says free-scoring england will not fear anyone at the world cup finals. the manchester city striker has scored 11 goals in 16 games for her country. england have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous world cup appearances. duggan recovered from a serious knee injury earlier in the year. the 23-year-old scored 10 times in a world cup qualification campaign.
leicester city striker jamie vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance against west brom on saturday. vardy was being criticised two years ago at leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team. vardy scored the late winner to keep leicester's survival hopes alive at the hawthorns. credit must go to nigel pearson and his staff who supported vardy through a tough time.
tottenham hotspur currently sit sixth in the barclays premier league. christian eriksen says tottenham will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on qualifying for the europa league. the midfielder says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives. spurs have been linked with florian thauvin and andriy yarmolenko.
paris saint-germain are weighing up a £15million move for dinamo kiev winger andriy yarmolenko. the french giants have been warned off manchester united's angel di maria. the 25-year-old has scored five goals in 10 games for kiev this season. psg are also interested in signing juventus midfielder paul pogba.
alastair cook has been working on a new stance with former england batting coach graham gooch. but he appears to have overdid it against the west indies in the first test. cook moved his front foot too far against the indies. cook has never been a brilliant front-foot player.
tiger woods finished in the top 20 at the masters at augusta national but he did not challenge runaway winner jordan spieth. woods was playing with playing partner rory mcilroy for the final day. the world no 1 finished on six under par after a slow start to the tournament. woods did not manage to challenge spieth and finished in second place.
tottenham are tracking kiev forward andriy yarmolenko. mauricio pochettino's scouts are already working behind the scenes on summer targets. tottenham are eyeing a move for the forward. paris saint-germain are also watching the ukrainian star. everton's kevin mirallas is also on the white hart lane club's radar.
manchester united fear daniel levy will play hardball if they pursue a move for hugo lloris. spurs are determined to keep the keeper at white hart lane and will put a £35million price tag on his head. levy is known to be one of the toughest negotiators in europe. gianluigi buffon is the world's most expensive keeper at £32.6million.
monaco face juventus in the champions league quarter-final second leg at stade louis ii on wednesday. leonardo jardim's side are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg in turin. dimitar berbatov is convinced monaco can reach champions league semi-final. the bulgarian striker believes the french club should not have lost to juventus.
15-month-old girl emulates the way her pregnant mother walks in a 15-second clip. american teri o'neil, 30, recorded the video when she was six months pregnant. the youngster pulls a cheeky face and pushes out her belly in the video. her father also mimics the pregnant mother's walk in the background.
osman yaya from bennett middle school in salisbury, maryland, was moderating a town hall event when the president started getting a little long-winded. obama was answering a question about how to avoid writer's block . the president was at the anacostia library in washington for a 'virtual field trip' with students.
mazzy, who suffers from spina bifida, was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday. mazzy was moved to tears and received a birthday cake made from toilet paper and a princess crown made from pretzels.
tottenham have held further talks with marseille over a potential deal for florian thauvin. the 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with metz. andre ayew and andre-pierre gignac could be sold to other clubs.
taxi driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in boston, america. he was singing along to the opera song word perfectly in tune and word perfectly to the song. the driver was then filmed by his passengers as they praised him for his performance.
dramatic incident took place in olani village, four kilometres from manpur, in central india. the ward beat the leopard twice on the head with his stick before it ran off. he was left on the ground and unable to move but continued to fend off the animal with the weapon.
baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the skill a few weeks ago. the five-month-old pup was professionally trained at the hillcountry k9 school. the video has been viewed more than 16,400,000 times. baron puts down both the toilet seat and flushes before running out.
bailey murrill, of denton in texas, had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital. her favorite nurse came to see her and she decided to surprise her by getting up out of her wheelchair and walking to her. the child had been walking earlier that day after being paralysed. the nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as she hugged and hugged her patient. bailey had been in hospital after being inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days. the cause of her paralysis is not known.
the video was created by the make it fair project to highlight gender inequality in hollywood and government and fortune 500 companies. only 93 per cent of films are directed by men and only 80 per cent are written by men, according to the video. the women also point out that men make up only 88% of congress, 80% of governors and 95% of fortune 500 ceos.
liam sandham, of fleetwood, films his unsuspecting friend in a van with a magnifying glass. the video has gone viral after receiving over one million views. the plasterer films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror. he then films his friend who looks at his phone while sitting in the passenger seat. liam's work friend reacts in shock and unleashes an explicit tirade.
mysterious video shows a mysterious creature biting through a steel cage with a bleeding mouth. it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china's sand bay. the video has been the subject of heated online debates over the species of the creature. some users claim it is a mythical 'water monster' and others that it's a malaysian bear.
the video was created by pandora to celebrate mother's day and the special bond between mother and child. six children were blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women. the children were asked to recognise their mother by touch and scent. the video has so far been viewed 2.8 million times.
pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting child's health at risk, scientists claim. say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk - which could affect infant brain growth and intelligence. organic milk industry has issued a swift rebuttal, saying research is out of date.
puppy shibu inu was filmed at an american kennel club centre conversing with a young husky dog. the two dogs were filmed yapping, whining and barking at one another. the video was captured by passers-by at the american kennel centre centre.
a snowboarder in japan is seen using a selfie stick to film himself on the slopes. the man is decked out in purple and holding a matching selfie stick. but the empty chairlift appears out of nowhere and clatters the man over the head. he falls to the ground while still filming himself while still using the camera.
harley jolly, tyson barr and nic roy videoed themselves descending dunedin’s baldwin street on tricycles. the three men are known collectively as slide christchurch. the group travelled down the world's steepest residential road with a 35% gradient. baldwin road is 350 metres long and has a 35 per cent gradient. jolly estimates the group managed to hit speeds of over 60mph.
tanguy pepiot was a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon. he beat rival meron simon at a track meet in eugene, oregon, on saturday. but he slowed down to celebrate his victory and was overtaken by his rival. pepiots raised his hands to excite the crowd, but missed out by a tenth of a second.
saskia, 17, aced the 'arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent. her boyfriend made her take the exam to save their relationship. saskia correctly identified the arsenal away strip but didn't recall the score of the 2014 fa cup final.
sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch. footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up. he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn.
michael bisping beat cb dollaway on points at ufc 186 in montreal on saturday. the manchester middleweight beat the american by unanimous points decision . dollaway was floored in the first round by a left hook and was taken to the ground. bispin admitted he had expected an easier fight after the win.
carol bennett-chevereau from quebec, canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. but footage shows him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free.
the footage was captured at a birthday party in china's sichuan province. the woman holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them up and down with her legs. the incredible showing of strength was videoed at a party in the province. four people attach themselves to the wood and the plank is lifted onto the woman's feet.
mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch on thursday. second-placed arsenal host table toppers chelsea in the premier league on sunday. ozil compared his watch to tv character michael knight in the hit action show knight rider. jack wilshere is expected to start for arsene wenger's side at the emirates stadium.
chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united worth £80,000-a-week. the 25-year-old had been linked with a move to arsenal earlier this season. the england centre-back has made 147 appearances for united and won two premier league titles. louis van gaal's side face everton at the etihad on saturday.
ufc light-heavyweight jon jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman. the 27-year-old is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with the incident. police found marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in his car, according to reports. the pregnant woman was taken to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries'   if jones was found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.
pele and franz beckenbauer turned the empire state building green to celebrate the start of the new season. the pair played for new york cosmos together in the 1970s, before the club went bankrupt. the duo were reunited on friday to light up the top of the building.
hashim amla has signed a short-term contract to play five matches for derbyshire. the south africa test captain will play three natwest t20 blast matches and two county championship matches. amla will replace martin guptill, who has been called up for the test series against england.
baron the german shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california. baron the dog was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school. the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times.
about 30 capsule homes live in a parking lot in seattle's sodo, washington state. each vehicle is a capsule home and is a home for one of the men in the community. bud dodson, 57, is a maintenance man who watches over the parking lot and lives in his car.
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach after four years in the role. the 48-year-old former test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011. donald is a former cricketer.
mo farah will race over 1500 metres at the sainsbury's birmingham grand prix in june. it will be the first time he's competed in 1,500m since 2013. the double olympic champion will step down in distance for diamond league event. farah and greg rutherford will compete at the anniversary games at the olympics stadium.
researchers at the university of washington studied the telerobot raven ii. they found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to. this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working. experts were able to take control of a robot by exploiting a simple programming trick .
no one likes being rejected and in each and every case there’s nothing we can do about it. jia jiang spent 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected. he spent the book on his own rejection-proofing quest.
2.0 tfsi s line quattro roadster goes from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds. fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it to 62mph in under 10 seconds. audi tt roadster costs £54,000.
cui hongfang, 73, died after she was knocked over by the 38-year-old canadian tourist at the great wall of china. police ruled the death an accident after she struck her head and lost consciousness. the victim's family filed a civil lawsuit against the tourist, debra fortin. the canadian has agreed to pay more than £60,000 in compensation to the family.
martyn waghorn was one of three players sent off - two for wigan athletic and one for millwall. ed upson and jason pearson were also sent off in the sky bet championship clash. jimmy abdou and magaye gueye scored for the hosts in the second half.
benik afobe scored the only goal of the game in the 25th minute at the dw stadium. wigan's james mcclean was sent off for a second bookable offence in jury time. the latics are now on the brink of relegation after the defeat.
sarah weatherill, 31, was addicted to red bull and spent £5,460 every year on the energy drink. she was drinking 24 cans a day and was drinking 1.92g of caffeine every day. became lethargic, depressed, had heart palpitations and was constantly anxious . she claims she was cured of her addiction in one 50 minutes hypnotherapy session.
michael essien's £75,000 range rover vogue stolen from driveway of his home in cobham, surrey. the former chelsea midfielder left for ac milan in january 2014 after eight seasons at stamford bridge. two other vehicles, a mercedes and a bmw, were also stolen from a neighbour's home.
arsenal boss arsene wenger is looking to add to his squad for the 2015-16 premier league season. petr cech, bernd leno, aymen abdennour and hector moreno are all targets for the club. thierry henry believes arsenal need to sign four new players this summer.
ufc light heavyweight champion jon jones ran from the scene of a hit-and-run accident in albuquerque, new mexico. a pregnant woman was hospitalised after being hit by a car . police were seeking an arrest warrant for jones on monday, saying he would likely face a felony charge. jones handed himself in later the same day and was being held at a detention center.
close-ups of suge knight show he had virtually no facial injuries after he was arrested for killing terry carter and trying to kill cle 'bone' sloan in compton. the rap mogul is accused of murdering carter, 55, and attempting to kill sloan, 45, in january. he has pleaded not guilty to murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run charges.
carlo ancelotti will not rush into a decision on javier hernandez. the striker on loan from manchester united has scored four goals in four for real madrid. the mexico international is on a season-long loan from old trafford. carlo will make a final decision on the striker once the season is over.
javier hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for real madrid. the manchester united striker is currently on loan at the spanish club. carlo ancelotti has 48 hours to make a decision on his future. madrid have a first option to buy the 26-year-old from friday. the striker has one year left on contract at old trafford.
petrra wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son, noah, nine. she set up her own business, the west brewery, in 2006. was inspired to start her own brewery when her father visited her and she realised that the city didn't have its own brewery. she started the company with her husband when noah was just three months old. the west brewing company opened in march 2006, eight months after petra's son was born.
randy boehning, 52-year-old republican lawmaker from north dakota, has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights. on monday, he was outed as a user of gay hook-up app grindr. he sent a photo of his penis to dustin smith, 21, a gay man who recognized him and took his story to the press. boehning claims he was blackmailed by a fellow lawmaker to vote against a gay rights bill. he claims he's also been exposed as part of a smear campaign by a rival.
tony mccoy will race at sandown park on saturday before he retires after a successful career. ap mccoy will host a party at home on sunday for family and friends. the jockey has 4,357 winning memories to his name. he is currently leading the jump jockey's championship by a huge margin.
the rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder. knight's attorney said he believes boxer floyd mayweather will bail the 48-year-old out when he wins on saturday. knight was wheeled out of court in a wheelchair after the hearing.
michael and rosalia juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to bergen county prosecutor john l. molinelli. a motive for the apparent murder-suicide on sunday night has not yet been determined. a relative discovered the bodies on monday morning. michael is one of the oldest people ever to be accused of homicide.
former super middleweight champion nigel benn joined in a playful pads session with ricky hatton at his manchester gym. the 51-year-old was back in the ring on his return to the ring. benn is currently a charity worker and lives in australia. hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train benn's son conor.
codebreaker and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox bought cournswood house in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943. the current owner, sharon constancon, is related to the leon family who once owned bletchley park.    the house is in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of north dean, buckinghamshire.
blaine boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to three separate dui crashes in houston. police say he ran a red light and killed 6-year-old joshua medrano, his mother cynthia medrano and a homeless man sunday evening. the man also killed a vagrant man, 61, and injured a woman and a toddler in separate crashes. boud reaux has a history of duis in louisiana and has multiple outstanding warrants for his arrest.
codpieces used in bbc drama wolf hall were too small and should have been double the size, says expert. it is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the adaptation of hilary mantel's books. mark rylance blamed the diminutive codpieces on a 'directive from producers'   the codpieces were said to have been toned down so as not to offend american audience.
micah richards' contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season. the defender is on loan at italian side fiorentina. richards has delayed his summer holidays until he knows where he'll be playing next season. he is set on a return to the premier league. aston villa, southampton, everton and west ham are interested in signing him.
nicholas tooth, 25, was playing for the quirindi lions when he hit his head on an opponent's shoulder during a rugby union match on saturday. he was airlifted to newcastle's john hunter hospital in a critical condition but died late on sunday. mr tooth was visiting his hometown in the new england region of nsw for the weekend. the young man was remembered as a 'highly regarded' rugby player.
paige vanzant takes on felice herrig in new jersey on saturday night. the strawweight stars had to be separated after getting too close during the weigh-in. vanzants and herrig face off in the octagon at the prudential center. at 21-years-old, vanzent is the youngest-ever champion of the ufc.
mel greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events. the former 2day fm co-host asked the media to learn from the royal prank call tragedy. greig shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the duchess of cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call. jacintha saldana committed suicide two days after the prank call and blamed the radio hosts. the 33-year-old has been hounded for a comment on the expected birth of the second royal baby. she said there was no need for a fresh angle on the
paige vanzant dominated felice herrig in her second fight in the ufc. the 21-year-old won by lop-sided scores of 30-26, 30- 26 and 30-27. it was just her second victory in the women's strawweight division. vanzent has only fought six times as a professional.
andy carroll is currently in dubai with a hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee billi mucklow. the west ham striker is stepping up his recovery from knee surgery. carroll will not have a summer break over the summer as he continues his recovery. the 26-year-old had to have surgery after injuring his knee ligament in february.
jose mourinho has come under fire for chelsea's lack of possession in 1-0 win over manchester united. the premier league champions won the game with only 17% possession . louis van gaal's side had 70 per cent possession at stamford bridge on saturday. but jose's side are getting the job done without possession of the football.
manchester united boss louis van gaal is starting to assert himself at the club. more than 70 per cent of fans believe manchester united will win the title next season. sir alex ferguson underachieved in europe and has only won the champions league with united. united need a new keeper, a new right back and a new central defender.
martin odegaard joined real madrid for £2.3million in january signing a long-term contract. the 16-year-old was dropped from the castilla side earlier this month. the norwegian midfielder was pictured with former brazil international ronaldo at the real mad madrid training ground. zinedine zidane's side face atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday.
david raven scored the winner for inverness in the scottish cup semi-final. celtic wrote to the sfa crying about a penalty they weren't awarded against invernesses. c celtic need to bring down a peg or two of their arrogance. the game north of the border must do more to attract supporters to matches.
dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher brent stapelkamp in hwange national park, zimbabwe. the lioness had been chasing the giraffe with her pride but the other lionesses were distracted by a passing warthog. the determined lioness eventually managed to bring down the towering animal. she had precious cubs to feed as she chased the animal.
standard issue chevrolet express police transport van does not have a bolt sticking out of the back door. baltimore police department said that freddie gray's injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt in the van. but official diagrams of the vehicle show no bolts sticking out from the door. a chev chevrolet spokesman told daily mail online that police departments are known to customise their vehicles.
pedro obiang started out at atletico madrid and is available for around £6million. the 23-year-old has been capped at youth level by spain. obiang has been linked with a move to the premier league this summer. stoke city chief executive tony scholes was in the stands at sampdoria on wednesday.
labourer noeleen foster was on a work break when she spotted a phallic shaped cloud above zuccoli, 25km southeast of darwin. the mother of-four said she couldn't believe her eyes when she captured the formation. the phallic cloud was captured by a nature photographer on friday morning.
comical adverts from newspapers and magazines of the latter half of the 20th century show the machismo of the era. many of the men in the ads are sporting thick moustaches and wearing tight-fitting clothes. the adverts were often placed in national newspapers or glossy magazines.
violent protesters in baltimore, maryland injured several police officers on monday night. at least one officer was pictured throwing a rock back at protesters. fifteen police officers were injured in the clashes with protesters, two of whom were in a serious condition. the rioters were rioting over the death of freddie gray, who died on april 19.
marlon samuels grafted his way to 103 against england in the second test. phil simmons is trying to create a culture of discipline and discipline in west indies. test cricket is not an easy game and there is no easy option.    the seven days of test cricket have satisfied those who prefer instant gratification.
conor mcgregor said he could 'kill' manny pacquiao in 30 seconds. floyd mayweather dismissed the ufc fighter and said he is just trying to get publicity for his fight. mayweather is preparing to face mannypacquiao on july 11.
new zealander philip lyle hansen, 56, is accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex. he claims he was just trying to ‘help’ the women, not hurt them. hansen has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and wounding. a woman, 47, claims hansen pulled out six of her teeth during sex with her in the 1990s.   hansen's lawyer said the woman had not objected to hansen extracting her teeth.
call himself 'volcano', the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of benghazi. libya's second largest city was seized by the hardline islamist group ansar al-sharia in july last year. it is not clear whether volcano is using the civil war backdrop for effect in his music video.
nsw community services minister brad hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded public housing is $12 million a year in nsw alone. the state government is planning to make public housing tenants pay a bond to recoup losses from trashed properties.   the plan is a'very likely possibility' the plan will be implemented in the near future. public housing tenant's union says tenants are already liable for damage but 'don't have the money'
former treasurer peter costello has slammed the abbott government's approach to taxation as a'morbid joke'    treasurer joe hockey was not impressed with the costello critique, lamenting the fact his liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the howard government years. the government is due to deliver its second budget on may 12.   assistant treasurer josh frydenberg praised mr costello but said the government had reduced the overall tax take.
teana walsh, an assistant prosecutor in detroit, michigan, posted the comment to facebook. she is paid by taxpayers to pursue justice. walsh later deleted the post after seeing the riots in baltimore, maryland. her bosses said the post was 'completely out of character' for her.
james houlder and his partner vicki hood fell ill while on holiday at the sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh. he says they were violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea within hours of arriving. james, 30, has since developed irritable bowel syndrome and is still suffering nine months on. he has launched a civil case against first choice, the travel company which booked the holiday.
nagoya university and the university of tokyo in japan studied stone tools used by people in the early ahmarian culture 40,000 years ago. they found human tools were no more effective than neanderthal-created tools of the same era . researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived neanderthals. traditionally, scientists believed innovation in weapons enabled humans to spread to europe.
georgia davis, 22, from aberdare, south wales, weighs 55 stone and is 5ft 6in tall. she has been on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food. georgia had to be taken to hospital after becoming too big and weak to move. seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics. she is an extreme manifestation of obesity epidemic afflicting young people in britain.
former indonesian army general prabowo subianto twice privately assured president joko widodo there would be no political consequences if he granted clemency to andrew chan and myuran sukumaran.    mr prasetyo said 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution of the bali nine ringleaders. mr widodo ignored reassurances from his chief political rival that he would support the decision.
researcher travelled to nepal to study how the indian and eurasian plates are moving together. in 50 to 200 million years earth's continents are expected to form a new supercontinent called amasia. in 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the north pole. new techniques are allowing experts to study the changes in unprecedented ways.
manchester united scouts checked on porto striker jackson martinez last week. the 28-year-old wants to leave portugal this summer. porto will listen to offers of around £30million for the colombia international. united are looking to add two strikers this summer . aston villa's christian benteke has been discussed by united.
elon musk introduced the powerwall device at a press conference in california last night. he said the device could be in homes by the end of summer and could 'change the world'   the battery powers up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper. it can be used as back up power in the case of an emergency or to store renewable energy. the 'daily use' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours, which is around a quarter of a home's daily usage.
manchester city striker natasha flint bagged a first-half hat-trick as the young lions squad came from goal down to win. england lost to norway on saturday and can now only qualify for euro finals as runners up. mo marley's side beat northern ireland 9-1 at seaview.
alastair cook's innings on day three in grenada was spot on, particularly in the first hour of his innings. the england captain played the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him. cook was out playing shannon gabriel for 76 but he was through the shot too early. jonathan trott looked calmer at the start of his first innings of 59 in the second test.
toya graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera dragging her 16-year-old son michael home from the baltimore riots on monday. she said she recognized her son's baggy sweatpants and 'lost it' when she saw him carrying a rock. graham said she thought:'my pastor is going to kill me'   graham's actions have drawn praise from moms across the country and the police chief who said she was'mom of the century'
iran's revolutionary guards 'harassed' a us-flagged merchant ship and fired warning shots across the bows. four days later they boarded a marshall islands-flagging cargo vessel for trespassing in iran's territorial waters. iranian patrol boats boarded the mv maersk tigris carrying 34 sailors and cargo. iran claims it seized the vessel after a 'long running commercial dispute' with maersk.
twiggy, 65, models new summer collection for m&s. she has taken inspiration from 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season. the supermodel is married to actor leigh lawson, 69. twiggy has never had cosmetic surgery - but hasn't ruled it out.
queens park rangers manager chris ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms. john barnes is the only black manager in the premier league. ramsey believes the implementing of a rooney rule could help raise awareness of the issue. he supports barnes' assertion that black managers find it difficult to get a job after being sacked.
donatella, 59, appears in a photo with riccardo tisci, 40, for givenchy's fall-winter campaign. the designers have been friends for years. donatella regularly appears in ads for her own design house, versace, but this is the first time she has appeared in a campaign for another designer.
former two-weight world champion was stopped at dubai international airport and accused of fraud. he was accused of writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced. haye has not fought since he defeated dereck chisora in july 2012. he handed over his passport to authorities and has been unable to leave dubai. he has said the bounced cheque was down to an 'administrative error'   he was unable to attend a mixed martial arts event in birmingham on saturday due to his extended stay in dubai .
joe root has responded magnificently to being left out of last year's sydney test. ben stokes and marlon samuels have been in fine form for england. alastair cook has shown the danger of making your best player captain of the team.
liverpool midfielder raheem sterling recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract offer from the merseyside club. the 20-year-old was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe. sterling is seen taking a drag from the large orange pipe. the england international was involved in a smoking controversy back in february.
the former ole miss star was mocked for his alleged drug use by erin andrews on twitter two years ago. he was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test. jarret stoll was arrested in las vegas for trying to smuggle cocaine and mdma, or molly, last week. he tweeted to the tv reporter's boyfriend, the los angeles kings player, saying: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend'   he was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons after having a seizure at his home in california.
the serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the otago harbour, in dunedin on thursday. the deep sea fish is known to swim vertically and self-amputate its own tail. it was found on a salt marsh in new zealand. samples of the fish were sent to otago museum for testing.
manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard has struggled for minutes at old trafford since arriving in 2010. the 31-year-old has made just 19 league appearances for the red devils. he enjoyed a day off with his model wife misse beqiri. the couple have been dating since 2012 and have a son together.
lance armstrong admits groups such as wada, usada and others are owed an apology for his offences. director general of wada david howman said this week that he was disappointed armstrong hadn't apologised. armstrong first declined comment but then revealed he tried to meet with howman in 2013. howman backed off under advice from wada lawyers.
former head of international cycling hein verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the uci. he has sent the circ report to swiss lawyers after being criticised by the inquiry into lance armstrong's doping scandal. brian cookson has called for him to resign his honorary presidency.
patrick vieira is set to complete his uefa pro licence this summer. he has been taking his coaching badges with the welsh football association. manchester city's head of the elite development is in the frame to replace manuel pellegrini at dragon park. the former manchester player spent nine years at arsenal.
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton at everton in the premier league on sunday. louis van gaal needs big signings to turn manchester united into title contenders. manchester look far more vulnerable without michael carrick in their midfield. borussia dortmund's midfield pair of ilkay gundogan and sven bender fit the bill.
mesut ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against chelsea on sunday. the german needs to start performing to live up to his £42m price tag. ozil didn't impact the game enough to change the result for arsenal. cesc fabregas outshone ozil at the emirates and ozil missed his chance to win the game. thierry henry needs a new spine of his team to deliver in the big games.
mike coupe, chief executive of sainsbury's, was convicted of embezzlement last september. he was accused of trying to seize money from former business partner amr el-nasharty. court in egypt sentenced him to two years in jail after he failed to appear in court. company opened its first store in the middle east in 1999, but lost £110million in the process. mr coupe is believed to have travelled to egypt to appeal the conviction but failed.
carles puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to playing in either new york city or al-sadd. the 36-year-old retired last may after struggling to return from a persistent knee injury. the former barcelona captain could join up with frank lampard or xavi in the middle east.
russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains when he was struck by a falling icicle which caused a blood clot and a swelling in his leg. he was unable to walk and decided to perform surgery on himself at the top of the mountain. he used items from his first aid kit to remove the blood clot which had formed. the man used a gas lamp, a scalpel, surgical string, a needle holder and a curved needle. ten days later, the wound was completely healed and he was able to walk again.
rickie lambert has scarcely been given a chance since joining liverpool. brendan rodgers' decision to ignore lambert is illogical. lambert scored 20 goals for southampton and deserves more football. mario balotelli has been useless this season and should be picked ahead of lambert.
researchers at yahoo labs in california have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part. called bodyprint, the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner. bodyprint was devised by christian holz and others from the yahoo lab. to accept an incoming call, users would only need to press their ear against the phone.
korea's ssangyong (korean for 'two dragons') is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle. the tivoli suv is powered by 1.6 litre euro 6 petrol and diesel engines. comes in three trim levels - se, ex, elx, with seven airbags and unlimited mileage warranty.
toby huntington-whiteley, 25, stars in the new summer advert for men's clothing brand jacamo. the personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer freddie flintoff, 37, in the campaign. the advert was filmed in palma, majorca, and shows off toby's model pout.    the advert highlights the brand's clothing is well-suited to men who are 'extra tall' and 'extra broad'
the robots are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece. they are being programmed to lift cars that are up to two tonnes in weight. they could be used by the police to remove suspicious vehicles.
progress m-27m appears to have suffered major malfunction moments after launch from kazakhstan. it was due to dock with the international space station six hours after take off. but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned'   nasa's mission control reported that a video camera on progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate'
taline gabrielian, 33, of sydney's northern beaches has recreated all the classic chocolate bars. she has created healthy versions of mars bars, snickers, bounty, twix and cherry ripe. her hippie lane food app has more than 129,000 followers on instagram. she shares the recipes through her best-selling food app. the chocolates are raw, vegan, refined sugar-free and dairy-free.
matthew colvin, 26, was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven, mississippi, and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday. he faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft. the glasses were stolen from the rock n' soul museum in tennessee.
the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet. it locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres)   the credit card-sized gadget connects to an app on a user’s android handset or iphone via bluetooth. salt was created by joel paglione and niko zistakis from chicago, illinois. they claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the average phone user unlocking their phone 150 times a day. the card costs $20 (£13) and can be ordered from the company's website.
carl froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jr. in las vegas this month but was forced to withdraw with injury. froch is still keen to fight the mexican and would be open to travelling to america to do so. chavez faces andrzej fonfara at 172lb on saturday night.
fitness company protein world's london underground poster has been branded body-shaming by feminists and body image campaigners. image is now being removed following complaints. unknown source has recreated a version of the controversial poster with curvy women. plus-sized fashion label simply be has also created its own parody of the poster.
fabio lovato, 30, proposed to his girlfriend laura knight, 29, in their local cineworld in gloucester. he created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for fast and furious 7. the video showcased pictures from where the couple met in australia. laura was shocked when fabio proposed to her in the cinema after the trailers of the film.
researchers at the university of arizona found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber' in its stomach. when threatened, the bug can repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear end. the research not only reveals the beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail, but also solves a mystery of how the bugs achieve their rapid-fire capabilities.
the rubber bowl in akron, ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the university of akron's football team for 68 years. the stadium hosted acts like the rolling stones, black sabbath, simon & garfunkel and van halen. it was closed in 2009 when the zips moved into infocision stadium and has sat empty ever since. the university purchased the title to the stadium for $1 in 1971.
paul smith will face andre ward in oakland, california on june 20. ward's wba world super-middleweight title will not be on the line. the unbeaten californian has not fought since november 2013. smith failed in two attempts to win arthur abraham's wbo belt.
jason matthews, 40, left his black saab 93 in a side street before the manchester marathon on april 19. he was unable to remember where he had parked it and spent hours searching for it. adam coppin from salford gave up his day off to join the search for the missing car. mr matthews found it safe and sound in an office car park nine days after the race.
the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment. a note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last friday and their mother had died. vets decided to put the chihuahuas with a surrogate cat named kit. as kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens she was able to feed the puppies. her pregnant sister, kat, also helped out with mothering duties.
jimmy anderson's performance in the second test was one of the best by an england cricketer. alastair cook's captaincy and batting was the key to england's win against west indies. cook looks completely in charge of this england team. cook was impressive in the field and scored runs for england in the third test.
jack grealish was pictured inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon after a night out. tim sherwood has assured aston villa manager jack grealishes he will not repeat his mistake. the 19-year-old is the third top flight player to be caught on camera inhaling the drug. grealishing was pictured taking 'hippy crack' a year ago. he starred in villa's fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday.
jordan meikle was running the london marathon to help raise funds for the salvation army. while stretching he asked his girlfriend to marry him at the spectator's barriers. the 23-year-old was filmed by his girlfriend's father mark harris. he proposed to kayleigh harris after sealing the deal with a kiss and a cuddle.
australian prime minister tony abbott thrilled players at a sydney australian rules football club function by skolling a beer. it appeared to take the prime minister about six seconds to down the beer. mr abbott was asked to have a drink by university of technology syd sydney bats coach simon carradous. he also gave a speech to the players.
kayonna cole filmed the moment at her home in los angeles. she holds her pet rose hair spider up to the camera as it bites her hand. kayonna remains calm throughout the video but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom. she said the tarantula has venom similar to that of a bee sting.
police search community centre in west london and home of burnell mitchell, 61, a director of community centre. leslie cooper, 36, has appeared in court charged with murdering imam abdul hadi arwani, 48. he was found dead in his black volkswagen passat on a street in wembley last week. a 61-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder.
ap mccoy rode his final ever ride at sandown on saturday. the 20-time champion jockey will be a spectator at the punchestown festival this week. he has a bucket list of things he wants to do after retiring from racing. the former jockey has challenged channel 4 presenter and tennis fan emma spencer to a match.
the cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at idube game reserve in south africa. when he rushed to catch up with her he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass. eventually he fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud.
peter scudamore rode 1,678 winners but ap mccoy has ridden more winners than any other jockey. the jockey retired on saturday after 20 straight jump jockey titles. ap has won his 4,000th winner at towcester in 2013. he has also won the conditional jockeys championship and bbc sports personality of the year.
the custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost a mystery billionaire £400million after it was customised to fit his specifications over a three-year period. the jumbo jet can hold up to 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon. it contains bedrooms, a dining room, a state room and multiple lounges for the owner.
portland timbers defender liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the states. the 30-year-old discusses his family's visits to portland and coming up against orlando city's kaka. the timbers face seattle sounders on monday morning at 2:30am uk time.
the footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the abq biopark zoo in albuquerque. the youngster named jazmine approaches its mother rozie and starts clambering over her. the baby elephant then lunges forward with both its back legs and tramples all over the 22-year-old asian elephant.
alexia christian, 25, was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a patrol car in downtown atlanta. the incident happened on thursday afternoon near the fulton county courthouse. police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers took her into custody. at one point she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, critically wounding her. she was taken to grady memorial hospital but died from her injuries.
lada's 4x4 niva is a robust and chunky car that has won fans around the world. it is available in a compact van format and costs £13,395 on the road. the land rover defender's demise could lead to a boom in sales of the lada niva.
alpha male kangaroo roger was gifted a soft toy bunny by a fan at the alice springs sanctuary in the northern territory. sanctuary manager chris barnes said he tried to take the bunny off roger but was met with hostility. roger is an alpha male at the sanctuary and is very protective of his women.
lacey mccarty, six-year-old phillip and five-month-old christopher swist were killed in palm bay, florida, on march 20. their mother, jessica mccarty, called 911 on herself and told police she'd killed her three children. she still faces three counts of first-degree murder for the incident. her partner chris swist, the father of the youngest child, christopher, had nicknames for all of the children and coached the two oldest in little league baseball. swist said he had a close bond with all three children and gave them all nicknames to go by.
hector morejon was shot by a long beach, california, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident. his mother, lucia morejon, was at home when she heard the shots. she went to an alley to see what happened and realized it was her son in an ambulance . he was shot dead by a police officer on thursday while in a vacant apartment.
the 79th masters takes place at augusta national golf club on sunday. sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at the masters. phil mickelson's birdie putt on the 18th green in 2010 tops the list. arnold palmer was the first man to birdie both the final two holes to win the masters in 1960.
stella maxwell, 24, was born to irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell. she was born in belgium but now lives in los angeles and new york. was unveiled as one of ten new victoria's secret angels this week. loves to travel and spends her time with best friend barbara palvin and miley cyrus.
report claims freddie gray broke his neck when he fell head-first into the back of the police van as it was moving. it is believed he was standing in the van, bent over, with his head facing the door. police sources said gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van'   it comes hours after baltimore police admitted the van transporting gray made a previously unreported stop. six officers have been suspended with pay over the incident on april 12.
fly captured on camera trying to get free of frozen beef steak after becoming stuck to the frozen food. the fly tries to set itself free by beating its legs and twisting its body to try and free itself. eventually the video maker intervenes and sets the fly free. the video was recorded in auckland, new zealand.
saige, five, from the us, has been living with her mother for five years. she tells her mother about the'mess' in the house and her brother's bad behaviour. she says she will move out and stay with her mum's best friend. her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her daughter.
shanghai circuit held the inaugural chinese grand prix in 2004 and has been home to the race since. the track is known for its challenging design and track layout. renault's fernando alonso won the first race at the track in 2006. jacques villeneuve and michael schumacher among the drivers to have driven at the circuit.
bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a formula one world championship grand prix. the inaugural bahrain race was held at the desert circuit of sakhir in 2004. sportsmail takes a look back at some of the best images from the inaugural race. jenson button and fernando alonso among the drivers to have won at the venue.
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix to extend his lead in the formula one championship to 27 points. the briton claimed his third victory in four races so far this season. kimi raikkonen finished second with sebastian vettel and nico rosberg in third and fourth.
mark o'meara's hole-in-one is one of the greatest shots ever seen at the masters. billy joe patton's double-bogey on the 13th hole cost him victory in 1954. the 79th edition of the masters takes place at augusta national golf club on sunday. sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots of all time.
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix and extended his lead at the top of the drivers' championship to 13 points. nico rosberg finished second with sebastian vettel third in his ferrari. hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the title after three races.
zafar ansari will make his international debut against ireland in malahide on may 8. the 23-year-old has a double first in politics and sociology from cambridge. ansari also has an eye on a career in academia one day. james taylor will captain england in the one-day international clash.
nicklas bendtner was dropped from the wolfsburg squad for sunday's game against schalke. the former arsenal man turned up late for training on friday. manager dieter hecking said that bendtners would have started the match if he hadn't.
family were at omaha's henry doorley zoo in nebraska when a little girl started beating her chest at a gorilla. the gorilla at the back of the enclosure was not amused and ran at the glass pane of glass. the glass cracked on impact - and the family fled to safety. the incident took place at the zoo yesterday at the start of the day.
bournemouth will not look to increase the capacity of their 12,000-seater goldsands stadium. premier league rules state clubs must give away fans 10 per cent of their overall allocation of tickets. manager eddie howe is reluctant to change the position of the away fans to behind the goal.
raheem sterling and daniel sturridge unveiled liverpool's new home kit at anfield on friday. new balance have signed a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal with liverpool. sterling was told by liverpool supporters that he will remain at the club this summer. sterling, martin skrtel, simon mignolet and philippe coutinho presented the kit to fans. liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley next weekend.
liverpool stars unveiled the club's new premier league kit for the 2015-16 season on friday. new balance will be supplying the strip for the reds for the next season. liverpool are the first premier league club to release their new kit for 2015-2016. the club have had three seasons of kit manufactured by warrior. sportsmail picks out five of its favourite liverpool strips from over the years.
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer tour of the us. club are expected to jet across the atlantic in july for a trip of around 12 days. but there is no buy-out clause in their existing deal with nike that runs until the end of july. louis van gaal has restricted the us tour to the west coast. united signed a world-record £750million deal with adidas for 10 years.
west ham have announced a five-year kit deal with umbro to supply kits starting next season. the hammers last wore umbro kits between 2007 and 2010. umbro supplied the kit for the great west ham team of the sixties. west ham will return to umbro for their final season at upton park in 2015-16. the club will move to the olympic stadium after next season .
newcastle united fans have planned a mass protest against owner mike ashley on saturday. at least 10,000 supporters stayed away from st james' park for the club's last home game against spurs. fans group ashleyout.com have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of saturday's match against swansea. newcastle supporters have also asked to protest outside ashley's sports direct stores.
bon apetit have revealed the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread. it involves running it under water before baking it in the oven. the water turns to steam and rehydrates the bread and firms up the crust. but make sure to eat the bread the same day.
manchester united will play a four-game pre-season tour of the united states this summer. louis van gaal was unhappy with the amount of travelling last summer. united will face club america, barcelona, psg, san jose earthquakes and barcelona. the premier league giants will play in the international champions' cup in america.
ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england cricket team. stokes clashed with marlon samuels during the second test against west indies. peter moores advised stokes to talk to him after the row. but stokes must not live up to his reputation and become pigeon-holed. he can use his aggression to bring runs and wickets to england.
chelsea will face paris saint-germain in a pre-season friendly in july 25. jose mourinho's side will also face new york red bulls and barcelona in the usa. chelsea will play fiorentina at stamford bridge in the premier league on august 5.
the most searched for term globally is hiv and aids, followed by herpes and human papilloma virus. chlamydia was the most commonly diagnosed std in the uk and us. mississippi has the highest rates of gonorrhea and syphilis in the us. in europe, norway was the country with the highest number of searches per capita for stds.
kaka showed off an 'i belong to jesus' vest after ac milan's champions league win in 2007. he was not mocked or ridiculed for displaying his faith. i can't remember anyone objecting to shows of religious devotion at a football match. players on the nfl and golf's pga tour are well known for expressing their beliefs. why is it that people object to sportsmen expressing their faith?
qpr manager chris ramsey is the only black manager in the premier league. he has been criticised for taking the job after harry redknapp left the club. ramsey has struggled to turn things around at qpr. he is a fine coach who has been overlooked for many jobs. black managers in english football get the managerial equivalent of a hospital pass.
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $100 bills for his mega-fight with manny pacquiao. andre ward is set to make his comeback in his hometown on june 20. marco antonio periban will be ward's opponent at the oracle arena.
pattie boyd, 71, has tied the knot with property developer rod weston at chelsea registry office. she was famously married to both george harrison and eric clapton in the past. she is now the sole surviving first wife of a beatle after john lennon's ex-wife.
raheem sterling has refused to sign a new contract at liverpool. the 20-year-old has been labelled an ingrate and a fool for refusing to sign. brendan rodgers' side lost 4-1 at arsenal in the league on wednesday. i hope sterling stays at anfield and continues to grow as a player.
kell brook faces frankie gavin at the o2 arena on may 20. amir khan's father shah says eddie hearn needs to calm down. shah khan says brook could have had a fight with amir if promoter hearn had minded his words. hearn has been criticised for calling out brook and gavin.
floyd mayweather jr is boxing’s undisputed braggart - and a brilliant performer in the ring. mayweather takes on manny pacquiao on saturday in the fight of the century at mgm grand. he is the cartoon embodiment of the excess of the sport. but mayweather is as close to genius as it gets in modern boxing. he has fought the best fighters of his generation and beaten all of them.
james anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england's top test wicket taker. anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies on monday.    anderson was a natural bowler and 'wouldn't say boo to a goose'   peter moores deserves credit for allowing anderson to play his natural game when on duty.
john terry is playing some of the best football of his career in the chelsea defence. jose mourinho's return was the answer to john terry's prayers. arsenal's tempo dropped after the half time break at the emirates . danny welbeck's pace could have unsettled the chlosea defence . the arsenal fans were heard lamenting jose's 'boring' performance.
arsene wenger faces jose mourinho at arsenal in the premier league on sunday. arsene plays to win, it's not just about style. jose has a brilliant record against wenger and always finds a way to win. martin keown says wenger can not be underestimated.
manchester united and chelsea are interested in signing real madrid midfielder sami khedira. manchester united have maintained an interest in signing the germany international. newcastle are considering a move for fulham striker ross mccormack. inter milan are keen to sign stevan jovatic and are also interested in yaya toure. radamel falcao could be on his way to juventus and monaco.
paris saint-germain have opened primary discussions with paul pogba over a possible move from juventus. sevilla are weighing up a move for manchester city's 29-year-old winger jesus navas. edinson cavani is considering his options and could move away from paris. yaya toure remains inter milan's main transfer target for the summer. stoke have made an enquiry about dnipro flyer yevhen konoplyanka.
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will weigh-in at mgm grand garden arena on friday. fans will be charged for admission to the weigh-ins for the first time. wladimir klitschko has admitted that he is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday. wbc heavyweight champions deontay wilder and tyson fury look set to face each other.
a few months ago aston villa would have been happy with premier league survival . tim sherwood has invigorated the side and has improved their performances. but fans must be patient and be realistic. previous generations at villa have been too demanding. villa won the european cup in 1982.
barcelona have a long-held interest in manchester united midfielder ander herrera. manchester city and stoke city have scouts at sporting lisbon. liverpool will reject manchester's proposals for jordan henderson. stoke are interested in shrewsbury town winger josh ginnelly.
spain's fans booed the national team when they won euro 2008 and the world cup. now it is the right time for the old guard to hand over to youngsters. spain's under 21s are thriving and are in the champions league quarter-finals. juan bernat is the latest in a string of young spaniards to play in the competition.
marseille host paris saint-germain at the stade velodrome on sunday night in ligue 1. marseille are top scorers in the league, two points behind leaders psg. blue-collar marseille boss marcelo bielsa's side have not had this many points at this stage of the season since 2010.
patrick vieira captained manchester city and could be next in line to replace manuel pellegrini at the etihad. the former manchester captain wants to be a manager. he has learned from top managers including jose mourinho, fabio capello and arsene wenger. he is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win.   he has the personality and presence to take charge in a dressing room full of big egos.
jack grealish has become the third top flight player caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. the aston villa starlet was photographed taking the drug in the fa cup semi-final win over liverpool. it's a shame to see another talented player being photographed taking 'hippy crack'   he has a big future but he has to make the right choices.
shivnarine chanderpaul and steve davis remain heroic despite their advancing years. but what is the point of formula one? fc porto's fans were co-ordinated in blue and white at bayern munich. jurgen k klopp's decision to leave borussia dortmund was a surprise. alastair cook has continued to struggle with the bat in the first test against the west indies.
arsene wenger and jose mourinho drew 0-0 at the emirates in the london derby. both managers were in good spirits ahead of the game. the sky sports team acted as the pacemaker for the afternoon at the emirates. thierry henry and jamie carragher were in fine form on the touchline.
jack wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season. the england midfielder has not played for arsenal since november 22. manchester city are interested in signing the 23-year-old. arsene wenger's side face burnley at the emirates on saturday.
tracy neville takes charge of england as netball coach. roberto mancini's inter milan sit ninth in the serie a table. kevin sinfield switches codes from league to union. butch harmon wants rickie fowler to become 'nasty' at the us masters.    phil jones needs to improve quickly at manchester united.
chris smalling has been at the forefront of manchester united's resurgence. bob willis remains one of the best analysts on sky sports. josh meekings' handball controversy has taken our game to a new low. sam tomkins has left the tiniest of impressions in super league.
carlo ancelotti is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results at real madrid. his team have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015.    real have lost to atletico four times in a season and seven times in 11 derbies.
oscar hasn't completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since mid-january. the brazilian midfielder has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of the last 11 games. jose mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive by cristiano ronaldo at real madrid. oscar has been substituted in 10 of chelsea's last 11 league games.
harry redknapp joined bt sport presenter jake humphrey for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool at the emirates. harry was in fine form as pundit for the premier league clash on saturday. ian wright and steve mcmanaman were quick to defend the former tottenham boss.  redknapp questioned brendan rodgers decision-making on daniel sturridge's appearance.
charley hull possesses the same mentality and 'wow factor' as world no 1 rory mcilroy. the 19-year-old is the best teenage golfer in britain. hull can make it to the top of the women's game if she carries on her progress. hull has the ability to be the best player in the world.
the bbc and bt sport hosted two fa cup semi-final matches at wembley stadium on saturday and sunday. ian wright admitted he didn't like semi finals at the stadium. gary lineker and jason roberts were in fine form during the coverage of both matches.
jordan spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new masters champion. ian poulter, henrik stenson and sergio garcia have decided not to play at bmw pga championship at wentworth. spieth's commitment to the sport shows his commitment to golf.
real madrid forward gareth bale is a transfer target for manchester united, chelsea and manchester city. bale has said he wants to stay at real madrid but could be sold by carlo ancelotti this summer. the bernabeu are interested in signing borussia dortmund's marco reus. javier hernandez could return to the premier league on a permanent deal. petr cech could move to real mad madrid if david de gea stays at manchester.
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 in the manchester derby at old trafford. gary neville co-commentated with martin tyler for sky sports' coverage of the game. neville was criticised for analysing yaya toure's poor performance for city. he was also gobsmacked by the city players' lack of urgency.
jordan spieth won the 79th masters at augusta national on sunday. it was his first ever major title at the age of 21. spieth is a man with a common touch and a depth of sincerity. he embraced members of his family after winning the masters. politicians who try to be popular could learn much from the masters champion.
a potential domestic auction could be sparked for liverpool's raheem sterling this summer. chelsea, manchester city or manchester united are watching the 20-year-old. it could decide where real madrid's gareth bale ends up if one club gets sterling and the other two miss out. liverpool have put a £50million price tag on sterling. paulo dybala could be on his way to the premier league with a move to palermo.
tiger woods returned to action at augusta national golf club to practice ahead of the masters 2015. woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf. rory mcilroy practised at the other end of the day at masters monday. woods practised with british amateur champion, bradley neil.
raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with liverpool and could leave this summer. the 20-year-old could buy-out the last year of his current deal for £1.7million. sterling's value could plummet by up to £25million if he chooses to leave liverpool. manchester city and chelsea are both interested in signing the striker. slaven bilic is in the frame to replace sam allardyce at west ham. southampton could offer nathaniel clyne to manchester united in order to sign javier hernandez.
nico rosberg finished second to lewis hamilton at the chinese grand prix. the mercedes driver blamed hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up. but the german driver's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with hamilton. max verstappen showed he has what it takes in the opening race of the season.
newcastle keeper tim krul appeared to congratulate jermain defoe on his goal at half-time in the wear-tyne derby. jamie carragher criticised newcastle keeper for his actions while speaking on sky sports last week. but sportsmail's jamie is still struggling to understand why he did it. there is no appropriate place for sportsmanship to congratulate an opponent.
arsene wenger's side are 10 points clear at the top of the premier league table. arsene's side face jose mourinho's chelsea at home on sunday afternoon. but don't be fooled, arsenal can challenge for the title next season.    this is the summer when arsenal must go for it and make the big additions to their squad.
eden hazard is among the front runners to win pfa player of the year award this season. john terry will have told his squad not to vote for harry kane or david de gea. jamie carragher believes manchester united goalkeeper de ge a will miss out on the award.
eddie howe is the man who has got bournemouth buzzing after promotion to the premier league. eddie is the opposite of mourinho. he is relaxed, quiet and controlled on the touchline. he has a good eye for talent and is a chairman's dream. i can't wait to see callum wilson in the top flight next season.
michael owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league and scored a hat-trick at hillsborough in 1998. harry kane will try to prove his outstanding premier league season is not a fluke this year. owen scored 18 goals in 36 premier league appearances in 1997-98. kane has matched owen's best-ever total for a premier league season.
psv eindhoven's memphis depay is the eredivisie's top goalscorer with 20 goals this season. the 21-year-old has held a meeting in manchester united as he nears a £25m move. depay has 'dream chaser' and'successful' tattooed on his chest and lip respectively. he is set to move to manchester united for £25million this summer.
manchester united had four different scorers against manchester city on sunday. louis van gaal's 'fab four' have proved their worth this season. juan mata, marouane fellaini, chris smalling and ashley young all scored. james ward-prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season. the three promoted teams are all in the relegation zone but one of them will survive.
aston villa beat liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday. jack grealish and fabian delph were the best players on the pitch. steven gerrard will be devastated not to reach the final but for the club's sake, not his. leicester look the most likely to stay up at the bottom of the league. foxes home advantage could be key to staying up.
sportsmail's jamie redknapp picks his top five premier league goals of the weekend. jermain defoe's volley in the tyne-wear derby and charlie adam's goal against chelsea top the list. alexis sanchez, bobby zamora and wayne rooney also make the top five.
martin allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season. the barnet manager talks about how important it is for players to follow orders. john terry works hard to ensure everybody at chelsea is following orders. gary rowettett is so good at managing players on the periphery of the first team.
scott quigg has offered carl frampton £1.5million to fight on july 18 at manchester arena. kell brook looks set to make a quick return to the ring on may 30 at the o2 arena. frankie gavin could challenge brook for his world title in an all-british showdown. anthony joshua and josh warrington will fight for the world title at leeds on saturday.
aston villa take on liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday afternoon. christian benteke, fabian delph and jordan henderson are set for a midfield battle. the reds will be hoping to reach the final of the competition for the first time.
arsenal host liverpool at the emirates stadium on saturday afternoon. martin skrtel misses the trip to arsenal after getting a three-game ban. win and arsenal go second and liverpool go nine points behind manchester city. per mertesacker's lack of pace could be exposed if daniel sturridge is fit for liverpool. aaron ramsey faces jordan henderson in the midfield battle for arsenal.
sam burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for bath on friday night.    head coach mike ford believes burgess will make a bigger impact from the backrow. the former league star began his union career in the centre but is now a back rower. burgess spent time with the england squad during the six nations.
michael carrick keeps the game simple but has been unappreciated in this country. roy hodgson's side drew 1-1 with italy in a friendly on tuesday night. carrick could be the most important england game he has ever played. fans love all-action players like steven gerrard and frank lampard but carrick has been ignored by england.
mesut ozil is worth paying to watch when at his best. eden hazard is the man chelsea seek out when they need a goal. it's a good job newcastle united have earned 35 points so far this season. john carver's newcastle team were poor against sunderland. jermain defoe's goal was a great result for the man of the match.
julio cesar chavez jnr lost to andrzej fonfara at the weekend . carl froch has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may. james degale is the most likely next opponent for froch on his return to the ring.   carl frampton-scott quigg is dead in the water after his team failed to make an offer to fight.
referee, michael oliver should have given a penalty to chelsea's oscar in the first half. the blues should have had a penalty when oscar was clipped by hector bellerin. cesc fabregas should have been booked for diving. arsenal had four penalty appeals but only one clear penalty.
richie benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge. benaud made commentary look easy but he put in the hard work and rose to the top. he was the voice of cricket for generations commentating in his native australia and for the bbc. the world cup final last month saw a team of rookies commentating on the match.
uefa ordered final 18 seconds of european women's under 19 championship qualifier between england and norway to be replayed after refereeing error. uefa did something similar during a 2006 world cup qualifier. ref marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free kick after disallowing a penalty for encroachment. bahrain were playing uzbekistan in a 2005 world cup qualifiers when ref incorrectly awarded a free-kick.
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray for palace's first goal. assistant john brooks was spot on with two calls in the same move.    dann's goal was the only goal of the game as palace ran out 2-0 winners at the kc stadium.
stuart lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where they play. australia have dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas. steffon armitage, nick abendanon and matt giteau are among the best players in the world. england players deserve to be selected for the world cup.
nick abendanon was outstanding for clermont auvergne against saracens. sam burgess starts at blindside flanker for bath against newcastle on friday. the rfu and england should scrap the 'exceptional' clause rule. it is proving to be more hassle than it is worth.
the 19-time champion jockey could have ridden cause of causes at grand national. ap mccoy is owned by his boss jp mcmanus and has ridden him three times. shutthefrontdoor won the national hunt chase at cheltenham last month. royale knight is a horse which has caught my eye for the race.
calum chambers, eric dier and john stones have all impressed in the premier league this season. chambers has played at right back, centre-back and midfield for arsenal. everton defender john stones has also impressed at full back. the trio have self-belief in their games and are self-confident.
tim sherwood has to keep his emotions in check at white hart lane on saturday. the aston villa boss is a passionate man but he can’t afford to let things get personal. sherwood returns to face tottenham at villa park in the premier league. he is talented but has to be careful not to let his emotions get the better of him. les ferdinand told me tim needed a calming influence at spurs.
tony mccoy says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months easier. the 20-times champion jockey announced his retirement in february. he has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country to say goodbye to fans. northern irishman said he thought he could retire quietly on his final day at sandown park.
leicester have won three successive games in the premier league. nigel pearson's side were bottom of the table at the end of march. the manager has managed to create a positive attitude in his squad. qpr and burnley have shown fantastic spirit. but sunderland and hull look paralysed by fear.
charles piutau rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast. nathan hughes was clumsy rather than reckless and didn't deserve a three-game ban. we are in the cost-cutting age of the world cup.
ap mccoy finished third in the final race of his career on box office at sandown park. the 40-year-old was presented with the champion jockey trophy after finishing third. the irish jockey finished his career with 4,358 winners in his illustrious career.    the jockey was joined by his wife channelle, daughter eve and son archie on his final day.
orlando city beat portland timbers 2-0 at providence park. former real madrid ace kaka and canadian international cyle larin scored for the hosts. kaka scored a second-half penalty to seal the win. it was orlando's second away win of the season.
adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice. the young british sprinter says bolt likes to make jokes of him. gemili is nowhere near bolt's standard at the moment but he could be his time soon.
british road to rio cyclist becky james has been out injured for a whole year. james is in her last week of rehab and is on the verge of returning to regular training. the british cyclist supported boyfriend george north during wales' six nations campaign.
ap mccoy has two rides at sandown on saturday before he retires from professional racing. the 20-time champion jockey will race for the last time at the racecourse. andrew thornton says it is 'like watching lionel messi' on a horse .
bournemouth's promotion means arsenal will start season in second place for the first time in 100 years. the gunners have started each season at the summit of england's top-flight since 1915/16. eddie howe's bournemouth promoted to the premier league on monday.
ap mccoy finished third on box office in last-ever race at sandown park on saturday night. the 20-time champion jockey was reduced to tears after finishing third in the bet365 handicap hurdle. the jocket predicted someone will ultimately break his multitude of records. mccoys described the final day of his career as 'the hardest day' of his life.
ap mccoy will end his 20th and final champion jockey's career at sandown on saturday. the 15-year-old jockey will be crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport. exactly 25 years ago, ap left his home as an apprentice jockey at the stable of jim bolger. claire mccoy says she was 'heartbroken' when he left to go to bolger's academy.
ap mccoy will ride his last two races at sandown park racecourse on saturday. the 20-time champion jockey insists he will never return to professional racing after sunday's farewell. the 40-year-old rider has two final rides at the track. jockey has borrowed a phrase from great olympian sir steve redgrave. redgrave famously returned to success despite vowing never to return to action.
palermo president maurizio zamparini has slapped a €50million (£36m) price tag on paulo dybala. manchester united, chelsea, arsenal, inter milan, juventus and paris saint-germain are all interested. roberto mancini was spotted at palermo's game against parma on sunday.
samantha cameron, justine miliband and miriam clegg proved they are the ones who wear the trousers. samantha and justine marched out in almost identical uniforms.    sam cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west london. she looked every inch the groomed and polished loyal conservative wife. justine resolutely wore the same outfit she wore last week.
74 passengers and seven crew members believed to be on board asiana airlines flight oz162 at hiroshima airport. it is believed to have made a tailstrike and skidded off the runway. local media report that the plane spun 180 degrees after impact and was facing the wrong way. the airport has been closed as a result of the crash.
olivier giroud believes arsenal will challenge chelsea for the premier league next season. the gunners forward admits he gets annoyed with people commenting on his slick appearance. arsene wenger's side drew 0-0 with chlsea at the emirates on sunday.
royal bank of scotland posted a £446million loss in the first three months of the year. it was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still to be decided. chief executive ross mcewan warned of another 'tough year' for the state-backed bank.
arsenal drew 0-0 at chelsea in the premier league on sunday. theo walcott believes arsenal have been the 'best team in europe' in the second half of the season. the gunners could lift the title next season if everyone stays fit. walcott has struggled to maintain a first team place under arsene wenger.
thierry henry said arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the premier league next season. sky sports pundit questioned whether arsene wenger's side can win the title with olivier giroud. francis coquelin has defended team-mate giroud after criticism from henry. the french midfielder believes arsenal 'can win titles' with giroud as their main striker.
mario gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute to put fiorentina ahead. dynamo kiev's jeremain lens was sent off shortly before the interval for an apparent dive. substitute juan vargas came off the bench to score a late goal in the closing stages of the europa league clash. fiorentina qualified for the semi-finals of the competition.
chief medical officer dame sally davies has ordered a cost review into giving all under-fours free vitamin d supplements. she is concerned at rise in the number of children suffering from the condition. rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d and is a scourge of victorian britain. the disease was virtually eradicated after the second world war but is returning. experts say it is due to a lack of sun exposure and overuse of sunscreen.
manchester city are interested in signing jack wilshere. the england international has been out of action since november with an ankle injury. manchester are looking to increase their homegrown quota at the etihad stadium. but arsenal boss arsene wenger has told manchester not to waste their time. wenger's side face burnley at burnley on saturday.
boliva’s cal orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity, forcing earth upwards. the attraction, at fancesa limestone quarry in sucre, bolivia, comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints. the wall is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs.
ravel morrison was released from his last contract at west ham following a series of disciplinary problems. the 22-year-old has signed a pre-contract agreement with lazio ahead of next season. morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new lazio bathrobe on his instagram account.
the snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet, somerset, illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town. the pictures were taken by the cat's owner jason bryant who confirmed the inevitable outcome of the game.
researchers from cornell university, ebay and the university of california plotted prices of goods listed on ebay. they found exact prices attract higher offers than round numbers. sellers who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices. sellers with round numbers are more likely to sell quickly, but may not attract the best counter offers.
yevhen shakhov scored in the 82nd minute to earn dnipro a place in the europa league semi-finals. the ukrainian midfielder scored a late winner after 170 minutes of play. brugge had held to a 0-0 draw in the quarter-final clash at the dnepro-arena.
lee joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers. but he was convicted of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence'    he fled the ship without making any evacuation order, as required by law. the sewol sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year, killing 304 people.
lindy klim, yogi and instagram star sjana earp, former commonwealth games pole vaulter amanda bisk, and australian ballet star juliette burnett starred in the we are handsome activewear show at fashion week australia. the show was held at white city tennis club in sydney on tuesday night. the'models' modelled the brand's new activewear range.
defending champions sevilla beat zenit 2-1 on aggregate to reach the last four of the europa league. carlos bacca opened the scoring from the penalty spot after five minutes. salomon rondon and hulk scored for the hosts before hulk equalised for the visitors in the second half. kevin gameiro scored a late equaliser for the holders but it wasn't enough to send the game to extra time.
palaeontologists in china say the new dinosaur, named yi qi, had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings that were covered in a membrane. the dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap . the fossil was discovered by a farmer in mutoudeng, china, 160 million years ago. the discovery has shed new light on the evolution of flight .
the visa restrictions index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free. finland, germany, sweden, the uk and the us are the top five countries for travel freedom. afghanistan, iraq, pakistan and somalia are the least restricted countries. citizens of iraq are barred from visiting 28 countries and can only visit 31.
jaysh al-islam - or army of islam - was formed when up to 60 rebel factions in syria merged to fight the syrian regime.    group reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters and is reportedly being funded by saudi arabia.  group claims it is the 'largest military parade witnessed' since the dawn of the revolution in 2011. its leaders and soldiers march in perfect unison at graduation ceremony for recruits in damascus.
serena williams beat carla suarez navarro 6-2 6-0 in the miami open final on saturday night. world no 1 claimed her eighth title in 14 years. serena dedicated the title to her father. the american won the final 10 games in a straight-sets victory.
akira isogawa and bondi bather models sported sequins on their faces at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. steven khalil showcased bridal couture and evening wear at his show on wednesday. models at bondi also showcased the sequinned beauty look.
leading data mining firm claims that between 20 to 50 social media accounts active in baltimore on monday were also used some 825 miles away in ferguson during peak of last summer's violence. experts have linked presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists to both events. one account tweeted photos of freddie gray's funeral and used language anticipating monday's rioting. flier circulated online calling for a 'purge' prior to rioting and looting in the city.
a man smacked a wolf spider with a broom in hallett cove, south australia. hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the spider's body and spread across the kitchen floor. the house owner was shocked to see the baby spiders in the middle of the floor.
bird was spotted swimming in the grand union canal after apparently flying into london along the thames. puffin was spotted near the a4 flyover at brentford and handed to swan sanctuary to recuperate. more commonly seen in iceland and the north atlantic, the bird was given fish and wrapped in blanket.
neymar opened the scoring for barcelona after just 14 minutes at the nou camp at paris saint germain. the brazilian striker scored his and barcelona's second goal of the night in the 34th minute. barcelona reached the champions league semi-finals 5-1 on aggregate after beating psg 4-1 in the first leg. david luiz was booked for a first-half foul on barcelona teammate dani alves.
charllie bothuell iv and monique dillard-bothuell took the stand against father and stepmother in court on tuesday. charlie, now 13, was found in basement of detroit townhouse last june after 11-day search. said he was often beaten with plastic pipe, forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children. he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents' torture. hearing is meant to determine if charlie iv and his partner will face charges of torture and child abuse.
serena williams beat italian sara errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in the fed cup play-off on sunday. the world no 1 fought back from a set down to win the match. the u.s. take a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series.
mirko 'cro cop' filipovic stopped gabriel gonzaga in the third round of their heavyweight rematch in krakow.    after dropping his rival to the canvas, he finished the job with elbows. jimi manuwa made a successful return to the octagon after a year on the sidelines.
eugenie bouchard crashed out of the miami open in the second round to tatjana maria. the 21-year-old was told to'relax more' after losing to lesia tsurenko at indian wells. the tennis star posed with sports illustrated model hannah davis and beach volleyball star kerri walsh jennings at a promotional event. serena williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year after reaching the final.
anastasia pavlyuchenkova saved a match point to beat germany's sabine lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3. svetlana kuznetsova beat julia goerges in straight sets in the fed cup. russia need to win all three matches to reach the final of the competition.
a newborn baby girl was found dead inside a garbage can outside the delta gamma theta sorority house at muskingum university campus last wednesday. it has now emerged the baby was born alive and then suffocated. the child's mother is a student at the school. it is the second time an abandoned baby has died at the university campus in eastern ohio. in 2002, the body of a baby boy was found in a dumpster and his mother served seven months in prison.
chad geyen of ramsey, minnesota was found dead on sunday of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. the 45-year-old married father of two was charged with multiple counts of sexual abuse against young boys. he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013. all of the boys were under the age of 13 at the time of the alleged abuse. he was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of criminal sexual conduct.
serena williams faces carla suarez navarro in the final of the miami open on saturday. the world no 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year. the 34-year-old faces world no 2 simona halep in the semi-final. willliams has won the last two grand slams at the us open and indian wells.
jihadis were fighting local groups in hammam al-alil when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment. doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities. news comes as jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters in iraq's anbar province. more than 200 yazidi prisoners have been set free in northern iraq after nearly a year in captivity.
jonny may will start on the wing for gloucester in the european challenge cup final against edinburgh at the stoop on friday. may was dropped by england for ignoring an overlap in six nations win over italy. the 25-year-old has lost his england starting place to jack nowell. may is a childhood friend of ed sheeran and his mother taught the pop star to play the guitar as a youngster.
serena williams defeated camila giorgi 7-6, 6-2 in the first set of the fed cup world group playoff. the world no 1 beat her opponent in straight sets to give usa a 1-0 lead against italy. the u.s. captain mary joe fernandez was in attendance at the match in brindisi.
petra kvitova beat caroline garcia to reach the fed cup final. the czech republic beat france 6-4, 6-3 in the reverse singles. the defending champions will face germany or russia in the final in november.
navy noticed underwater target yesterday and again this morning and fired 'warning' depth charges. border patrol boats first detected the object in waters near the capital helsinki. it comes just months after sweden's navy hunted unsuccessfully for a foreign submarine. defence minister carl haglund did not say whether russia was involved.
the 42nd pfa awards were held at the grosvenor house in london on sunday evening. harry kane is nominated for pfa player of the year and young player of the year. manchester united goalkeeper david de gea and manchester city midfielder frank lampard arrived with their partners. eden hazard, steven gerrard and philippe coutinho are also nominated for both awards. comedian jason manford and british indie rock band the charlatans made up the entertainment line up.
at least 30 ethiopian christians appear to have been beheaded and shot by isis in new propaganda video. video shows militants holding two separate groups of men captive in south and west of libya. at least 16 men are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are marched down a beach.   video shows men being held at the neck and forced to kneel before being shot at point-blank range. ethiopia was unable to confirm its citizens were killed in the footage but condemned the 'atrocious act'   it raises fears that isis is consolidating its presence on the 'doorstep of europe'
the 500ft-long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk, 620 miles north of moscow. defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed. the emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out.
eidur gudjohnsen opened the scoring for bolton in the 55th minute at the cardiff city stadium. craig davies scored a brace in the 73rd minute to ensure bolton claimed all three points. emile heskey provided two assists for the bolton midfielder.
novak djokovic beat rafael nadal 6-3, 6- 3 to reach the monte carlo masters final. the world no 1 is bidding to win his third masters title in a row. tomas berdych has reached the final for the first time in his career.
james hook hopes to showcase his ability in the european challenge cup final against edinburgh on friday. the gloucester fly-half hasn't given up on earning a wales recall for this summer's world cup. hook has made just two starts for wales since the last world cup in 2011. the 29-year-old claims it will be 'a bonus' if wales call for his services.
man was apparently beheaded by isis militants in hama, syria, for being an alleged 'blasphemer' series of photos show man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded. his beheading is believed to have taken place in front of a meat cleaver. it is the latest images released by the militant group which is using propaganda to attract new recruits.
victoria police told daily mail australia police are still investigating belle gibson over claims she faked her cancer battles. consumer affairs victoria said the investigation is continuing. it comes after reports police had dropped the investigation. victoria police explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against the whole pantry founder. ms gibson has expressed concern over her family's safety after her son's childcare details were allegedly posted online.
fire departments were called to a fire  just west of grand valley state university in michigan after an april fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke. fire officials said one of the apartment building's residents threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire. no one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
military leaders in norway are growing concerned after three russian warships spent the winter docked in closed naval base. they are worried about presence on'strategically important' coastline and perceived show of strength from moscow. the olavsvern naval base has been closed since 2009 and is buried in mountainous terrain. experts have criticised the shutting down of the base which was once a heavily guarded military facility.
andreas lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name'skydevil'   german aviation regulators say they were never made aware of pilot's mental health issues. european regulators warned germany's aviation authority of inadequacies with health check-ups. lufthansa said it did not know about pilot's medical background prior to the crash.
harriet arkell has tested out the best of the best hot cross buns on offer this easter. queen elizabeth tried to ban them but was forced to accept they are prime easter treat. queen's favourite is the white cross bun with orange marmalade and a glaze.
stephen mcdonald, of newcastle university business school, analysed pay-by-job system. he found car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers. but insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who have male-dominated jobs. gender equality rules came into effect from december 2012.
delrea good of portage, indiana was charged with resisting arrest after she didn't immediately pull over for a cop on a dark county road. good was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone and was speeding. she was driving by herself on the dark country road and didn't think it was a safe place to stop. good is a nurse with no criminal history and says she was arrested because she hit the brakes a half a mile down the road from the cop. good said the cop was enraged with her and charged her with a felony. good has no previous criminal record and says her lawyer is representing her free of charge because he feels her arrest was a 'travesty of
e customers will be able to pick up free portable chargers from shops to keep their phones charged. ee says 60 per cent of smartphone users found their battery would not last a full day. the chargers will be free to ee customers and other smartphone owners.
astronomers have used a telescope in new mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years. two images were taken 18 years apart, the first in 1996 and the other in 2014. the star is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun. the images show the change in shape of a hot wind from the star as it takes shape.
binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain, putting young people at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism. alcohol causes changes in the dna in brain cells, causing changes in behaviour. but researchers discovered a cancer drug may be able to reverse the changes.
bill and hillary clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for secret service agents when they vacationed in the dominican republic over the new year's holiday. the power couple stayed with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at casa de campo, a private dominican resort they own. new jersey sen. bob menendez and his wealthy donor dr. salomon melgen are both accused of corruption. the clintons spent the first part of their holiday at punta cana, a different resort, but later shifted to the same one. the former president and his wife were photographed at both resorts.
new england patriots quarterback tom brady updated his facebook page on wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast. kelly ripa and husband mark consuelos co-hosted live! with kelly and michael. google revealed a mirror-image version of its homepage. miz mooz introduced'selfie shoes' to cash in on the narcissistic fashion. teach for america announced that zayn malik is joining them as a teacher.
u.s. coffee giant is being probed by european commission over methods it used to lower tax bills. it paid just £1.9million in tax to dutch government, from a reported £300million profit. starbucks ran its europeans division through netherlands - including uk - but paid no tax on profits. it is now claimed the company may have used a british company to put money into the uk.
the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations being handled by commanding officers. former tech. sgt. jennifer smith, who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in iraq, brought forward the songbook and she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012. the 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including pubic hair, the kotex song and bestiality.
dash-cam footage shows red dodge durango hurtling at 60 mph towards the school bus in tulsa, oklahoma. 36 7th grade students on board were driving to school at 8.20am on monday. five of the pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene. the 44-year-old driver of the suv, a man with a history of seizures, had to be cut out of the wreckage. he is in a serious condition in hospital.
steven allison, 37, was on the run for a year after being jailed for sexually assaulting two women. he fled to australia after failing to appear in court for the attacks. he was uploading pictures of himself in australian and writing about his former life in yorkshire. police and colleagues in australsia and canberra tracked him down through his facebook posts. allison was serving a 30 month jail sentence for the crimes and had been living in sydney, canberra.
some 5,000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year, making it a bigger killer than road accidents. 20 tradespeople die each week as a result of past exposure to the substance. award-winning artist joe joiner, from east london, has created a moving art installation. over 50 families have contributed heartfelt messages to the installation. created as part of hse's beware asbestos campaign.
ukip source revealed party had initially planned for farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis. but it was discovered antiretroviral drugs to treat people with hiv were more expensive. mr farage was greeted with silence when he said 60 per cent of hiv patients are born abroad. ukip first mp douglas carswell refused to endorse the remarks.
thomas brock, 30, was fatally shot at his home in pasadena, california, after road rage incident. police say he was involved in a fight with another motorist and followed to his home. the alleged killer returned to the property with a gun and killed the father of four. brothers steven and jacob rodriguez have both been charged with capital murder.
the mother was stuck in traffic behind president obama's motorcade on the interstate 65 north in louisville, kentucky, on thursday. a nurse who was also in traffic helped the mother through the delivery. the mother and her baby boy were taken to hospital and are in good health.
celebrity chef's fat duck was named the eighth best restaurant in the world in the annual poll by luxury travel magazine elite traveler. dinner by heston blumenthal's mandarin oriental hyde park came in at number 25 on the list. raymond blanc's le manoir aux quat' saisons also made it into the top 100. the us has 19 of the best restaurants and france has 14. grant achatz's chicago restaurant alinea is the best restaurant for the fourth year running.
dan bilzerian was forced into making a short film about responsible gun ownership to avoid jail. he was arrested after being accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor and shooting them. bureau of land management agreed not to jail him, but fined him $10,000 for making the film. he spoke from a desk in his lavish home, complete with gun candle holder and action figurine of himself. he warned people to 'be responsible' when shooting exploding targets and warned of the dangers of 'jail'    he has a following of 7million people on instagram where he is known for posting images of supermodels, cars, and wild parties.
teachers warn schools are struggling to cope with influx of children arriving unable to speak english. union conference heard schools are forced to use google translate to make lesson plans in other languages. english-speaking children are not getting their ‘fair share’ of attention from teachers. one in six primary school pupils do not have english as their first language.
barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo. the meat was slaughtered according to islamic law and was perfectly fit for consumption. it is believed the chicken was destined for the thousands of starving refugees in war-torn syria. the food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes suggested it was produced in the u.s.
påhoj was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz. it clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment. it has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall. the product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known.
kyle knox, 23, from london, was last seen at 10am on monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high ben nevis. he failed to return to his accommodation in the fort william area of the scottish highlands. officers believe he set off on the mountain alone, despite 70mph winds and rain. searches of the area were called off in darkness last night but have resumed today.
kansas republican gov. sam brownback signed the 'kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act' on tuesday. the law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortions'   it takes effect july 1. the governor has signed at least 20 laws restricting the practice of abortion.
london mayor praised the coalition for having kept down unemployment and not returning to dole queues of 1980s. boris johnson is standing to be a tory mp in a west london constituency. labour’s stephen pound accused the mayor of 'breath-taking cheek'
hagrid the lamb is thought to be the biggest ever lamb born in the uk, measuring 14inches tall and weighing 25lbs. he was born on tuesday at a farm in gelston near grantham in lincolnshire weighing the same as a toddler. the lamb was born naturally and his mother is making a good recovery. his owners believe he may be the largest lamb ever born at 25lbs at the farm.
lorraine bracco, 60, was originally asked by show creator david chase to play the role of carmela soprano in the sopranos. she turned down the role because she had already played a mobster's wife in goodfellas nine years earlier. she wanted to play dr. jennifer melfi, tony's psychiatrist. chase cast edie falco instead.
anthony horowitz said books by comedian are ‘witty and entertaining’ but nowhere near ambitious enough. he singled out walliams’ gangsta granny and diary of a wimpy kid books by jeff kinney for criticism. author was the uk’s top-selling children's author last year and made £7million from book sales. he insisted writers should challenge their young readers and not be ‘afraid of powerful stories’
detective patrick cherry of the nypd's joint terrorism task force has lost his badge and gun and will be placed on modified duty. cherry was caught on video screaming at an uber driver after he tried to park his unmarked car in new york. the officer was in plainclothes and trying to park when the driver honked his horn. cherry pulled over the cab and launched a tirade at the driver, calling him a 'd***'   cherry was returning from a visit with his colleague detective harry hill, who had recently had a heart attack.
kevin bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion for running a'revenge porn' website. he charged victims to remove nude images and their personal information from the website. more than 10,000 images of women were posted on the site. some of the victims have now spoken out and said that they no longer feel ashamed of having the images posted. bollaart, from san diego, california, was charged with running the website and charged victims $250 to $350 to remove the images.
the 44-year-old academy award winner was at barnes & noble bookstore at the grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'randi rhodes ninja detective'   before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust. spencer won a best supporting actress oscar for her role as minnie jackson, a maid, in 'the help'
barbara walters says that the former white house intern would be a 'run away success' on the view. walters believes that monica lewinsky could reignite interest in the ratings-challenged show. the view has taken a ratings dive since walters created the show in 1997. the show has been without a co-host since rosie o'donnell's departure.
labour shadow chancellor unveiled poster claiming voters had lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes under the coalition. but prime minister hailed today as'money-back monday' with raft of tax changes. predicted a conservative government would hike vat and cut top rate of tax for earnings over £150,000. mr cameron claims labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family'   but tory treasury minister david gauke hit back with accusation labour has a secret plan to boost revenues.
john chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in england, major us cities, and sandy beaches in australia. chapple, originally from north devon, first worked as a news and showbusiness photographer before he got into landscape photography. he uses a film camera to capture the images.
sen. rand paul will announce his candidacy for president on april 7 in louisville, kentucky. paul's father, former texas rep. ron paul, is a self-described libertarian who has a reputation for being out of touch with the gop. the only other major republican candidate so far is tea party darling sen. ted cruz, an evangelical christian who is already in the race. he will launch his campaign with the populist slogan 'defeat the washington machine'   paul has been criticized for softening some of his stances on foreign policy, and for trying to position himself as an 'outsider' to win over centrist republic
rspca inspectors were called after complaints from neighbours in lawrence weston, bristol. one horse was found living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around. the other was chained to the ground in a muddy garden at the side of a house. both horses have now been moved after a warning from the rspca.
two-bedroom terraced property in snodland, kent, was first rented by len and beatrice barnes in november 1915. couple raised their son and three daughters in the house before it was passed to freda when they died. it was put on the market for £164,500 and is used by five generations of the same family. howard knott, son of hilda, is now selling the house after his mother died in december.
andreas lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit door security on tablet computer found at his apartment. second black box from germanwings flight was found in 'usable' condition and 'in good condition'    it was reported lubtz told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying. he was prescribed anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn of risk of suicide.
jean wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed and his brother marc, 15, has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in miami on monday. jean's brother was arrested after he allegedly threatened to kill a police officer . anthony rodriguez, 19, was charged with second-degree murder and drug possession for his alleged role in the shooting. the two boys' mother is roxanne dubé, the recently appointed canadian consul general in miami, who is also their father's ex-husband. dube's son marc plans to plead not guilty if charges are brought against him.
defence secretary michael fallon claims ed miliband is'so desperate' for power he is willing to weaken uk's nuclear deterrent. claims labour leader is 'willing to trade away britain's deterrent' to win support from snp.   tories pledge to build a £100billion fleet of four new trident nuclear missile submarines to replace existing fleet. mr miliband says the conservative campaign has 'descended into the gutter' and david cameron'should be ashamed'
hernandez, 25, has pleaded not guilty to shooting  odin lloyd five times in the chest and back in june 2013. the former new england patriots tight end was dating his fiancee's sister. the prosecution has rested after two months and more than 100 witnesses. the defense team is expected to wrap up quickly before the jury delivers a verdict.
george osborne said labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and national insurance. he said ed balls and ed miliband have 'done it all before - and they would do it again'    ed balls accused of inventing an extraordinary claim about a senior tory. mr cameron will say there is just one month to save britain from 'disaster' of a miliband government.
boobesh palani, 26, passed away at wellington hospital with his friends by his side. mr palani was rescued from wellington harbour by two teenage girls on monday night. cousins kelly mckay, 15, and payge olds, 16, swam 70 metres out to sea to save the man. police appealed to the public to help identify the man after he was found unconscious in the water. police released a picture of mrpalani in his hospital bed in the hopes the public could help identify him. mrs palani died in new zealand with his family and friends at his side . he was a 26-year-old student from
aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen. hopes of getting aid into the country by tomorrow are fading as they seek clearance from saudi-led military coalition. coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran-backed shi'ite houthis. it is thought more than 500 people have been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen - but the red cross has not been able to gain entry. pakistan is currently in talks about whether to enter the conflict - but country's political leaders are urging diplomacy.
marina lyons, 80, took dog rosie for surgery to remove her spleen after scan detected a suspected tumour. when she returned home she discovered bruising on the dog's back. vet told her it was from the operation and said it was caused by a heat pad. after taking dog for a second opinion she discovered third degree burns on her back. dog had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn.
shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction in kawasaki, japan. participants pray to a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections. the festival started nearly 40 years ago at the phallus-shaped kanayama shrine. participants carry phalluses of all different sizes through the streets of the city.
since monday, over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy an annuity. pension firms said britons remained baffled about how the radical changes worked. many unaware of age restrictions or tax implications of the pension reforms. treasury pulled the plug on television adverts promoting government's pensions helpline.
sudheer khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife, smita haval kham itkar, and their two sons arnav, 10 and arush, 6, at their home in tulsa, oklahoma. the bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check after the mother failed to show up for work or call in sick. police are still searching for a motive for the murder-suicide.
pm david cameron visited a primary school near bolton to unveil new tory education policy. he wants to see children who get poor sats results forced to resit them in secondary school. the prime minister shared a joke with six-year-old lucy howarth during a reading lesson. labour's shadow education secretary tristram hunt dismissed the proposal as 'desperate'   100,000 pupils would take a new test in english and maths during first year after leaving primary school.
'remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of banks' profits between 2011 and 2014. banks set aside £4.7billion to compensate customers and £2.3billion to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets. bill has been driven by payment protection insurance scandal. but uk's strengthening economy has driven 72 per cent drop in losses from bad loans.
david cameron was filmed at home with his family for an itv profile due to be aired tonight. prime minister is teased for appearing to confuse disney film frozen for a book. his wife samantha cameron told the itv show that the family often teased the prime minister over breakfast.
image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of marilyn monroe over a picture of albert einstein. at normal viewing distance, healthy eyes should be able to pick up the fine lines on einstein's face. but as the distance increases, the brain processes the image differently. hybrid optical illusions can be created by moving closer or farther away from the screen.
researcher says a 'bone flute' found in slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks. the bone was believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in europe. the cave bear femur was found in 1995 at the divje babe archaeological park. but new analysis says that many bones found in caves can simply be attributed to animals around 30,000 years ago, not neanderthals.
police in the southern state of santa catarina busted the gang's lair. the dog laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back. picture of the dog and gang members has since gone viral in brazil. police recovered a substantial quantity of cocaine and marijuana at the scene.
pelvic organ prolapse, or pop, occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs becomes weak. up to half of women are thought to suffer from the condition. many women are offered hysterectomy as the solution to a prolapse. a sacrohysteropexy is a half-hour keyhole procedure that uses an implanted mesh'sling' to hold the womb back in place. just 1,072 admissions for the surgery in the past three years.
researchers from london and edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts. it uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (nlg)   it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our tv screens. if the project is successful a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the mailonline's website.
jennifer drew, 31, has saved £17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. mother-of-one estimates she saves £70 on her weekly shop by using coupons and money-saving websites. she once managed to buy a week's worth of food for 29p - and even bags items she doesn't need and gives them to friends. she has so many products and groceries that they fill a room of her house and garage.
self-made multi-millionaire bought three-bedroom glasgow townhouse after splitting from husband michael in december 2011. she paid £780,700 for the duplex off-plan in city's upmarket park circus area and moved into it in 2013. ms mone will now move back into five-bedroom mansion in thorntonhall, lanarkshire, after agreeing a deal with her ex-husband. she split from michael after 19-year marriage and has a £2million flat in mayfair.
protesters mounted admiralty arch, which joins trafalgar square with the mall, and called for others to join them. banners bearing housing messages were seen hanging from the grade-i listed building. garbled message posted on facebook simply calls for 'christmas lights... any and all radical/revolutionary messages'   group said they got into the building overnight by climbing through an unlocked window.
audrey dimitrew, 16, of virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 chantilly juniors club but was benched first two tournaments of the season. she was told by coaches she did not have the skills to compete with her team. audrey was offered a transfer to another club, nv premier, but the league said she could not transfer. she and her family have filed a lawsuit against the league, chesapeake region volleyball association, seeking for audrey to transfer teams.
the self-proclaimed kidnapper behind the gone girl abduction of denise huskins says he will turn himself in . this is the vallejo police department and spokesman lt. kenny park. he says his co-conspirators should be given immunity from prosecution. this comes one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax. the group claimed they monitored huskins' boyfriend aaron quinn after the kidnapping so he would not go to police. they claim they drilled a hole in the window of huskins and quinn's home and used squirt guns to take her.
prime minister david cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won'    but pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be ed miliband or cameron in the top job after votes are cast.   none of the seven leaders delivered a 'killer line' to stand out from the rest.
samantha giufre, 19, spent months in hospital after being dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter on september 7, 2014. she suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain. samantha was dragged along the street in casula, south-west of sydney, after being abandoned in a street. one man has been charged in relation to the incident, basher hawchar, 18, but police are searching for others. ms gifre said her life has been 'destroyed' by the attack and she is now blind in one eye and has limited vision in the other.
defence minister gen nakatani told mps there has been no violation of japanese airspace by extra-terrestrials. he told parliament no government studies into alien invasions were under way. japan's war planes can be scrambled when there is a report of an unidentified flying object.
daniel hall jr was walking down the street in centre point, alabama, when he was shot in the stomach. a stray bullet was intended for an aggressive dog and narrowly missed his liver. the 10-year-old was rushed to hospital and underwent emergency surgery. a man was chased by the dog and a third person tried to shoot at it. but stray bullets hit danel and a second man in the buttocks.
lady penelope and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds. in a nod to 21st-century political correctness, there are also more women and several multicultural characters added. lady penelope is this time voiced by gone girl actress rosamund pike. she has lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a more modern, dressed down lady secret agent.
one of the most widespread 'food rules' may actually be a myth. the five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up food off the floor. experts say there's no such thing as a 'five second rule' and it's a myth . more than 4.1 million cases of food poisoning are diagnosed in australia every year. the food safety information council says dry foods are less hazardous than wet foods.
james schoenfeld, 63, was granted parole by the state board of parole hearings on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing him. he was one of three men who kidnapped 26 children and their bus driver ed ray in chowchilla, california in 1976. the kidnappers were inspired by the 1971 clint eastwood film dirty harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus for ransom. schoenfield and his brother, richard, and a friend, fred woods, kidnapped the children and kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while they negotiated a $5million ransom. all three men were sentenced to life in prison.
saturday night live sketch show parodied the daytime cnn newsroom - and its abysmal animations. cnn had no footage for some of the stories, so writers created their own. sketches mocked germanwings crash, u.s.-iran diplomacy, and domestic politics. donald trump spoke out against the skit, calling it 'disgusting'
jon huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the fifty shades of grey effect at his hotel westward ho! in folkestone, kent. he hopes to attract guests from the gay and swinging communities to his business. he plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at the hotel. he has been in a dispute with shepway district council over the use of the building.
the painting, titled 'bomb damage,' was drawn on a metal door that formed the last remaining part of a two-story house in northern gaza. rabie dardouna, 33, said he has been tricked into selling the door to a local artist for just £100. he is unaware that banksy's works are usually valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds. the gaza artist who bought the door, belal khaled, says he did not mean to trick the family.
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park at 9.30am on good friday. a family saw a boy matching luke's description walking near the devils river on sunday. luke has been missing for four days and police remain hopeful he is still alive. the 11-year-old is autistic and may not even know he is lost. police and emergency crews continue to search thick bushland around lake eildon in victoria.
geraldine alcorn, 29, of pittsburgh, waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl's legal custody. prosecutors allege alcorn encrypted her phone number on the 11-year-old's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even spoke of adopting her. alcorn resigned from her job at a local elementary school last month.
dark.cyanide goes by the name of a teenager who climbs up some of the city's tallest buildings to capture the perfect photograph. the 18-year-old describes himself as an 'urban historian' and scales skyscrapers without ropes or harnesses. he says the tallest building he has ever scaled was 72 storeys above street level. many of the vertigo-inducing images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the streets of manhattan.
genes for good is a facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users. it was set up by biostatisticians from the university of michigan and is available for free to people aged over 18 in the us. users can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes. sending a spit sample is voluntary, and users only become eligible once they have completed 15 health surveys. the app is only currently open to people with a valid mailing address in the uk.
summer michelle hansen, 32, was sentenced on friday to three years in state prison and must also register as a sex offender for life. hansen entered a guilty plea in february to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with five male students. she was a special education teacher at centennial high school in california. if she had been convicted at trial, hansen would have faced 13 years in prison. parents of the victims were disappointed that the judge approved hansen's plea agreement, as she could have faced up to 13 years. the crimes took place between 2012 and 2013.
sydneysiders missed out on the lunar eclipse on saturday night due to wet and cloudy weather. the event was predicted to be one of the shortest lunar eclipses of the century. weather warnings were issued for brisbane, darwin, canberra and hobart. melbourne and adelaide residents had a spectacular view of the 'blood moon' as it lit up the sky. the eclipse began at 10.58pm and finished at 11pm.
louis jordan, 37, was picked up by a german-flagged ship off the north carolina coast on thursday. he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, angel, 200 miles east of cape hatteras. he took off from a marina in south carolina on january 23 to go fishing . he survived by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil. jordan was airlifted to a hospital with a broken collarbone and dehydration and was released on friday.
tutti rouge's jessica comes in a range of sizes from a 28d to a 38hh cup size. features removable 'cookies' to add extra volume to the plunge bra. ashley james, who starred in made in chelsea, models the bold collection.
chloe the wombat has mistaken her new echidna friend for a pillow at taronga zoo in sydney. she recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas at the zoo. chloe's mother was killed by a car earlier this year. she is now one-year-old and lives attaronga zoo. she has become zoo keeper evelyn weston's little helper and follows her around the grounds.
abc has asked big bang theory co-creator bill prady to mastermind the revival of the show. pilot episode is due to be filmed next weekend at disney studio in burbank, california. muppets tonight ended in 1998. new series will feature kermit the frog, miss piggy, fozzie bear and gonzo.
marylin stoneman had been entrusted with vulnerable victim's financial affairs after he went into care home. 64-year-old began withdrawing up to £200 a day to fund her gambling addiction. she admitted stealing £22,650 but was ordered to pay back just £1,350 of the stolen funds. she was handed a suspended sentence of two years with 200 hours of unpaid work at leicester crown court.
kennel club says seemingly harmless foods such as hot cross buns and onions can be killers. around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning by vets between 2010 and 2014. painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate.
former england footballer gary lineker labelled head of ukip a 'd***' during tv election debate. mr farage said people with hiv should not be welcomed into britain for treatment. ed miliband also came under fire for his performance in the debate.
patrons at a bar opening at resorts world casino, near jfk airport in queens, new york, turned on one another at 10pm. four people were arrested, and police say the violence was gang-related. the brawl spilled out into the parking lots and onto the street.
lt. col. anthony shaffer said bowe bergdahl 'had afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the taliban'   the former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 naval criminal investigative service investigation . he was charged this week with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy.
eu has been investigating us search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses dominance in europe. eu's top antitrust authority asks companies who have filed complaints to publish them. google could be fined up to ten per cent of annual revenues if found to have been behaving unfairly. proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions .
michelle obama and jimmy fallon appeared on the tonight show on thursday night to celebrate the fifth anniversary of michelle's anti-childhood obesity campaign. the first lady and fallon performed the evolution of mom dancing part 2, a follow-up routine to one they did in 2013. michelle launched the lets move! initiative to encourage parents to get moving with their children.
borden family burial monument at oak grove cemetery in fall river, massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint. borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in 1892. the vandalism was discovered on monday, the day after a lifetime miniseries, the lizzie bordens chronicles, premiered.
internet companies will have to reveal names, ip addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film the dallas buyers club online illegally. the identity of over 4,700 individuals will be provided to the copyright holder of the film. the federal court of australia ordered internet companies to reveal the ip addresses of account holders. justice nye perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the film's copyright holder could claim.
saturday’s total lunar eclipse will be visible in the skies of north america, asia and australia. it was predicted in the bible and could hint at a world-changing event, according to one us pastor. the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons and will turn the moon red. but nasa says the change in hue is harmless.
french health chiefs say uk is responsible for sharp rise in number of youngsters who binge-drink. almost half of french 18 to 25-year-olds have consumed alcohol solely to get drunk. officials claim binge drinking is an 'anglo-saxon phenomenon' and is being copied by youths.
only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the uk in 2040 under proposal. lib dem leader nick clegg wants to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by eight months. party announced a £100million 'prize' for car companies who build the first low emission vehicle.
the signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families. research from nasuwt union shows majority of teachers are verbally abused by pupils. 82 per cent of 3,500 members polled were verbally abused in the last 12 months, up from 52 per cent.
14 of the uk's top cake artists created the eggs as part of a feature for cake masters magazine. each egg measures 30cm high and is made from edible cake and sugar work. they were inspired by faberge's famous jewelled eggs and feature in this month's edition of the magazine.
maxwell morton, 16, has been charged with murder in the death of 16-year-old ryan mangan, who was found dead at his home on february 4. morton allegedly shot mangan in the face and then took a selfie of himself posing with his body. police say morton confessed to shooting mangan after police found a 9mm handgun hidden in the basement of his jeannette, pennsylvania, home.   morton's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys.
mike heatlie, 42, launched the violent attack on fiona mccartney, 43, outside a nightclub in edinburgh. claims to have helped train gwen stefani before her 2009 u.s. tour. she is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home. heatlie pleaded guilty at edinburgh sheriff court to the attack and is due to be sentenced.
reality tv star and glamour model unveils summer collection with honeyz.com in full. inspired by seventies influence of ss15 catwalks. says launching her own range is a 'dream come true' and models all of the clothes herself. she has also designed accessories for the collection.
kecil the baby orangutan was moved to brookfield zoo after his natural mother and a surrogate mother rejected him. he has been raising for the past ten months with second surrogate mother maggie, 53, at chicago zoo. kecil will go on display for the first time this weekend at the zoo's tropic world asia enclosure.
lawyers claim french media endangered the lives of hostages by revealing their location live on air. amedy coulibaly stormed into the hyper cacher jewish store, killing four and taking others captive.   images broadcast from the store 'lacked basic precautions' and endangered those still alive inside.
nick cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of his 15-year-old daughter blanca cousins. blanca fell to her death from 19th floor apartment in hong kong on tuesday morning. it is alleged british businessman nick cousins and his wife grace garcia cousins, 53, never registered the births of her and her sister carla, 14. mr cousins was released on bail pending police inquiries but faces the prospect of losing a second daughter to social services. he is 'distraught' and says his wife remains in police custody over claims she overstayed her visa by 20 years.
diwalinen vankar, 58, went to wash clothes in the vishwamitri river in west india with her 19-year-old daughter kanta. a crocodile grabbed her leg and dragged her into the murky river. she tried to pull her free but the crocodile was too strong and dragged her into the water. it took her 10 minutes to fight off the 13ft crocodile by hitting it with a wooden washing paddle. kanta suffered a leg injury and was taken to hospital but survived the attack.
prisoner syed viqaruddin asked police van to stop in a deserted area to take him to the toilet. but another prisoner tried to grab a rifle from a policeman and try to escape. police opened fire and killed all five men - one of 17 officers guarding the truck. all had links to a network of feared terrorist groups, police say. two days ago two terror suspects and a police constable were killed in gun battle in the same state.
andy murray beat tomas berdych 6-4, 6- 4 to reach the miami open final. the world no 4 will face novak djokovic in the final of the masters 1000 evnt on sunday. murray will face the czech in a repeat of their australian open semi-final in january.
beatrize carrion-moore, 23, is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times. police were called to boonies bar in west palm beach, florida, on friday night. she was offering oral sex in exchange for money and refusing to leave the bar. the bar manager said she was 'extremely intoxicated'   she was charged with trespassing after warning, resisting arrest with violence and battery on a police officer.
ben morgan has not played since breaking his left leg playing against saracens in january. the gloucester no 8 is hopeful of featuring for england at the forthcoming world cup. morgan underwent final surgery to remove a pin from his leg. the 26-year-old broke his leg playing in the aviva premiership.
raymond frolander, 18, was beaten to a pulp by furious father after he walked in on him performing sexual act on son, 11. he was beaten unconscious by the father at his home in daytona beach, florida, last july. after his arrest, police released mugshot of frolander with black bruises and lacerations to face. defendant pleaded no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12 . as part of the plea deal, frolander will be listed as sexual predator, be on probation and undergo electronic monitoring .
the queen arrived at sheffield cathedral for the traditional royal maundy service in a turquoise coat by stewart parvin. she was joined by the duke of edinburgh and prince philip. the then princess elizabeth was pictured at the service eighty years ago at westminster abbey in 1935. monarchs have been presenting alms since 1210 and the queen was eight when she first attended the service.
blue tit collected moss, grass and straw to line a nest in a damaged street light near copenhagen, denmark. the bird usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest. jeanette rosenquist, 47, was on her way to work when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post.
pilots of qatar airways flight landed at birmingham airport on monday night after severe winds foiled two landing attempts at manchester. police were first called to birmingham after passengers started 'kicking off'   officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark. some passengers claimed they had been waiting in the airport for up to 24 hours.
haley mulholland became suspicious husband kevin was having an affair after reading his facebook page. she put him on a lifelong sex ban until he admitted the truth. kevin took a lie detector test on the jeremy kyle show and admitted to cheating. haley and kevin still share a house but he has to sleep on the sofa. the mother-of-eight monitors her husband's movements, checks his phone and even smells his perfume.
dr milton wainwright claims he has new evidence of 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above earth's stratosphere. he says the organisms test positive for dna, and have masses'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle'   his research has been widely dismissed by the scientific community as being backed by poor and flimsy evidence.
a new study says students on computer science and dentistry courses at british universities are less likely to have had sex. 11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex . nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins. art and sociology pupils were most likely to say they had had sex, with just one per cent. 22% of students didn't lose their virginity until they were 18 years old.
jose alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow in eastern argentina. prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow. the rotting remains of the shepherd were discovered after neighbours called the council. he was found in a long-haired wig and lipstick.
steven abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the house of commons in october last year. he then threw the glass balls from the public gallery but they missed mps and hit a security screen. he was given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour.
tong shao, 20, was found dead in her toyota camry on september 26 in iowa city. her body was found stuffed in the trunk of her car and police believe she had been in the car for three weeks. she was a chemical engineering student at iowa state university. her boyfriend, xiangnan li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case. he is believed to have been the last person to see her alive before she went missing. police say an arrest warrant has reportedly been issued for li, the boyfriend of tong shao. li bought a one-way ticket to china in the days after she was last seen alive
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over the world exposing the 'awful' things parents do to their children. most of the photos show children crying over the small details of life. the hashtag is a spoof of the instagram hashtag #parentingfails.
the gilmore gas station was a backdrop for the shenanigans of steve martin and eddie murphy. it was abandoned in the 1990s and left to vandals and graffiti artists. coffee giant starbucks bought the garage in los angeles last year and have now turned it into a drive through coffee shop. opened in 1935, the building was listed as a cultural monument in 1992, but was abandoned.
half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat, with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have tried diets . half of children say they are bullied for being 'ugly' or 'not good looking'   'hot-or-not' videos are being played out in children’s bedrooms across the country. i worry youngsters internalise and start bullying themselves.
inscriptions were found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the somme. photographer jeff gusky has tallied 1,821 individual names: 731 australians, 339 british, 55 americans and 662 others.
a 26-year-old employee at ceva logistics in michigan secretly delivered a baby in a bathroom stall at work, stuffed the newborn inside her bag and resumed her duties. staff at the international company had no idea she was pregnant until tuesday morning. the newborn baby was later pronounced dead. the unnamed mother was a temp worker at the company.
the hospital of dolls, or ospedale delle bambole, was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago in rome, italy. it was set up by federico and his mother gelsomina to restore dolls in need of repair. every member of federico's family has worked in the small shop, which is known as the doll hospital. some of the toys have been left to rot in the studio, while others are painstakingly restored.
scar booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposes onto selfies. makers say 'friends and family will be convinced you have suffered a painful beating'   anti-violence charities have accused the app of'making a mockery' of abuse and 'glorifying violence'
45-year-old man underwent 27-hour operation at vall d'hebron hospital in barcelona to reconstruct his lower face and neck. doctors say it was the world's most complex face transplant to date and took a team of 45 medical staff to complete. the man, who did not want to be identified, is now living a normal life. he had suffered a condition called arteriovenous malformation for 20 years.
little foot was found in the 1990s in south africa and is 3.7 million years old. lived at roughly the same time as australopithecus prometheus and lucy. had gorilla-like facial features but upright and strong with powerful hands for climbing. was a member of the same species as modern apes.
the cable company complained to the better business bureau's national advertising division that the ads featured a number of false claims. the watchdog ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated. the series of ads, which launched last october, featured 80s heartthrob rob lowe.
anthropologists from cambridge university and oxford brookes university say modern humans may have carried infectious diseases to europe as they migrated out of africa. neanderthals may have succumbed to diseases such as tuberculosis, typhoid and the common cold. modern humans are thought to have wiped out our prehistoric cousins 30,000 years ago. but new research suggests they may have been infected by modern humans' diseases.
clare hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years. she was told to have surgery to remove the benign tumour. one week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant. doctors warned her to keep the baby and give birth to her son noah. ms hines suffered three seizures during labour and doctors had to perform an emergency caesarean. seven weeks after her son was born she underwent surgery to have the tumour removed. she has since returned to the uk to live with her family and raise her son.
pete evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain, sumo salad. the food chain maintains that the decision was not related to evans' recent paleo controversies. evans announced his baby cookbook 'bubba yum yum: the paleo way' will be self-published this month. this comes after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns.
researchers in the us and italy say dna-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago. they believe primitive dna could have self-organised to form chemical chains. this could have led to life evolving into complex organisms.
trading standards officials in buckinghamshire and surrey raised the alarm over the chinese made decorations. eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats. they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules'   the eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the easter break.
rebecca eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old larry tipton, at her off-campus apartment in oxford, ohio on sunday morning. the day before her murder, she called police to her apartment to protect her from her ex-boyfriend. police officers left after she told them she was okay to handle the situation on her own. the next morning, her roommates called police and found her body in her bed and a suicide note from her boyfriend. larry tipton shot her twice and then turned the gun on himself.
james ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife gillian nelson, 34, who died after complications arose with birth of son wesley. he was called to princess royal university hospital in bromley, kent, at 3.45am after she had gone in to labour. miss nelson was 'delirious and spaced out' following the birth, according to her husband. she had multiple cardiac arrests and was taken to theatre for a hysterectomy.
almost all the highly secretive officials overseeing the day-to-day running of isis are former members of saddam hussein's baathist army. almost all of the regional commanders appointed by isis' leader abu bakr al-baghdadi played prominent roles in the late iraqi dictator's military before the 2003 invasion of iraq. the ex-baathists' connections with oil smugglers are crucial to the group's £2 billion-a-year income.
the dome-like hue go can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device via the philips hue app. lamp uses a rechargeable battery and offers up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge. it can also be used as a sleep aid and an alarm clock. lamp will cost $100 when it goes on sale in the us from june.
scott suggs, 28, and brandy kangas, 36, were arrested after police received anonymous tip about welfare of 17-month-old son and two daughters, aged three and four. children were locked in room in fredericksburg, virginia, and fed through homemade 'gate' for 24 hours a day. room was stained with human urine and feces and had gate through which children were fed. couple pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect, but have been spared jail. both handed six-year suspended sentences, 10 years of 'good behavior' and supervised probation.
chiroractor gertrude pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $100 in butte, montana. the illicit market started in the 1920s and grew until the 1950s. many of the children who were given up for adoption are still looking for answers. they have formed a group called gertie's babies who are using dna to trace their biological families.   they believe there are many more people who were sold to the black market for the same price in montana .
huw davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years. he has a geography degree and three a-levels, but has not even been called for an interview. the geography graduate has applied for more than 500 jobs but has been unable to secure a job. he graduated from the university of glamorgan in 2002 with a bsc (hons) degree. the 34-year-old has moved three times to work, but all the jobs have been on short, fixed-term contracts.
carole maggio is the creator of facercise. she's a celebrity and royal beauty expert. sarah is a 57-year-old mother-of-two who loves to work on her face. she tried out her new facial exercises to see if they helped her look younger.   she found the exercises left her face as sore as her glutes.
faith and hope howie were dubbed the miracle twins when they were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces. the conjoined twin sisters died after just 19 days. they were buried at pinegrove memorial park in sydney's west. their family and friends had built a small shrine at their gravesite. when they arrived on thursday to leave mementos and flowers they found the baby section of the gravesite completely bare. faith and hope's parents, simon howie and renee young, confronted staff from the cemetery and were told they had been told it would be cleaned.
3,118 unidentified applicants were accepted as freshmen by the university of florida in gainesville for the fall. they had sent in applications for traditional first-year slots at the public college. but accepted on condition they agreed to take online classes for a year. classes are part of a new program - the pathway to campus enrollment - which aims to accommodate a higher number of students. the students who were accepted to the university had not applied to the program.
isis entered the yarmouk camp as jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the syrian side between rebels and government forces. militants reportedly entered the camp from the nearby hajar aswad neighborhood in damascus. it is believed to be a coordinated attack with rivals in the nusra front. the palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years.
sabrina broadbent tetzner, 32, fled the flds sect headed by convicted rapist warren jeffs eight years ago and was granted full custody of her four children. she tried to pick up her children from their aunt's home last week and was met by 600 cult members physically barring the reunion. police had to pry the children from the home and take them back to their mother's home.
clare goldwin admits she will sometimes fork out for boden's clothes for her daughter but not herself. she doesn't want to be labelled a boden 'yummy mummy'    the mother-of-two admits she avoids the company's traditional cotton shifts and floral prints.
news anchor jackie ward shared the story of shay stewart-bouley, a blogger who writes about race, and her family when a white man yelled a racial slur at them in portland, maine on friday. the family consisted of a black mother and a white father with a nine-year-old daughter and son. the man was in a car with a group of white men and screamed 'hey n*****s!' at the family before speeding off. she shared her account of the incident on facebook as a'reminder for us to be kinder to each other'    after the man drove off, the girl's brother chased after the car and
the university of houston said it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,000 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university. the university initially balked at revealing the actor's fee, citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency. mcc onaughey is donating his fees to his jk livin foundation, which he started.
grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. the grey hair trend is a feminist statement and a quirky fashion fad. jean paul gaultier's catwalk show at paris fashion week featured grey haired models. lady gaga and nicole richie have also experimented with the look. instagram is awash with images of grey hair and grey hair selfies.
bikram choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexual advances by six separate women. six women have filed civil lawsuits accusing him of unwanted sexual advances. he has strongly denied the allegations in an interview with cnn. he said women love him so much he wouldn't need to assault them to get sex. bikram pioneered the practice of working out in a room heated to 105f. has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries and has a legion of celebrity fans.
actor kit harington and travis fimmel are leading the 'pretty but gritty' male leads of 2015. poldark, vikings, outlander and game of thrones are all about the unkempt hunk. aidan turner and nikolaj coster-waldau are the stars of the new breed of male leads.
kalman kallai travelled from borden, ontario to comox, british columbia for work purposes. he travelled across a colossal 2,796 miles (4500km) of land in a green rocking chair. the nine-day journey took the traveller nine days to complete and covered 4500km of land. he acquired the chair from online advertisement site kijiji.
chris and nicole peppelman were found dead inside their lower moreland, pennsylvania home tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons. the bodies of the 48-year-old husband and wife were found with chainsaw cuts to their bodies. so far only mrs peppelman's death has been classified as a homicide- suggesting that it may have been a murder-suicide.
the images were posted under the hashtag #notanaprilfools by campaign group let toys be toys. the images show the extent of gender stereotyping in toy shops. girls are offered pink beautician's outfits while boys are offered doctor's uniforms. babygros for girls read 'i hate my thighs' and 'i'm super' while boys' have burgers and burgers.
author harper lee, 88, lives in a nursing home in monroeville, alabama, and has been deaf and blind since 2007. state authorities were suspicious that she was manipulated into publishing go set a watchman. lee had said for decades she wanted to kill a mockingbird to be her only published novel. but investigators concluded she is in a fit state to make decisions about the release of the sequel.
last week she was barely showing - but demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show's latest addition. within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode fans will see aidan turner's ross gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. as sunday night's latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down. but it seems as if his heart is off the market .
mick schumacher made his pre-season test debut in formula 4 at the oschersleben circuit in germany. the 16-year-old accidentally went off the track during a training session . mick was involved in a 100mph crash at the lausitzring speedway in march - but he walked away uninjured. his father michael has won a record seven 91 races in formula 1 and is a seven-time world champion.
all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service so that vulnerable women can attend regular thursday sessions. decision comes after prostitutes were disappointed when drop-in sessions were cancelled on christmas day and new year's day. all saints church is the only place where prostitutes can receive support from street workers.
sjaak rijke was abducted by extremists in november 2011 from a hostel in timbuktu. he was rescued by french special forces at 5am today in the far north of mali. french president francois hollande said some militants were killed and others captured. the dutch national appeared in a video released by al qaeda in august 2012.
more than 100 firefighters have been called to fight a six-alarm blaze at general electric's appliance park in louisville, kentucky. there were no known injuries in the fire, which started around 7am friday morning. up to 50 employees were in a non-production building at the facility, but friday was a company holiday. the cause of the fire is not yet known. residents around the facility were told to stay in a room with the least windows and shut off ventilation. hydrochloric acid particles were found in the smoke near the building, but not in the downwind plume.
mike whitehead was standing against labour's alan johnson in the hull west and hessle constituency in yorkshire. claimed he was joining ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at the behaviour of tories in his area. but it emerged he was sacked from the party last week and was planning to stand as an independent. nigel farage claimed the scalp was 'another hammer blow' for the tories .
bbc1 boss charlotte moore confirms second series of popular period drama will return for eight more episodes. 8.1m people have watched each episode of poldark every sunday night. the show has helped bbc1 to its strongest start to a year for a decade.
the 26-year-old south african bombshell oozes old hollywood glamour in series of shots. max factor is credited for transforming monroe from a brunette to a knockout blonde in 1935. candice, 26, stars in campaign as silver screen legend.
woolworths predicts easter customers will buy 54 million hot cross buns and 2,900 tonnes of chocolate. woolworths says there will be enough prawns to stretch from sydney to cairns. femail asks experts to share their top wine pairings for the easter holiday.
lindsey walker, her partner and two-year-old son stayed at the rex hotel in whitley bay, north tyneside. family booked in for a holiday after a hospital stay and stayed in reception at 4am. they were invited to a late-night party in the room next door at the hotel. the hotel was taken over by malhotra group in january and is undergoing a major refurbishment.
the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in detroit. they want exposure for their business but also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel the motor city is too expensive. there are four billboards - two in manhattan and two in bushwick in brooklyn - which went up about a month ago.
jennifer houle, 22, vanished from a bar in minneapolis in the early hours of friday morning. she was last seen on a bridge and was later captured on surveillance footage walking alone. her body was found in the mississippi river on wednesday. she died of freshwater drowning, the medical examiner's office said. it is not yet clear whether she fell or jumped from the bridge.
antonio valente, from dallas, texas, learned that his facebook photos were being used to set up a fake facebook profile. the profile used photos of him and his seven-year-old daughter and the name 'johnson michael lynn'   the profile showed photos of valente's head pasted onto another person's body in hospital and images of his daughter. the scammer told marianne heinrich he wanted to marry her and move to austria to be with her. she wired valente $4,000 to pay taxes in england. facebook removed the fake profile after being contacted by nbc.
at her heaviest amber rachdi, 24, from troutdale, oregon, weighed 46st (657lbs)    she was warned that she risked dying by the age of 30. she has since lost 20st in a year and tips the scales at 26st.
kim callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children, reaching 20st 3lb. she was worried her weight was causing her to look like a man. joined slimming world in secret and slimmed down to 9st 10lb. was limited to a wardrobe of size 28 clothing and was a slinky size eight.
scientists at the university of california have discovered a new type of virus that infects bacteria living deep below the ocean floor. the virus causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to adapt to the harsh environment. they found the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean. the discovery of archae bacteria living beneath the earth's surface has raised the prospect of finding life on other planets.
donny ray williams pleaded guilty last year to raping two women in 2010. he slipped an intern ambien before having sex with her while she was unconscious. in 2013, he was attacked by a man who tossed acid in his face and blinded him in one eye and nearly blind in the other. he's undergone 20 surgeries and still faces more. a judge on friday agreed with a prosecutor's recommendation that he not serve jail time due to his serious injuries.
women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. cleopatra bathed in donkey-milk baths and made her own cosmetics. mary queen of scots washed herself in white wine, while empress elisabeth of austria created her own face creams. the geishas of japan used rice flour to whiten their faces and cleansed with nightingale poop.
piper kulk, eight, was killed in a car crash on new south wales' central coast on saturday. she was travelling with her two brothers william and daniel, her mother and grandmother. piper died in hospital on sunday morning, while her brother died later that evening.    a holden astra spun out of control, colliding with a ute on wyee road near doyalson. the seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage and airlifted to hospital. the national easter long weekend death toll now stands at 16.
bobbi ann house, 39, and her husband zackerie house, 27, are wanted by police for check fraud. the couple are accused of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500. bobbi ann hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts. the two are believed to be hiding out camping with her new husband.
the u.s. economy added just 126,000 jobs in march, the fewest since december 2013 and the worst month since then. the unemployment rate remained at 5.5 per cent. manufacturing, building and government sectors all shed workers, while the retail, health care and financial services sectors all added jobs. the government revised down its estimate of job gains in february and january by 69,000.
chef ally lees of alfie bird's restaurant in birmingham created the three-foot omelette for easter promotion. it contains 12,000 calories and contains 945g of protein - 16 times the recommended daily intake for a man. it took ally an hour to make the dish using 150 eggs and a giant pan.
greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the international monetary fund on thursday. deputy finance minister dimitris mardas said that greece will in fact make the payment on time. it comes after reports it has drawn up plans to introduce a parallel drachma currency.
the wide leg trouser is at the forefront of ss15 trends. louise and emma redknapp say it can be a welcome relief from the skinny jean. denim is the easiest way to achieve the look. pair with a high heeled shoe and a simple knit to keep the look in proportion.
the western esplanade cul-de-sac of 11 white art deco houses with private beaches in hove is known locally as millionaires’ row. it is a real-life version of stella street, with celebrities living in six of the houses. dj norman cook, david walliams, adele and nick berry have homes in the exclusive street. one of the homes has gone on sale for £4million.
danny lambo, 37, is a hotelier worth £25m and known as 'lambo' because of his love of lamborghinis. he bought a luxury bath for his girlfriend natasha flynn, 29, as an easter present. the bath contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate and costs £1,000 each time to fill. it contains 1.3 million calories of pure chocolate milk and is available to buy from bathstore.
federal mp bob katter accused the queensland government of assuming billy gordon would quit after he was accused of domestic violence. mr katter said the government believed mr gordon was 'a little black puppet on a string'    he has since defended the statement, saying he used the term black puppet 'because i'm dark and i come from cloncurry'
three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs. employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies. the lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's california headquarters and spread to 12 states.
denise chiffon berry, 44, and her son were driving in hawthorne, california on wednesday when a stranger in a cadillac started shooting at them . ms berry died at the scene while her 12-year-old son survived. the mother and son were passing by three men in a car when they laughed at the man's legs hanging out of the window. when they noticed the car was following them, the mother asked a police officer for help. the man in the front passenger seat of the cadillac pulled up and shot at her and her son. both were pronounced dead at the scene . the boy managed to run away from
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name gary. name was 147th most popular in britain in 1996 but didn't even make the top 1,000 in 2013. some blame shamed pop star gary glitter for the name's declining popularity.
james bowen has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named bob and churned out multiple spin offs. former big issue salesman continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit since 2012. taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for bowen to live in his housing association flat in haringey, north london.
detective patrick cherry of the nypd's joint terrorism task force is under investigation by internal affairs bureau. he was captured on video ranting at an uber driver after attempting to park his car. detective cherry was trying to park when the uber driver honked his horn at him. the officer launched a tirade at the driver, questioning his command of the english language and car control skills. the new york police department's internal affairs department is investigating the incident.
svetlana lokhova, 33, was falsely accused of being a cocaine addict and branded'miss dodgy septum' by colleagues at sberbank. cambridge graduate was driven to a breakdown by campaign of sexual harassment by male colleagues. tribunal found she was a'resilient person' driven to mental breakdown by work colleagues at the bank. she was awarded £3.2million for lost earnings, hurt feelings and aggravated damages at employment tribunal. workmates falsely accused her of being an addict and dubbed her'miss bonkers' and'miss cokehead'
colombian-born manuela arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday's show. the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before contestant andrea had finished guessing.
california gov. jerry brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on wednesday. he signed an executive order requiring the state water resources control board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels. california has been in a drought for four years.
19 children attending a primary school in north brisbane have contracted whooping cough. kilcoy state school is working with queensland health after the outbreak. infectious diseases expert professor matthew cooper has accused parents of not taking vaccination seriously. immunisation rates in queensland have dropped across most age groups since 2010.
scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby. the research was conducted by scientists from the university of connecticut. echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and the noise.
siobhan o'dell, 17, from north carolina, was sent a rejection letter from duke university. she was told she had missed out on a place at the prestigious college. but instead of taking no for an answer, she wrote a response to the admissions office. she told the admissions department she would be attending duke's 2015 freshman class. the response has gone viral, attracting nearly 100,000 likes and reblogs. duke did respond to her email, but told her she could appeal their decision, but it was unlikely to be overturned.
christopher bridger, 25, from stevenage, hertfordshire, was jailed for 12 years after he sexually assaulted three women. he was convicted of rape and four other sex abuse charges and was struck off the medical register. bridger pretended he was gay to get close to women and attacked them after drinking. hcpc panel found his crimes were a'serious breach of trust' and removed him from the register.
kris wardle and tina wardle fell in love in 2002 and had planned a life together. kris married his long-term girlfriend katrina in 2011 with her son, mark, acting as best man. less than two years later his wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by her son mark. mark was 21-year-old and was obsessed with violent video games and cannabis.
linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club: chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen. no details or cause of death have been released. she is reportedly survived by her parents, a brother, and a sister. she was booted off the oxygen network show on the second episode.
townville nurse maria sevilla and her son, tyrone, will be deported back to the philippines within 28 days. the single-mother has had her visa application rejected due to her son's autism. the immigration department said her son would be a 'burden on the australian health system'   she has lived in australia with her son since 2007 and is a nurse in the queensland town of townsville.
brittany lyn hilbert of orlando, florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old. the elderly man called the police and told them that hiltbert slapped him in the face twice, knocking out a contact lens. the man told police that hiltsbert had been dating him for 18 months and that the argument was over a friend that he 'didn't approve' of. hiltsberry was arrested for possession of weed and xanax last year.
kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in december 2011. previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they were in their 20s. dictator's grandfather kim il-sung's 'pleasure troupe' was a tradition of north korea's leaders. now kim jong-un has ordered the recreation of the group to entertain him after three years of mourning.
david cameron took advice from martial arts pupils about best way to deal with ukip leader in warrington. prime minister suggested using jujitsu to 'put nigel farage on the floor' in two-hour debate. but he later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' during the debate. all of the party leaders have spent the day preparing for tonight's televised debate. mr farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of his tv test but later played down idea of violence.
jaye and matthew cox delivered their daughter annabelle at just 20 weeks in canberra hospital after scans showed she had developed a serious form of spina bifida. she was born weighing just 290 grams and survived for just five minutes. jaye and her husband, matthew, decided to deliver their daughter prematurely . angel gowns is a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon. ms cox had her wedding dress redesigned so her daughter could be buried in it.
robert streeter and robert hoehn set out to discover clever people in the 1930s. self-styled intelligence experts published book posing difficult brain-teasers for the general public. book designed to discover genius has been republished and is full of tricky questions and tests.
tenants' association president jean green dorsey says the refusal of landlords to let rent-stabilized tenants use the new gym facility'smacks of second-class citizenship'   the gym was opened in stonehenge village last year to entice market-rate tenants. the building advertises one-bedroom apartments for $3,500-a-month. the human rights commission said there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing.
matsuko deluxe shared the stage with his'matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on saturday night. robot is controlled by a human operator and is controlled remotely by a voice impersonator. robot was created by japanese engineers trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids.
mount everest shrank by about one inch due to land that was shaken in the earthquake. an area 75 miles by 30 miles has lifted up 3.2ft from the ground around the capital, kathmandu. images from europe's sentinel-1a satellite have been transformed into interferogram.
turkish court imposed the blocks because photographs of the deadly siege were being shared on social media. mehmet selim kiraz, 46, died after he was taken hostage by members of the revolutionary people's liberation party-front. turkey has branded the images 'anti-government propaganda' and blocked access to twitter, facebook and youtube. british national has been arrested as part of operation against far-left group.
labour party leader ed miliband said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they work. said workers should be given the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months. estimated there are 1.8million contracts in the uk that do not guarantee hours.
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham on wednesday morning. his daughter was taken to birmingham children's hospital with breathing difficulties. infant, believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering'several injuries'   the 22-year-old mother, identified by neighbours as renata braskyte, has been released on bail pending further enquiries.
four out of ten britons betting on the grand national make their choice purely down to the name of the horse. 70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck while 70% of women rely on pure chance. world's greatest steeplechase takes place at aintree on saturday.
jennifer barnett worked archway school in stroud, gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997. mother-of-four died 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma. she died the day after celebrating her 30th wedding anniversary in september. her family believe the asbestos in the school is to blame for her death. mrs barnett, 60, worked at the school from 1980 to 1997, when she left to have her fourth child.
the singer told people magazine she was bedridden for five months. she has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. real housewives of beverly hills star yolanda foster also suffers from the disease. the disease was recently highlighted after foster revealed she can no longer read, write or watch tv.
the novelist, who died aged 68 in april last year, achieved huge success with the secret diary of adrian mole. her second husband colin broadway and her four children were named as beneficiaries. she also left £10,000 to freedom from torture and legacies to her sisters.
canterbury forwards james graham and david klemmer could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban after their argument with a referee. nrl head of football todd greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour. it comes as the nrl announced they are determined to come down hard on a trend of increasing dissent towards match officials. south sydney and canterbury played at the anz stadium on friday night. spectators threw bottles at match officials at the end of the game.
oscar hübinette shredded through the snow on the tolbachik volcano on the kamchatka peninsula in russia. adventure photographer fredrik schenholm looked on in amazement as oscar flew down the icy slopes. lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him. after lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in november 2012.
the average cost of property in salcombe, devon, now tops the average cost in london at £638,217. property prices have soared 10 per cent in the last 12 months, according to new data. average value of a waterfront property in the seaside town tops £2million, with non-sea views.
zulkifli bin hir was a malaysian member of the al qaeda-linked jemaah islamiah militant group. he was killed in a raid in the philippines in january. the fbi said on wednesday that he was one of its'most wanted terrorists'   the reward offered by the us state department for his arrest was $5million. investigators had a difficult time confirming his death because he was killed in a gruesome raid.
daxing internet addiction treatment centre claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of its 6,000 patients. it is run by doctor and colonel in the people's liberation army, tao ran. he believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin. china's government said internet addiction affects 24 million of 632 million of its internet users.
mike hand from haydock became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord. 39-year-old is almost ready to leave st helen's hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation. he tried to claim for disability grant to adapt his home but was told he would have to earn 'nothing'   he and his wife kate were told he can only have the grant if his wife gives up her job and goes on benefits. but the couple, who have a daughter, say they don't claim income support or benefits.
gertrude weaver, 116, of camden, arkansas, became the world's oldest person on wednesday following the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan. she attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair. weaver wants president barack obama to attend her 117th birthday party because she has voted for him twice.
melbourne mother-of-two, kady marsh, was breastfeeding her seven-week-old baby at a hotel in sydney. she was told to move from the lounge area of the manly wharf hotel because it was restricted to over 18s only. management at the hotel told her to use the disabled toilet. in australia, women have a right to breastfeed in public. the hotel's general manager says it's 'ludicrous' to suggest the hotel wouldn't allow women to do so.
the first generation ipad was revealed by steve jobs in early 2010 and launched on 3 april 2010. at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would be popular. five years and 225 million units later, but sales of the ipad have dropped 18 per cent. industry experts have predicted that the tablet device's days are numbered. but it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now.
richard hutchinson, 40, from thornaby-on-tees, north yorkshire, has been jailed for two years for the attack. he punched his former friend in the jaw and knocked him unconscious in a betting shop. the victim was left with a fractured skull and bleed to the brain and needed 16 days in intensive care. married father  said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over a debt of £300 and he wanted to'sort it out'   the pair were involved in a 'long-running' feud after he borrowed the money but had not paid it back and was still owing the victim £60.
it was previously thought that the woolly mammoth died out from post-ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man. experts spent a decade analysing more than 23,500 mammoth bones from western europe and russia. almost 100 per cent of the bones found to be riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium. deficiency in calcium resulted in mammoths breaking their bones and breaking their limbs and spines, leaving them unable to walk.
the child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at grant elementary school in dumont, new jersey on march 6 and died later that day. the boy had been playing chess with another student when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate'   he had previously told his chess opponent on four separate occasions that he would jump out the window, but the classmate told police he thought the boy was just messing around.
the 28-year-old woman was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy. she refused a blood transfusion due to her religious beliefs. the woman and her baby died after she had a stillbirth and died 13 days later. jehovah's witnesses refuse blood transfusions because they believe the bible commands them to.
verna fisher, then 81, woke up to find four men standing over her in the early hours of the morning. clinton jackson,    and brothers jermaine kellman, marvin sempler, and clinton lewis, were jailed for 44 years. the gang targeted the pensioners in their home in welwyn garden city, hertfordshire. mrs fisher was struck twice on the nose with a metal bar and was thrown off her bed. her bed-ridden husband mortimer, 85, was sleeping in another room and was unable to help his wife. jackson was jailed for 18 years and brothers  were each handed 13-year jail
arkansas republican gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on tuesday. he is sending it back to lawmakers for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act. the governor's son seth signed a petition asking his dad to veto the bill. the white house said the bill could 'be used to justify discriminating against individuals because of who they love'   seth said he and his father 'have political disagreements, just as many families do'
robert durst, 71, appeared to doze in the new orleans courtroom as his lawyers became embroiled in a shouting match with the judge after no witnesses showed up to the trial. the real estate scion was accused of illegal gun possession and was awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california. durst was arrested on march 14 and labeled a suicide risk. he is accused of murdering his longtime friend susan berman in 2000.
church of england's ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of bath’s 45°c spring water to power a modern heating system for the abbey. engineers plan to tap the power of warm waste water from the roman bathing complex to heat bath abbey's underfloor heating system. the idea has been in the pipeline for years, but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it's possible to connect a modern system with an ancient hot spring. each day 850,000 litres of spring water is pumped through the great roman drain to heat water from bath's baths.
the 'finest' steam yacht in australia was designed in 1900 and built the following year. originally named ena, the historic steam yacht was designed by walter reeks more than a century ago. it is on the market for more than $1.2 million after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981. the edwardian style yacht is one of only three that remains in the world today.
czech president milos zeman criticised by u.s. ambassador andrew schapiro over his plans to attend annual parade in moscow. president has banned ambassador from visiting prague castle, the seat of presidency. prime minister and czech lawmakers are siding with the american.
homes with a waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more – or £38,831 – than those in surrounding areas that weren’t near a branch. but having a budget store nearby means your house could sell for less. lloyds bank studied average house prices in postal districts with chain supermarkets nearby.
the captain of a ship that sank off the coast of africa'started applauding and cheering' when his vessel was submerged. crew on sea shepherd vessel bob barker rescued the captain and his 40 crew after 110 days of chasing the vessel. the alleged poaching vessel, named thunder, was sunk off the south african coast on monday. crew aboard the vessel had been pursuing the vessel for 110 days in an effort to stop alleged poaching activities. thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the southern ocean. all 40 crew members, who abandoned the sinking ship, were safely rescued and are in good health.
bettte carrouze, 78, from brighton loves all night parties and regularly enjoys nights out. single mother of two regularly leaves gay clubs in the early hours of the morning. she has a bus pass for 18 years and says other pensioners are boring. says she hoped to grow old disgracefully and says she is very happy.
staff at scooter's coffee, omaha, locked out of facebook page for 24 hours after employee clicked on a malicious link in an email. 'unknown third party' took control of the page and posted images of adult cartoons. company said the images were similar to those posted on delta air lines and crayola's pages.
easter is just around the corner and it's a great excuse to indulge in an easter treat. but how much exercise is required to burn it off? we take a look at how much cardio you'll need to do to burn off a chocolate bunny. men and women need to run for at least 40 minutes to burn a mini solid chocolate egg. a large bunny adds 11060 kilojules to daily calorie intake.
archbishop of canterbury called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists. most reverend justin welby said the dead were'martyrs' in his easter sermon. he said christians must resist without violence the persecution they suffer and support persecuted communities.
rekha nagvanshi, 30, was unhappy that her husband's parents had stopped her from doing chores around the home. she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly. rekha was caught urinating in her in-laws' cups of tea everyday for a year. her mother-in-law found her squatting over the teapot when she walked into the kitchen.
adam rushton, 37, took advantage of being a beat officer in longton, stoke-on-trent, to have sex with women. he was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and two of breaching data protection laws. staffordshire police deputy chief constable nick baker called rushton 'a disgrace to the police service' after the verdicts. rushton has been with the force for ten years and denied the charges.
photographer john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming off the coast of south florida. massung posted pictures of the swarm to facebook and users speculated that it was a mix of blacktip and spinner sharks. the sharks migrate each year to breed.
jennifer williams, of jeff davis county, georgia, said that she loves gay people but would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but 'it doesn't mean that i love them less'    she said she would serve adulterers but not gay people and that jesus 'died on the cross for me so that's the least i could do for him' indiana governor mike pence signed a 'fix' to his state's religious freedom bill on thursday after criticism and travel boycotts.
lindsay lohan says she feels 'at home' in london and has no plans to return to the states. the former child star recently appeared in a west end play and says the uk press treated her with respect. the 28-year-old posed in sexy lingerie for homme style magazine.
lianne hindle, 37, suffered a cardiac arrest at north manchester general hospital in december. mother-of-four died three hours after giving birth to daughter poppy at the maternity unit. her partner chris barnes, 40, is calling for action to prevent further tragedies at the hospital. three babies and one mother died at the scandal-hit maternity unit earlier this year.
the 11 former teachers, principals and administrators were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the atlanta public schools. they could face up to 20 years in prison for the racketeering charges. superintendent beverly hall died of breast cancer over the course of the trial. she is thought to have received up to $500,000 in bonus payouts. a 12th defendant, a teacher, was acquitted of all charges.
china's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens from the danger zone. included 176 people from pakistan and 55 turks from aden. turkish naval frigate has also evacuated 55 people from the war-torn country. russia also sent in planes to bring back 300 subjects from the capital, sanaa.
u.s. attorney ronald machen told house speaker john boehner that former irs official lois lerner could not be charged with a crime for refusing to answer questions at a 2013 congressional hearing. she insisted on her innocence in an opening statement, and then refused to testify. machen wrote a seven-page letter to the speaker just one day before leaving office, saying she was within her rights to refuse to answer. the irs department has been accused of discriminating against conservative nonprofit groups and refusing to approve their applications for tax-exempt status.
joni mitchell has suffered from morgellons disease for most of her life, and has dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition. the medical community believes it is likely a mental illness and that sufferers are anxious, depressed or even suffering from substance abuse. sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sores develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow. most experts claim it is just a mental health and that it causes fatigue and memory loss. mitchell was recently hospitalized after she was found unconscious at her home.
jamyra gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt, 30, on february 9 in washington, d.c.   she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to his hotel room with the intention of robbing him. he was found with multiple stab wounds to the back, groin and abdomen and his heart and spinal cord.
tracy stratton said her daughter, tianni, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school. she claims seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house. ms stratton is claiming damages from royal borough of greenwich council, after she says school ignored at least five reports of bulling.
samantha cameron reveals her doctor has told her: 'no way, jose'    she was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign, and gave birth to their fourth child florence in cornwall in 2010. the couple have ruled out having another baby on the election campaign trail. mr cameron has admitted he gets broody around babies.
more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated due to the fire in holborn, central london. more than 1,000 buildings remain without power and 35 firefighters and police officers remain at the scene. the cause of the fire is still unknown, and firefighters do not know when it will be put out.
joseph mcenroe, 36, from carnation, washington, was convicted of murdering four adults and two children on christmas eve, 2007.    he told the court he 'thought' he had to kill wayne and judy anderson, their son and daughter-in-law and two of their children. he is testifying in the penalty phase of his trial in a bid to avoid the death penalty. his girlfriend michele anderson is set to stand trial for the brutal killings later this year.
baby, known as mary, was born at alder hey children's hospital in liverpool but died six months later with traces of cocaine in her stomach. small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in the infant's body. her drug-user parents had been reported to social services five times before baby's death. review has called for lessons to be learned after agencies fell short in sharing information. mary was born 12 weeks early and was kept in hospital for three months before her death in 2013.
shauna mcglasson, 25, got trapped in the turnstiles of the alice and wonderland ride at blackpool pleasure beach. she was carrying her three-year-old daughter lacey in her arms. shauna had ballooned to 17st and was battling depression and anxiety. she lost 7st in as many months and now weighs just over 10 stone.
david and margaret-ann rous were flying from dundee to see family on the hebridean island of tiree. the couple had been married for less than a year and were planning to start a family. the light aircraft crashed into hills during bad weather in the scottish highlands.
mcdonald's announced wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees at company-owned restaurants to a dollar over minimum wage beginning july 1. the company expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016. mcdonald's usa owns about 10 percent of the more than 14,300 restaurants across the us.
tiger woods announced on friday that he will be playing at the masters in augusta national next week. the 39-year-old last competed at the farmers insurance open on february 5 at torrey pines. woods played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augus national. woods has gone nine weeks without competition. woods said on his website that he has 'worked a lot on his game' and is 'looking forward to competing'
jen psaki and katie fallon are both expecting babies in may and july of this year. they are two of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president barack obama. both are expecting babies. both say the white house knew they were pregnant when they were being considered for the communications director job. president obama himself called psaki personally and assured her that maternity leave would not be an issue. high-ranking female administration officials becoming pregnant is virtually unheard of.
jessica ainscough, 30, died in late february after a seven-year battle with cancer. she was diagnosed with a rare and aggressive form of cancer in 2008. her partner tallon pamenter revealed she was undergoing radiation treatment in her final weeks. she spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with gerson therapy. she died after a long fight with cancer in febfebruary.
labour leader ed miliband confessed that he 'blubbed' during the british film pride. the film centres on the 1984 miners' strike. miliband was praised for admitting that he watched the film. but it is one of many films that glorifies unions and minorities of the left.
man could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black vauxhall vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the m40 near oxford. he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the kj rail van. his boss has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing and police are investigating. the man claims he was only leaning out of the door because he wasn't feeling unwell and needed some fresh air.
donald trelford had his son ben and daughter poppy when he was 73 and 76-years-old. he says the physical effort of coping with young children at his age can be demanding. he takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit. donald says two children are more than twice the work of one.
former hewlett packard head and maybe republican presidential candidate carly fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in california to 'liberal environmentalists'  'it is a man-made disaster,' she told glenn beck during a monday radio interview.    'california is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other people’s lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology'   one of the liberal environmental groups she blamed later told the huffington post that the republican politician's argument was 'irrational'
four-metre long king cobra raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler billy collett at gosford's australian reptile park. the toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake. the venom can kill a full grown elephant. mr collett has been milking snakes for 10 years but has never extracted venom from a cobra.
gigi, 19, took inspiration from keeping up with the kardashians star to deal with negative feedback. she said kendall has a good sense of when to stand up on social media and when to back off. gigi is best friends with fellow supermodels cara delevingne and cara.
ben hagon's mercedes sports car crashed into tara mcintyre's car at up to 75mph leaving her with life-changing injuries. 24-year-old suffered head injuries, a fractured spine and pelvis and was left virtually wheelchair-bound. hagon was twice the legal alcohol limit and had taken prescription tranquilisers. he was jailed for two years and eight months after admitting drink-driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
beyoncé, kelly rowland and michelle williams reunited at the stellar gospel awards in las vegas last weekend. the threesome want to do another ten-year reunion tour and cut a reunion album - but they won't refer to themselves as destiny's child. beyoncé's father and former manager mathew knowles owns one-fourth of the group. none of the members want any involvement with mathew, who once managed each of the singers.
how two live duo jess and stef dadon have teamed up with new york company'print all over me' and buffalo shoes. the sisters have a new shoe line 'twoobs' coming out in june. the duo admit they don't actually like modelling and are camera shy.
for the first time in 65 years the california department of water resources has found no snow during its manual survey of the sierra nevada snowpack. governor jerry brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state. the governor's order requires cities and towns to cut water use by 25 percent. it is the lowest water level in the snowpack since 1950 when records began.
pitt, 51, vowed to help ‘make it right’ for the city’s thousands of displaced citizens by building eco-friendly homes. star personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of the city. pitt's make it right foundation is suing timber treatment technologies for $500,000. it claims the wood was defective and forced charity to replace decking and other wood on the homes. one home was so badly rotted it had mushrooms growing out of it.
the tiny fishing village of jose ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous. the golden beaches of uruguay are the main draw for brazilians and argentinians. the capital montevideo and colonial capital colonia are two of the country's most popular summer destinations.
graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including europe's tribute to elvis in blackpool and the elvis weekender in bridlington. the 50-year-old photographed the fans as part of his series called 'the kings of england'   mr oxby even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, which is on show at the cooper in barnsley.
the motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and glastonbury in somerset. driver had been stuck behind the 22-tonne lorry for several miles and gambled on overtaking at a set of lights. but he miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph. his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost and his car ended on the opposite side of the road. the dramatic incident was captured on dash cam by the lorry driver nick townley.
atif saeed, 38, from lahore, pakistan was in a safari park when he spotted the hungry lion. armed only with a camera, he crept to within 10 feet of the hungry animal. the photographer was forced to retreat to safety after the clicking sound of the shutter alerted the lion.
takako konishi was found dead in the frozen wastes of minnesota in november 2001. it was claimed that she believed the film fargo was real. she was trying to find a suitcase of cash buried in the snow by the coen brothers. according to the film, takako froze to death searching for the $1m stash. a police officer said she kept repeating the words 'fargo, fargo' at the start of the film. paul berczeller travelled to the area to research his film this is a true story, which told the real story.
asia siddiqui, 31, was arrested thursday in queens, ny for allegedly plotting a bomb attack on new york. she was friends with samir khan, the former editor of al qaeda magazine inspire. khan published one of her poems in the precursor to inspire, a publication he was editing at the time. samir was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen. she met samir in 2006, and had him publish a poem in the magazine, titled 'take me to the lands where the eyes are cooled'   khan later went on to found inspire, and published a bomb-making guide for the magazine.
more than 121,000 people worldwide are members of mensa, an elite society. a top two per cent score on an iq test will qualify you to join. mailonline has developed a quiz to see if you could be smart enough to join mmensa. the quiz is based on the type of questions you would face in a supervised test. take the quiz below to find out if you are in the top 2 per cent of the population and have what it takes.
students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals, according to a survey of 3,000 people by visa. the average american high schooler plans to spend $324 on the promposal. canadians plan to spend more than $508 overall on prom, while u.s. dads plan to outspend moms.
britain's got talent judge will host new series on itv highlighting plight of animals at rspca animal centre in birmingham. amanda holden and co-stars will appeal to members of the public to take in animals. give a pet a home will highlight the plight of the animals at the farm animal centre.
konstantin sivkov, a russian military analyst, has said that his country needs to develop a new nuclear deterrent against the us. he wrote a column for military-industrial courier that russia should develop a small force that can cause tsunamis and seismic activity at yellowstone national park. he says russia could trigger a volcano in yellowstone to erupt and cause massive damage to 240 million people. he said the system could be ready within ten years and could be used as an asymmetric threat against us.
labour's simon danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' that people prepared to join isis should be free to return home. nine members of the same family were arrested trying to cross into syria last week. included the son of labour councillor shakil ahmed, 21, and his cousins and aunt and four children. mr danczuk said the family are not welcome back in rochdale and should find a new home.
desert fairy circles are considered one of nature's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form. found in namibia, they are large barren patches of earth ringed by short grass. researchers compared the distribution pattern of fairy circles and human skin cells. the majority of skin cells and fairy circles both had six 'neighbours', and similar percentages of other neighbours. the researchers suspect the patterns might be similar because both patterns are fighting for space.
department store giant has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to sell off leftover stock. john lewis has knocked £250 off the price of christmas trees, ornaments and decorations . it comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its christmas advert campaign.
ryanair has banned passengers from bringing alcohol on board flights between glasgow and ibiza. the budget airline refused to explain the reason behind the decision. passengers who are caught trying to sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight. it follows a handful of incidents involving inebriated passengers on the flight to the party island.
ashley jennifer white, 30, and her partner paul thomas, 32, have been charged with child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son, noah thomas. noah was last seen watching cartoons at home in dublin, virginia, on march 22. his body was found in a septic tank near the family home after a five-day search. white and thomas were charged with two counts of neglect and abuse. the couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services.
terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in crackdown in syrian stronghold of raqqa. violators will be jailed for ten days and forced to take an 'islamic course'   they will also be made to take a test before being released from prison.
the bell 525 relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year. the commercial helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort. buyers are expected to use the craft for offshore oil and gas missions. the helicopter can cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and can fly up to 575 miles without stopping.
tim mcnaughton, 24, is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the gun on himself at a farm in queensland. his body was discovered alongside his father greg mnnaughton's at a shooting range. greg was a pilot with the royal flying doctor service in rockhampton. a third man, pilot lindsay hart, escaped being killed after being shot in his bicep by running into the bushland. tim was issued with a'shooter' firearm licence by the northern territory police in february 2012. the deaths are being investigated as murder-suicide.
two trainee obstetricians have been removed from fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth. the move was reportedly over concerns about the quality of service and patient safety at the obstetric unit. health authorities say it was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty. the hospital was recently found to have blood and bone fragments on some of its medical instruments.
buckingham palace released video of prince harry enjoying his flight ahead of his arrival in australia tomorrow. the 30-year-old royal will begin a month-long attachment with the australian defence force. flight was staged to support the royal foundation's endeavour fund and a new spitfire training scholarship for wounded servicemen.
lane smith, 26-year-old lane smith died after hitting his head in an accident in july 2014. he left behind his girlfriend and their unborn son, six-month-old son taos. kayli henley, a local photographer, was taking pictures of the family when smith's girlfriend, sierra sharry, asked for a family portrait. henley created a ghostly image of smith with a filter to make it look as if he was standing over his son and his girlfriend. smith passed away before his son's birth and the image has been shared thousands of times online.
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland. blood was found in the cabin of the ms ryndam, but it is unclear how the couple died. the bodies were found by cleaning crew as the ship docked in san juan, puerto rico. the cruise ship was on a two-week cruise.
princess beatrice, 26, was spotted out with boyfriend dave clark, 31, at shoreditch house. wore black leather dress by joseph a-line dress. the dress is currently sold out but we have found alternatives. the royal was joined by virgin galactic's dave.
new film shows young princesses elizabeth and margaret on a night out to celebrate end of second world war. the queen is said to remember the night with 'great happiness' in the film. hon margaret rhodes, 89, was first cousin to the queen and her best friend. the film stars canadian actress sarah gadon as the future queen.
the american union representing 25,000 flight attendants has slammed nicole kidman's new ad campaign with etihad airways. the association of professional flight attendants argues the sponsorship deal was at odds with her role as a united nations women's goodwill ambassador. etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities. kidman stars in etihad's new 'hollywood glamour' global brand campaign.
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14 but 10 per cent failed to do so. shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of a&e visits, researchers say. just a day after it was revealed one in five visits to casualty are unnecessary.
fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some medical instruments. the $2 billion hospital was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment. the hospital was fined $60,000 for failing to operate with sanitised instruments.
argentinian con-artist sofia davila, 21, posted raunchy pictures of herself on facebook and flirted with men. she would start chatting to men and suggest they meet up for sex.   she would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious before robbing their homes. she was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystander in the robberies. the thief admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial.
nicola horlick, 54, says women should marry early and have children while in their twenties. fund manager from the city says she felt a difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38. she breastfed in the office even while carrying out job interviews. her eldest daughter georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12.
jennifer mcgirr, 61, said the windows to the tower view hotel were shattered after a man threw a brick at them. she claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since appearing on channel 4's 'four in a bed'    she described other hotels in blackpool, lancashire, as 'grim' during the reality tv show.
jay alvarrez and alexis rene share amazing travel snaps on instagram and tumblr. extreme sportsman jay is a photographer and his model girlfriend is a model. the pair travel the world together and share snaps from hawaii, indonesia and california. jay has 735,000 followers on inst instagram and 1.1million for his travel snaps.
rick yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail in grand prairie, texas, after turning himself in to avoid paying $1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his unruly lawn. yoes claims the city of grand pra prairie didn't do enough to warn him of the mounting fines for his overgrown lawn. he turned himself in this weekend and spent two nights in jail before a friend paid his fine. the city says they tried several times to reach out to yoes but that he refused to keep his lawn up to code.
bernard 'barry' freundel pleaded guilty to 52 counts of misdemeanor voyeurism in february and is set to be sentenced in may. in october, his wife sharon gave a speech at a maryland jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences. her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in a ritual bathroom at their d.c. synagogue. she did not directly address her husband's scandal but alludes to it in the talk.
ralph body, 41, was a doorman at the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city, queens. body says he was fired for being 'too nice' to his wealthy tenants. he says he only did what was asked of him, like cleaning cat litter, watering plants and taking care of pets. building management says body broke the rules and that body was reassigned to another building.
lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates . the fish live in rocky crevices in the mediterranean sea and atlantic ocean and can whistle, croak and grunt. scientists at ispa university institute in portugal found males make boatwhistles to warn off love rivals.    the fish woo females with long, rhythmical noises that sound like boat whistles, which also act as a deterrent to rivals.
staffordshire-boxer cross knocked one of the cooker's knobs, switching on the hob. the dog's owner's son and daughter's boyfriend managed to escape unharmed. more than 10 firefighters were needed to extinguish the fire at the home in peckham, south-east london.
dr omar saadi al-atraqchi, 42, faces being struck off the medical register after admitting four counts of voyeurism. urology specialist cut a peep hole in a lynx shampoo bottle and hid his iphone inside to film men in the gym. he was caught out twice when a member of staff noticed a camera in a cubicle. doctor said he secretly filmed the men to 'let off steam' because of the pressure of his job.
two-metre south american boa constrictor is on the loose on queensland's gold coast. police mistakenly believed it was a harmless australian python and released it into the wild. the reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. biosecurity queensland officials have called off the search for the snake and put up a warning sign.
shrine at dusseldorf airport has revealed the only photograph of hero captain patrick sondheimer. he tried to break down the cockpit door to stop killer pilot andreas lubitz from crashing the plane. but shrine also includes a picture of co-pilot lubitzer who was also killed in the crash. all of the 144 passengers and five crew members died in the germanwings tragedy.
airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the red sea port city of hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a dairy factory. at least 35 workers were killed in the attack, many of them crushed by the rubble or burned to death. comes as saudi arabia hinted again that it could carry out a ground invasion in yemen.
bunkie king, 60, has revealed how she had a 15-year affair with jack thompson and her sister leona. she was 15 years old when she started a relationship with the australian actor. the 60-year-old revealed she shared one man with her sister, leona, 20. ms king said the three-way relationship was 'quite old-fashioned' with separate bedrooms and separate beds. she also revealed her sister did not know about her regular afternoon visits from thompsons.
the ex bon jovi guitarist, 55, allegedly told former business partner nikki lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her'   sambora is a 'person of interest' in an active investigation into criminal threats. he is believed to be on vacation in bora bora with his ex-wife heather locklear and daughter ava.
pdsa has warned that more than half of pets will be overweight in five years. around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight. too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise are to blame for bunny obesity. carrots were named as the worst culprits as they are high in sugar.
arnold quintero, 21, from san antonio, texas faces a string of charges. girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker. he faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child. she was held in a 'trap house' and was burned with a lighter.
national union of teachers said government strategies to tackle extremism and terrorism have'shut down debate' in schools. teachers said they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions. said they feel nervous discussing controversial issues over fears of being reported. said young people feel unable to express views on certain subjects for fear of being branded an extremist.
park inn by radisson e-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media. allows customers to appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels. available from just €19 (£14) for three of world's most stylish destinations.
billy-anne huxham, 18, was found by police on thursday night after she made contact with a family member. she was kidnapped at knife-point by her ex partner carl garry chapman, 32, from caboolture, queensland. police found the nissan suv that was used in her abduction. her ex-boyfriend has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty. he was out on bail at the time of the abduction. she escaped her captor and called her parents who contacted police.
in ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect. regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped. army chief of staff gen. ray odierno announced policy change at the association of the united states army conference. highly unpopular regulations went into effect in march 2014 banned tattoos below the knee or elbow.
tory health minister dan poulter, lib dem minister tom brake and labour frontbencher gavin shuker put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for men's health magazine. each was given strict orders to eat more healthily and do more exercise. mps took part in an unflattering photo shoot for the magazine.
delmarva power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills. rodney todd and his two sons and five daughters were last seen alive on march 28. police responding to a missing persons report found their bodies at the home in princess anne, maryland, on monday. a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home . the utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25 and the family used a generator for power.
gibbons produce soft 'hoo' calls that are similar to whispers and are almost inaudible to the human ear. scientists at the university of durham found gibbons use whisper calls to communicate specific information to each other about predators and foraging. gibbons are known for their loud songs that can travel for miles in the forests of thailand.
giudice, who is preparing to head to federal prison for bankruptcy fraud, lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000. he pleaded guilty in october to unlawful use of an id and impersonation. the 42-year-old will serve 18-months in prison which will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy. judge adam jacobs said joe giudices has a 'general disrespect for the law' and called his driving record the worst he's ever seen. his wife teresa is serving a 15-month sentence on the fraud charges.
summer robertson died after being overpowered by currents off the coast of south africa in december. the 21-year-old had been helping youngsters in one of the country's poorest townships. she drowned after being washed up on a beach while on a charity trip. her parents john and sarah have paid tribute to their 'bubbly tomboy' daughter. her family have now launched an appeal to raise money for guide dogs for the blind as a tribute to her.
shadow chancellor repeatedly refused to rule out using the point at which 40p tax rate kicks in to raise money to balance the books. number of people paying tax has already risen from 2million to 5million in two decades. labour has vowed not to increase vat or national insurance. but george osborne claims ed balls has 'let the cat out of the bag' on tax rises.
gemma flanagan, 31, from liverpool, was left paralysed after suddenly being hit by guillain barre syndrome. she was working as an air stewardess for british airways when the illness struck. after returning from a flight she felt jet-lagged and had pins and needles in her legs. assumed partying in six-inch heels was the cause - but she had the rare condition. she spent seven months in a rehabilitation unit and learned to talk, write and partly walk again. the aspiring model is making her catwalk debut today in a wheelchair to show anyone can be beautiful.
karen davis from port pirie has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour. the 38-year-old mother was captured by a google maps camera car showing her bearing her size-k breasts. she was charged with exposing herself in public. ms davis claims she 'pursued' the car to make sure she was captured. the mother says she is happy the picture appeared online and thought it was funny. she plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday and has criticised 'flat-tittie chicks' for their comments.
a 51-year-old woman has been charged with a string of offences after footage of a racial attack on her neighbour went viral. a refugee couple say their children have asked if they are'really monkeys' after the incident. the woman was charged with assault after a crowbar attack in cloverdale, east perth. but the woman insists she was the victim and that she was injured in the encounter.
louis jordan, 37, was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina, suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment in hospital. coast guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel. jordan was found on his boat, a german-flagged container ship, on thursday. he had been missing since january 23, when he set out to sail and fish.
adam crapser, 39, of salem, oregon, was adopted from south korea as a toddler. he was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january. his u.s. citizenship was never registered and he is facing deportation. he arrived in america with his biological sister in 1979 and was adopted by two different families. his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second was abusive. he has three children and a fourth on the way. his guardians did not seek citizenship or a green card for him and he has been homeless and has convictions for burglary and assault.
ibrahim jalloh and bengali sherrif were reportedly arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014. the two australians were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice. australian man has reportedly been sentenced to death after he and another man were arrested for smuggling drugs in china. the man is awaiting trial after being arrested attempting to smuggle drugs.
david fitzgerald says there are no contemporary mentions of jesus in historical accounts from the time of christ. claims he was a fictional character invented by followers of christianity to create a figure to worship. claims christ was a combination of stories from several different cults and figures. claims there are inconsistencies in the gospels of the christian bible that suggest he was not real.
mullah omar has not been seen since the 2001 us-led invasion. taliban propaganda release praises one-eyed extremist's'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers. it is a clear attempt to counter the growing influence of isis in afghanistan. the taliban have reportedly seen defections to isis recently, with some insurgents expressing disaffection with leader.
randy johnston, 68, from dallas, texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds. his son then went about filming the moment of discovery. but footage shows his six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
u.n.'s human rights chief zeid raad al-hussein told u.n. human rights council of 'gruesome scenes of mass graves and slaughter'   if reports are true, boko haram have committed crimes against humanity and war crimes. he said militants have been using children as 'human bombs' and 'human shields' and using women and girls as 'wives'
secret meeting between intelligence figures in moscow and washington reportedly revealed plans. putin will consider any attempt to return crimean peninsula to ukraine as declaration of war. will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of the region. also said to have revealed putin is planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-western baltic states.
kourtnie a. sanchez, 25, was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and promoting obscenity to a minor. she was a student teacher at marshall elementary school in eureka, kansas, and was a mother-of-three. prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014. she is married and is believed to have three children.
jeralean talley of inkster was born on may 23, 1899, and credits her long life to her faith. gertrude weaver, a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the world's oldest documented person, died monday. talley was born in rural montrose, michigan.
amateur jockey lee ferguson lost his balance on his first ride for champion trainer paul nicholls at wincanton. the 18-year-old was flung from his horse merrion square in a spectacular somersault. ferguson escaped the fall with only 'dented pride' after colliding with the fence. trainer nicholl will have four horses racing at the grand national on april 11.
ofcom study by ofcom says 4g speeds in the uk are slower than promised. mobile phone companies boasted 4g would be five times faster than 3g. but the actual figure is only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second. this is compared to 5.9mbit/s per second on the 3g service. ee’s 4g network, which covers 81 per cent of homes and businesses, delivered the fastest average download speed.
john r. lind, 34, admitted tainting pat maahs' drink with his semen while they worked together at beisswenger’s hardware store in new brighton, minnesota. he masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away . initially, maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled.
in a $1billion lawsuit, 750 plaintiffs claim johns hopkins university approved and helped to plan the syphilis experiment in guatemala. the study deliberately infected individuals with syphilis in order to test drugs and study the disease from 1945 to 1956. it is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease, and only 25% of those infected are still alive. almost all of the victims were children who were unknowingly infected and passed the disease down to their children. some of the children were born blind, severely handicapped, and even without a brain. the plaintiffs are seeking $1bn, claiming hopkins university approved and planned the study. the experiment was run by dr. john
rspca has no more legal actions left under hunting act after decision to drop case against william bryer. animal charity criticised for spending £22.5million pursuing animal welfare prosecutions last year. fox hunting was outlawed in 2005 under tony blair's government. but groups continue to meet by using trail hunting.
more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe, which is the smallest indian nation in america. the indian village of supai is concealed at the bottom of havasu canyon, in the heart of the grand canyon national park. the tribe relies on tourism for the majority of its income, with 20,000 visitors a year. the village has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school, lds chapel and a church.
li chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in north-eastern taiwan's hualien county. he grabbed a bread knife and went to neighbour tang chao's yard to slit the dog's throat. the dog was found hours later in a pool of blood in the yard.
iran's president hassan rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of nuclear agreement. residents danced in the streets, blared their horns and joyously waved national flag following the breakthrough deal. deal aims to prevent iran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief. iran and six world powers must finalise the deal by june 30.
depressed donna oettinger, 41, had sought psychiatric help in months before she and son zaki died on train tracks in south london. she had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy in march 2013. her mental health had declined after finding out her husband had a second family in egypt. doctors and social services in charge of looking after her made five'significant' failures. but coroner selena lynch said 'nothing could have be done' to foresee the deaths.
mohammed alam, sayed juied and sadek miah treated burglary 'like a job, a profession' raiding homes in west london, herfordshire and surrey. over course of 11 months the gang stole cars, cash, jewellery and paintings worth £1million. they stole a ferrari, porches, minis, paintings and cash from 21 homes. police tracked the trio after a raid on a £2.6million home in wimbledon and caught them on cctv.    the gang admitted conspiring to commit the burglaries and were jailed for a total of 17 years each at kingston crown court.
the unnamed wall street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on friday thanks to a tweet from the wall street journal. the trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker altera one minute after the journal reported intel was in talks to buy altera. he purchased the shares at $36 a share, and a call option gave him the right to buy more shares. just 28 minutes later, altera was valued at $44.39 per share, an increase of 28%. the trader was able to sell their shares at a much greater profit of $14,000,000.
more than 480 design teams submitted entries to evolo magazine's 2015 contest for the annual skyscraper competition. the evolo awards were established in 2006 to recognise 'outstanding ideas for vertical living'    the first place in this year's contest was awarded to a team of polish designers for its project essence skyscraper.
leading king historian stuart wexler said the fbi disobeyed a direct order from congress not to destroy the files. he claims that the bureau deliberately destroyed files relating to the assassination of dr king in 1968. the files were destroyed from two field offices in miami and mobile, alabama. fbi chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. king was shot dead by james earl ray at the lorraine motel in april 1968.
manning is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud at leavenworth military prison in kansas. she is dictating the tweets over the phone to supporters in 'close contact' with her. manning sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon and has 16,000 followers. she thanked journalist glenn greenwald and amnesty international. she also gave a shout out to rage against the machine's tom morello.   manning was born bradley but has begun living as a woman since going to prison.
deborah fuller, 56, dragged her dog tango for 400 metres behind her car as she drove at 30mph in essex. the dog was left with injuries to all four paws and chest after being dragged along the road. she failed to take the dog to the vets to be treated for his injuries. fuller has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated.
new yorker sarah theeboom was inspired to give up using products after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to her smooth and shiny locks. the writer from new york city hasn't washed her hair in six years. she first stopped using shampoo during a three-week vacation to thailand.
guernsey police executed search warrants at eagle medical practice and a private residential address on island of alderney. officers were alerted by health & social services department following deaths of four patients. doctor was excluded from treating patients at mignot memorial hospital and general medical council was informed. no arrests have been made.
more than 1,000 cuban properties are listed on airbnb, with 40 per cent located in the capital of havana. private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night on the popular home-rental website. for the time being non-us travellers will not be able to book rooms or flats in cuba through airbnb.
rae johnston is a 33-year-old sydney based tech and gaming journalist known for dressing up as wonder woman. she receives regular online proposals for her signature cosplay wonder woman outfit. each costume takes up to six weeks to make and has a combined social media following of 25,000 fans. she is one of a growing number of australians who are dressing up in hand-made costumes of comic book and movie characters. ms johnston has been selected to host the cosplay championships at this year's oz comic-con.
the video was captured on a camera phone at a school in portland, oregon, and shows a physics teacher swinging an axe at a cinder block. he misses his target and swings it directly into his co-worker's groin. amazingly, the teacher took a second swing at the block and crushed it. the teacher was actually holding the block on top of a bed of nails. but remarkably the teacher who was hit turned out to be ok.
british national, of polish origin, was arrested on saturday as part of operation against banned leftist group. members of the dhkp-c took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week. both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out in istanbul.
last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow, oklahoma. ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant the company's headquarters in brenham, texas.
salvina formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week to improve her fitness. the 101-year-old widow recently tripped over on an uneven footpath. she has been taking part in step classes to improve her strength and fitness. ms formosa has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking.
at least nine job listings have been spotted on apple's official recruitment site for battery and power software experts. these include one for an ios battery life software engineer and another for a cell engineer. apple's larger iphone 6 and 6 plus have been found to last up to 22 hours with normal usage. but apple's watch only lasts 18 hours with 90 time checks, 90 notifications and 45 minutes of use.
a 12-year-old israeli girl was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry when the engine exploded. more than 100 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft. the girl is still thought to be missing and rescue units are still searching for her. the ferry was carrying more than 110 people on its way to phuket.
ugaaso abukar boocow has become a celebrity on instagram with nearly 70,000 followers. the 27-year-old is trying to change people's perceptions of somalia with her photos of everyday life. she was two years old when she and her grandmother fled somalia’s civil war. she began posting photos as a way to keep in touch with her family and friends in toronto.   she moved back to mogadishu last year to be with her mum.
gizelle laurente said her son, jacob prien, was not allowed to board a flight from darwin to brisbane because of his autism. he was booked to fly to spend the easter weekend with his father and younger brother. qantas said it had not been given the required paperwork to clear him. ms laurentes said she couldn't afford to fly with her son and told the captain her son was given a higher dose of medication. but the airline said it was not in any way discriminated against her son.
kamron t. taylor, 23, was awaiting sentencing for murder when he escaped from a jail in kankakee, illinois. authorities say he beat a guard into unconsciousness, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his suv. he was convicted of first-degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison. police say taylor has a history of escape attempts and is considered armed and dangerous. a 15-year-old girl, savannah bell, was believed to be in the company of taylor.
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence. he was found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal. the 55-year-old former immigration consultant has been found guilty of inviting female clients into his home to perform sexual favours for him . the former immigration minister had his licence cancelled in 2013 after a string of complaints.
girl mistook red cross worker's camera for a weapon and raised her arms to surrender in jordanian refugee camp. photographer rene schulthoff did not realise how scared she was until he was editing the photographs. it follows the iconic image of four-year-old girl who also surrendered to a camera in a syrian camp late last year. she is one of 17,000 children living in azraq camp after fleeing the brutal war in syria.
ryan burns of eureka, california, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from. he swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel. burns later uploaded the video clip online with the dog's owner stepping forward.
kevin pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, brady, as they made dinner in their mobile home in hudson, florida, last week. kevin then shot his older brother, trevor, 16, in the leg and then turned the gun on himself. the boys were laid to rest in a joint funeral on thursday. their mother, single mother helen campochiaro, 38, was at one of her two jobs at the time of the shootings. the two boys' father, luis pimentsel, was also at the home but was not home.
tiffanie didonato, from swansboro, north carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia, a rare form of dwarfism. the 34-year-old mom is 4'10 tall and is constantly re-teaching herself to walk because of the stiff muscles and arthritis that are side effects of her condition. her son titan is more than half her size and she is expecting her second child in september.
former paramedic crsity collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week on the drug. the 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis. she worked as a paramedic and was using ice while driving and treating patients. ms collins said she was never offered support despite claiming that she had bugs in her eyes. she has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the department of veterans affairs.
gross national happiness is considered more important than gross domestic product and economic success in bhutan. tiger's nest monastery is the most sacred site in the buddhist country. the country measures its success with a gross national happiness index and is a land of myths and magic.
carlos colina, 32, faces charges of accessory after the fact to an assault, battery and improper disposal of a body. he was arrested sunday after severed human body parts were discovered in a duffel bag and a human head was found in his apartment building's recycling bin. the head of jonathan camilien, 26, of somerville, was found inside the bag. colina has pleaded not guilty to charges of being an accessory to assault and battery. he is being held on $1million bail.
dangelo conner, from new york, filmed himself messing around with a stun gun in a friend's apartment. he first electrocuted a coke can and then a metal bracelet. but his antics all went horribly wrong when he zapped a bracelet he was holding. the video has gone viral, being viewed more than 17million times.
om-ing is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness. aims to teach couples how to 'expand the sweet spot' during orgasm. 10,000 people worldwide practice orgasmic meditation and 2,000 in the uk alone. it involves light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption.
married father-of-two steven christopher costa, 31, plans to head to iraq to fight against isis for three months. he will leave his wife and children behind to join the war against the terrorists.    he spent six years in the navy and will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights. mr costa said he will take his own life if he is ever captured by the terrorists because he does not want his children to see him.
experiment on the iss will investigate whether plants are able to use a sixth sense while in space - a sense of gravity. in the weightless environment of the space station, researchers will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction. results could help farmers on earth get a higher crop yield - and may also help future astronauts grow plants on missions to the moon and mars.
u.s. district judge susan dlott has ordered the internal revenue service to hand over a list of the 298 tea party groups it targeted for extra scrutiny. the irs has been accused of slow-walking tax-exemption applications from conservative groups with red-flag words in their names. the groups are seeking a class-action lawsuit against the government. irs commissioner john koskinen says the agency is no longer targeting conservative groups.
the zombie, death in the afternoon and aunt roberta are among the world's most alcoholic cocktails. men should not regularly drink more than three to four units of alcohol a day, according to drinkaware. femail reveals the top ten most alcoholic drinks in the world.
lisa colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in queens, new york on march 19 when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness. her mother lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on march 23 when she was allegedly confronted by her daughter's boss camille edwards. mrs colaggrossi refused to hug edwards and told her: 'you worked my daughter to death'    edwards is feared at the station and has been nicknamed 'camevil' by colleagues.
kristin holmes allegedly uploaded image after she was mistaken for another woman during facebook feud. captioned photo: 'you know the difference' and 'exchanged words' with other users. holmes, 26, from chesterfield, virginia, charged with harassment by computer. she is facing a class 1 misdemeanor that could lead to one year in jail and a $2,500 fine.
nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year. but he claimed caps on net migration would be 'ludicrous' because it was impossible to stop people leaving. ukip’s manifesto chief later added to confusion by saying the limit ‘might change every year’ the conservatives accused farage of ‘making up his policies as he goes along’
choupette, a three-year-old siamese cat belonging to fashion designer, earned £2.18million last year. she appeared in two adverts for cars in germany and japan. cara delevingne, who is also a model, earned more than the fashion designer's pet. choupette has two personal maids and has her own room at the mercer hotel.
manual for green party supporters urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable'   aims to ease voters' concerns about radical plans to dismantle army, legalise drugs and pay everyone £72 a week. it has been distributed to campaigners in london and encourages them to compliment people's homes. green party's surge in support has been hit by series of disastrous media appearances from leader natalie bennett.
sarah thomas, 42, a mother of three from brandon, mississippi, is a referee for college football's conference usa. she became the first woman to officiate a fbs game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009. shannon eastin was the first female to be hired as a full-time referee by the nfl in 2012.
rob kardashian has all but disappeared from the media spotlight over the last year. he is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain. his sister khloe has previously revealed that he suffers from social anxiety. his family have expressed their concern for the 28-year-old on keeping up with the kardashesians.
joshua malatino and his girlfriend, samantha scott, were accused of harassing and stalking a rival ice cream truck driver in gloversville, upstate new york. the driver of a rival truck, mr. ding-a-ling, claimed the couple tried to put him out of business. malatinos and scott were charged with harassment and stalking in april 2013. a judge dismissed the charges against malatini this week. scott was also charged with disorderly conduct in a separate case.
latisha fisher, 35, was charged with second-degree murder after allegedly smothering her 20-month-old son gavriel ortiz-fisher in a bathroom at 5 boro burger in manhattan on monday. she told police she was afraid someone was going to eat her son and put him to sleep. fisher was diagnosed with schizophrenia after a 2011 stabbing of her aunt. she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year and was recommended for an alternative sentencing program after pleading guilty to stabbing her aunt in the head in 2011. fisher allegedly locked herself in the bathroom of the restaurant and was found holding her baby boy when workers broke in to help him. she
paris picnics offers made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps. customers can order online and have a picnic delivered to wherever they are in the city. each picnic comes with cutlery and a blanket and is delivered in a pepe.
kathrin goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for the germanwings crash. her family have reportedly fled their home in montabaur and have no plans to return. maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to the town. miss goldbach, 26, is believed to be too scared to return and face the 'hatred of the world'    she is seeking comfort from a priest and has told investigators lubitz had whisked her away on holiday just days before his death.
jordan waddingham scoured through bushland at karoola, north east of launceston in tasmania to find the world's largest european wasp nest. the 12-year-old boy followed a trail of wasps when he stumbled across the 90-kilogram nest. it took two days to unearth the nest and four men to carry it out of the bush. the nest is currently on display at the queen victoria museum and art gallery.
dr michael shannon saved chris trokey's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago. in 2011, dr shannon was trapped in a burning suv after he was hit by a semi-truck and trapped in his car. trokey was one of the paramedics who pulled him out and rushed him to hospital - where he spent more than a month. the two men were reunited last sunday when they took part in a fundraiser for childhood cancer.
a man and woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg, queensland. a 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman were both charged over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave. the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr on tuesday. the pair were both arrested and charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm. it's believed the dogs were young dogs that were killed before a four corners special.
randy pierce, from nashua, was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the tough mudder's 'king of the swingers' obstacle in california last week. pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that left him in a wheelchair. he left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and has since climbed all 48 mountains in new hampshire, as well as run 30 road races with his guide dog quinn. he is running the boston marathon this month in memory of his dog, who passed away from bone cancer last year.
sir stirling moss won 212 races in his 14-year career before a crash at goodwood in 1962. the 85-year-old said he sees fitness as a 'way of life' and does 77 press-ups and half a bottle of chardonnay a day. father-of-two reunited with refurbished austin-healey sprite he last drove more than 50 years ago. he has since switched to electric renault twizy with a top speed of 50mph.
tina campbell, from london, paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek medical attention after her scalp became infected. she spent her 29th birthday in bandages after having the boils surgically removed. miss campbell spent the day of her birthday in hospital after having a hole in her head. she says the incident has not deterred her from having hair extensions again.
video shows 27-year-old jared henry of arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch. the deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while henry recovered from the incident unscathed. the pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the fayettechill outdoor clothing brand.
the red lady's remains were found in the el mirón cave in cantabria, spain. radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago. her grave provides the first evidence of an ancient magdalenian burial in the region. her remains were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal. an engraved tombstone was found nearby suggesting she was a person of status or authority and was buried to oversee her subjects.
taylor davis, 20, was seen in the kissimmee, florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on tuesday. davis told police he has done similar inappropriate acts while working at disney. he was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief.
dutch owner of the ferrari 599 gto was driving the supercar at a hotel exedra in anzio, south of rome. parking attendant roberto cinti was returning it to the hotel when he mistook the throttle for the brake. the driver mashed the throttle and ploughed through the front of a shop front. the £300,000 supercar can hit 60mph in just 3.3 seconds and is one of the most powerful ever produced.
sussex police was accused of 'victim-blaming' in poster urging women not to leave friends alone on a night out. anti-rape campaigners said it implies victims are to blame for getting raped. but supporters said it was 'blindingly obvious' that it was not blaming women. posters are due to be put up at bus stops and in pub and nightclub toilets.
robert durst's seven-bedroom home in scarsdale, new york, is on the market for $3.8 million. the 71-year-old real estate heir is awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california over the death of his friend susan berman. when he was seven, his mother jumped off the roof of the family home. durst was acquitted for the 2003 murder and dismemberment of his neighbor morris black 12 years ago.
children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the world's biggest easter egg hunt in sacramento, sacramento on sunday. the event was an attempt at breaking the world record for the biggest, with 500,000 eggs. but the event did not break the record and was raising money for victims of human trafficking.
the easter holidays are a chance to spend time with the family and have a family day out. there are a host of family-friendly events across the country to keep the kids entertained. try the world's largest easter egg hunt in the maze at traquair castle or learn to be a court jester .
for years medical experts have warned about the dangers of too much salt. as the federal government prepares its dietary guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average american salt consumption rate carries no risk. both federal government regulations and the american heart association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of americans each year. the average american ingests about 3,500 milligrams of salt per day.
passenger made the discovery on a train travelling between lichfield trent valley and longbridge. cctv images of the culprit will be passed onto police for investigation. london midland said the 'act of vandalism' was 'disgusting' and forced operator to cancel the service.
samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the a9 chips in apple's upcoming iphone range. the korean tech giant has previously supplied apple with parts for various iphones. apple shifted away from samsung and signed a monopoly deal with taiwan in 2013. samsung will supply 80% of apple's supply of application processors. earlier today, samsung announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015.
canadian fair trade network is hoping to raise awareness of the plight of garment workers in sweatshops. photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from bangladesh, cambodia and sierra leone. each label tells the story of a worker and their life in a garment factory. the images are part of a campaign by the canadian fair trade network.
scient scientist fergus simpson from university of barcelona has calculated the minimum size needed for intelligent life to survive. he applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on earth. if they exist, he believes intelligent aliens typically weigh more than 650lbs (300kg) - around the size of a polar bear. but the calculations don't take into account an alien planet’s surface gravity.
the replica cave has been built near vallon-pont-d'arc in southern france and contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as around 450 bones. it is the biggest replica cave in the world and is built a few miles from the original cave. the caverne du pont-d’arc is the oldest cave decorated by man and is not open to the public. experts scanned the original drawings using 3d modelling techniques to create the replica. it contains images of 14 different species of cave bears, woolly rhinos, mammoths and more.
sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow, according to his youngest daughter, tina sinatra. mia farrow had previously admitted that frank sinatra may be the father of her son. she married sinatra in 1966 in las vegas when she was 21 and he was 50. in 2013, mia said that sinatra was 'possibly' his father as they never'really split up'
meaghan hudson, 25, said she was suffering from multiple myeloma in december 2013. nursing student told family and friends she was unlikely to survive. close friends shaved their heads in solidarity and got tattoos in support of her. she raised $5,000 through a fundraising website and promised to pay back all the money. police received an anonymous tip last summer that she had been faking the disease. she was arrested in january and charged with grand theft and deception by deception.
ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before the two-hour live tv showdown. admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown. mr farage has been made the bookies favourite to win tonight's itv showdown. david cameron insists he is not nervous and is'relishing' the debate.
tuti yusupova's friends claim her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1, 1880. officials in uzbekistan support the claim, releasing her passport to prove her age. her death came in the same week as misao okawa, who died aged 117. the current world's oldest person is jeanne calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997.
independent investigators found failings in care and hospital leadership at royal oldham royal and north manchester general. seven babies and three mothers died at the two nhs hospitals in the space of eight months.   report found 'notable absence of clinical leadership' and a 'failure to adequately plan care'   national guidelines for treating obese mothers were also not followed at both hospitals.
hand-painted cartoon depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film. it was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel. the drawing is set to fetch more than £10,000 at auction in dallas, texas, on thursday.
maxine fohounhedo, 30, was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an uberx ride . the 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and woke up in his apartment as he was having sex with her.    his attorney claims the woman made a pass at his client when he first picked her up and then they 'went back to his place'   he produced an audio recording from the night of the alleged attack.
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran's last-ditch appeal against their death row sentence was rejected on monday. indonesia's attorney-general hm prasetyo said the bali 9 duo will be executed soon. the pair's lawyers will not be allowed to challenge president joko widodo's decision to deny the pair clemency. the court rejected the appeal in jakarta's state administrative court. the men's lawyers now plan to challenge the constitutional court to stay the executions.
india mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted at a riding facility in matheran 20 miles east of mumbai. she was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival. the youngster was on the second day of a holiday and was riding with her family. she had been riding metres ahead of her father gavin, 43, and a member of staff.
alison hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her asthma inhaler. she took a puff and felt something shoot to the back of her throat. it was a false nail which had worked its way into her inhaler and lodged in her throat . she was choking for five minutes before a neighbour came to her rescue and called 999. ms hall said the nail was part of a cheap £1.50 set she had used weeks before and had probably fallen in her pocket.
ruanne dellal says her husband jack was worth at least £400million when he died in 2012. but he left his whole estate to her - but she is suing after discovering it amounts to just £1.7million. she claims she is owed up to £385million more and is suing six of her husband's children. property tycoon jack, 89, was a gambler who once gambled £1million a night in a single night.
charlie chaplin married second wife lita grey, who was nearly 20 years his junior, in 1924 and the marriage lasted just three years. the 50-page divorce papers were found in a bank in america and are set to fetch an estimated £15,000. the film star was said to have bedded the 16-year-old and tried to convince her to have an abortion when she fell pregnant. original copy of the couples divorce papers was found and is being sold by parade antiques in plymouth.
dr julie epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct by a nsw civil and administrative tribunal. the anti-ageing doctor could face being struck off after prescribing drugs to 40 patients. some of the patients had a history of abusing similar drugs in the past. dr epstein opened one of sydney's first anti- ageing clinics. she was found to have been prescribing drugs 'without exercising responsible medical judgement' and keeping inaccurate patient records. the doctor has been a medical practitioner for 40 years.
law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it that much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit. more than 800 school threats were reported in the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means.
chicago cubs fans were forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at wrigley field stretched through the concourse and out into the stands on opening day. there were only two working bathrooms at the stadium and some fans had to wait more than one hour to get to one. the cubs claimed the problem began when two bathrooms on the upper deck 'went down temporarily'
'pie-egg-ra' dish contains one and a half cadbury's creme eggs and is served with a side of chips. created by john clarkson at mr eaters fish and chips in preston, lancashire.   the chip shop boss says customers have taken to dipping chips into the creme egg yolk like toast soldiers.
lindsey norman spotted the image of jesus christ in six pack of hot cross buns she bought from sainsbury's. mother-of-two spotted the uncanny resemblance with easter coming up. she bought the buns from her local store in peterborough, cambridgeshire. ms norman said it made her 'giggle' when she saw the image in the hot cross bun.
medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock blamed a 56-year-old man's kidney problems on the 16 cups of iced tea he drank daily. black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones. the man was admitted to the hospital complaining of nausea, weakness, fatigue and body aches.
the fashion police co-host's memoir going off script details her relationship with jerry o'connell from 2003 to 2004. she claims he cheated on her with spice girls singer geri halliwell, but she still took him back. giuliana made a racist comment about zendaya's hair style on fashion police.
former boxing promoter frank maloney, 61, started the process to change gender two years ago. underwent final sex change operation last week and was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days. but she has been released four days early and is recovering at home in kent. she faces a further six weeks recuperation at her home with her two daughters.
ivan carlos, 22, and brenda avilez, 18, were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto when christian crawford, 35, lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence early wednesday.    carlos was nine months pregnant at the time and her unborn child did not survive. the driver, who had recently been released from prison, was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. the accident is being investigated as a traffic homicide.
ivan milat is currently serving seven life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992. his nephew alistair shipsey has released a book of letters from milat to his nephew. the milat letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from    milat's eldest nephew. milat butchered and buried the bodies of seven young people in the belanglo state forest. he has been locked up in goulburn's supermax prison for 20 years.
lara logan is said to be resting at her home in the washington dc area but working on upcoming stories. logan was brutally sexually assaulted while reporting in tahrir square on february 11, 2011. she has been in and out of the hospital since the attack and was hospitalized for the fourth time this year. she was admitted to hospital after suffering internal bleeding from diverticulitis, a potentially stress-related intestinal condition.
cressida bonas, 26, split from prince harry last year after two years of dating. she has been attending fashion parties and music festivals since the split. cressida has signed a modelling contract with mulberry and starred in a play. she is happily single and says she's having the time of her life.
hot spot is near the four corners intersection of arizona, colorado, new mexico and utah. covers only about 2,500 square miles - half the size of connecticut. produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why. researchers are currently in the area, trying to uncover the reasons.
the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could be doubled to help tackle the childcare shortage. labor opposition leader bill shorten says foreign nanny's are not the answer to limited childcare. around 10,000 au pairs travel to australia each year. the productivity commission has suggested extending the length of the working visas.
john and elizabeth knott lived in a £500,000 retirement cottage in bosbury, herefordshire. 71-year-old mr knott was caring for his wife of 37 years after she was diagnosed with alzheimer's. he was fighting plans to build a gipsy camp close to their home and feared it would affect the value of their home. in august he shot his wife anne, 70, before turning the gun on himself, inquest heard.
the tham khoun ex caves are one of laos' hidden treasures and is known as one of the world's greatest river caves. the cave is only accessible in the dry season from november to april and has over 15km of passages. cave photographer, john spies, 59, captured the stunning images of the vast and intricate underground wonderland.
richard and angela maxwell from coningsby, lincolnshire, became 10th biggest british winners of euromillions. couple plan to take their family on holiday to new zealand first class and buy a land rover. mrs maxwell thought her husband was playing an april fool's day joke on her.
diane greenberg, a devout catholic, and her husband bob, who is jewish, split family down the middle. steven and katie greenberg were raised in separate faiths - steven jewish and diane catholic. diane took charge of steven while bob taught steven, 21, at an orthodox hebrew school.
star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born in barnsley, west yorkshire. her skin turned a yellowy tinge and doctors discovered her bile ducts were blocked. her parents were told she needed a liver transplant but neither was a suitable match. her mother's twin sister shanell offered to give up part of her liver to save the baby. baby star underwent the operation in november and has since made a good recovery.
virginia roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving prince andrew's friend jeffrey epstein. she claimed she was a'sex slave' to epstein and was forced to have sex with the duke of york three times. but a florida judge has now ruled her claims must be struck from the court record. the judge ruled details of the accusations had no bearing on the reopening of the lawsuit.
power outage affected the state department, the department of energy, the university of maryland and several smithsonian museums. oprah winfrey was in the middle of a speech when the lights went out at warner theatre in d.c. the white house moved onto back-up generators after the outage, but it was'minimal' at the building. traffic lights also went out in parts of the city. the outage affected 1600 pennsylvania avenue and the national air and space museum.
jeffrey williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on during a rally on march 12. despite being warned that phone calls from prison can be used as evidence, he spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the st. louis county justice center. he said he was being harassed by a group of people outside ferguson pd and wasn't aiming at the cops.
andy hornby is non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u, which was found to be selling nhs patients' details on without their knowledge. he was in charge of hbos when it collapsed in 2008 and faced calls to step down. many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society.
rosa camfield was born in june of 1913 and died monday at the age of 101. the photo of her cradling her new-born great-granddaughter kaylee was posted to facebook two weeks ago and became an online sensation. rosa's granddaughter, sarah hamm, posted the picture of rosa and baby kaylee to the popular facebook page life of dad and it has since received millions of likes and comments. she had three children, five grandchildren and 10 great- grandchildren and died on monday.
miami herald columnist lesley abravanel told daily mail online exclusively that sources close to dr fredric brandt said he had hanged himself at his miami mansion on sunday. dr brandt, 65, was known for working with stars including madonna, kelly ripa and stephanie seymour. he was reportedly 'devastated' by comparisons to dr franff, a character on tina fey's netflix show, unbreakable kimmy schmidt. the doctor was found dead at his coconut grove mansion by his housekeeper.
the orphaned youngsters are doing better after they were taken in by retired farmer pauline kidner. one of the cubs escaped death after being carried away in a jack russell's mouth. nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced to see whether cubs were ready for food. first of the badger cubs was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at secret world centre.
'now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' indiana governor mike pence said after signing his state's amended measure. the arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's republican governor asa hutchinson. the two, gop-controlled states were in a frenzy this week to quell national outrage over laws that legalized discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
christian englander, 30, was arrested on monday for throwing a banana peel at dave chappelle during a show in santa fe, new mexico. he was charged with disorderly conduct and battery after police say he threw the peel at the comedian in the leg. englander told police he believed the attack was racially motivated. on thursday he threw another peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack. he claims it was 'just a joke'   englander said he ate the banana and washed it down with a shot of 99 bananas liquor before the show.   he became embroiled in a fight with a man called jay wills after the second
new pet gps system allows owners to track their pet's journey in real time via a website. available for $50 per flight from 10 us airlines including los angeles and atlanta. delta air lines has a history of pet fatalities on board and was responsible for 41 of 97 animal deaths between 2010 and 2013.
in the first standoff, the officers fired 'toward the vicinity' of tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target'   they also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns. shortly after the firefight in watertown, massachusetts, on april 19, 2013, an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle carrying two other cops. but report praises many other aspects of the emergency response to the april 15 attacks.
the items were found at the honolulu museum of art after a tourist spotted they were sourced from subhash kapoor, who is facing charges in india. the items were smuggled into the u.s. by the art dealer and will be returned to india's government. the museum has handed over seven of the rare artifacts to homeland security agents.
the images are featured in frida kahlo: the gisèle freund photographs. they were taken by a german-born french photographer who travelled to mexico in 1950. in the pictures frida is seen at her most relaxed and relaxed in her home and garden. frida was known for her self portraits and was a feminist icon. she died in 1954 at the age of 47.
xiangyu ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde, a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid. she admitted to poisoning two students' bottles as well as her own. the cancer biology student faces four felony poisoning charges and could face up to 8 years in prison.
five-month-old elijah suffers from type 1 spinal muscular atrophy. doctors say he probably won't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness. his parents have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away. little elijah is 'the happiest baby ever' and his mum and dad andrew mccrae want to show him as much of the world as he can. the family have already visited the sydney royal easter show and are planning a road trip to queensland.
antti pendikainen attached a parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground after driving his vehicle off a mountain in sweden. the finnish extreme sports group, stunt freak team, spent just three hours creating the flying machine. captured on camera, footage shows the moment the daredevil driver took to the skies.
babies in the study reacted with surprise when objects appeared to break the laws of gravity. baby boys and girls were surprised when a ball appeared to pass through a solid wall. babies repeatedly bang on the table after seeing a magic trick as they attempted to learn its secrets. babies were more interested in playing with the ball than a new toy.
thomas jordan driver, david elliot moran, and charles thomas newcomb each were arrested thursday on one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. the three men were members of the ku klux klan and worked at a florida prison. they believed the inmate is infected with hiv and hepatitis and bit one of them during a fight. the state said the murder plot started after driver had a fight with the inmate.
emirates and etihad airways were traveling in opposite directions over the arabian sea in mumbai airspace. both planes received an 'air traffic control incident' warning that they came within 25 seconds of a collision. both carriers insist safety of their passengers was never compromised. the incident occurred on monday.
former premier made an unannounced visit to ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant to the government. ecologists fear he is being deployed to encourage western investment to increase gold mining. noyon uul region has £1.2 billion gold reserves but is dotted with burial mounds of attila the hun's warrior ancestors.
researchers at gillette cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them apart using x-ray beams. the researchers cut samples of real skin and attempted to pull them apart. they found that mammalian skin has stress resistance properties that prevent it from tearing. researchers found the collagen in the skin dermis changes from being a disordered tangle to line up in straight rows. skin is damaged when it is damaged and loses its strength and tear resistance.
the 48-year-old woman wrote her name and the date on the dome of the florence cathedral's dome. she used an eyeliner pencil to write on the marble but it did not leave any permanent marks. it's the second time in four weeks a holidaymaker has been charged for defacing a landmark.
marvin "papi gallo" jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones' black and red shorts at the ring in arcadia, florida. referee frankie santore jr. went over to pick up the samsung galaxy. jones later said he was listening to music before the fight and put his phone in his shorts.
grade ii listed building was previously known as bridewell prison in liverpool, and housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences. the jail was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes. the former jail is being turned into a luxury hotel by staycentral.com. thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls and the exercise yard has been converted into a glass covered indoor lounge.
ashley doody, a 30-year-old mother-of-two, was arrested on sunday after allegedly stabbing her mixed-breed family dog with a kitchen knife. police believe she was high on bath salts and believed the dog was possessed by demons. the dog, trixie, is expected to survive. doody has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals.
charlene bishop, who is 17 months old, went to feed her pony taffee on wednesday and found her lying on the floor. left side of pony's skull was completely caved in, her eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain. the five-year-old shetland was found dying from horrific head injuries in a field in kent.
block's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions set for april 28. the apartments will be open to the public on april 11-12. up to 40,000 block fans are expected to line up to walk through the homes. agents have started the hunt for the buyers of the renovated three-bedroom homes. teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos.
29 per cent of gp training posts remain unfilled, with more than 60 per cent in some parts of the uk.    more than 1,000 posts are vacant in the england, scotland and wales alone. doctors warn the figures mean we are headed for a recruitment crisis as there is already a shortage of doctors.
the duchess of cambridge was dismissed as an ‘uneventful’ dresser by leading author margaret atwood. the 75-year-old said kate hasn’t lived up to the fashion icon reputation of princess diana. miss atwood said she thinks the duke is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers. but she added she is correct not to follow in diana’s footsteps and dresses uneventfully.
qantas warned back in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from april 1. people wearing thongs are no longer allowed in the qantas lounges. customers have taken to social media to complain after being turned away from the airline's lounge. cassandra hann said she was refused entry to a lounge because she was wearing a thongs. sex worker estelle lucas also complained about the new dress code.
misty machinshok, 33, has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the rape of her 15-year-old daughter in 2013. she 'coached' her new husband to rape the girl 'every few days' and held her hand 'the first few times'   she planned to tell friends and family she got pregnant with a stranger at a house party. her husband gary machins hok, 29, who she met on onlinebootycall.com, has admitted to raping the girl and sexually assaulting her sister, 11.
peter ackroyd was born in 1899 in leytonstone, east london. alfred hitchcock was educated by the jesuits at school. his films are a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt. his first film, psycho, is one of the most recognisable shots in cinematic history.
voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics and fights between rival supporters. in one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry. others accused politicians of 'fly-posting', while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting views.
jean-marie le pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements in the past. founder of the far-right party defended having described nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'   his daughter and current leader of the national front marine le pen immediately distanced herself from comments. she said she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father.
over the past 10 years, the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent. ho chi minh city, vietnam, has seen 400 per cent growth as far as the number of millionaires calling the city home. new world wealth study found hong kong to be home to the most millionaires, with 15,400. new york city is home to 14,300 and houston, texas, has 1,420 more millionaires than a decade ago. south america boasted multi- millionaire growth of 265 per cent over the 10 year period.
a 38-year-old man jumped into brush creek in kansas city, missouri, after being stopped by police. the man spent 10-15 minutes swimming in the water and threatened firefighters with a log when they tried to pull him out. police officers and firefighters fished the man out of the water early friday morning. the suspect was a driver who smashed his 2007 infinity into a bridge and fled from police. he was taken to a hospital to be treated for a broken leg.
alex stock, a former friend of supposed victim 'jackie', said magazine should be held accountable. he was portrayed as a callous social climber who discouraged rape victim from speaking out. he said rolling stone risked its reputation by not disciplining reporter sabrina erdley. she wrote the discredited story of a gang rape on campus at columbia university. but the magazine will not take any action against her or any of her colleagues.
anthony ray hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the jefferson county jail in birmingham. he was convicted of the murders of two men in 1985. hinton was freed after prosecutors admitted earlier this week that they couldn't find evidence that a gun found at his home fired the bullets used in the murders. as he walked free, hinton declared: 'the sun do shine'    he hugged tearful family members as he was embraced by his sister, darlene gardner.
charity sea shepherd had been tracking the thunder for the past 110 days off the west coast of africa. the nigerian-flagged vessel was believed to have been deliberately scuttled to cover up illegal fishing. the crew of 40 were rescued from life rafts after the vessel sank on monday. the captain of the thunder 'applauded and cheered' after being rescued.
adele berry spoke to call handler when she contacted vodafone over a problem with her bill. she was put through to a call centre in south africa and made small talk. but she was later bombarded with texts from man calling himself her 'future hubby' and asking about his 'in laws'   the man has been suspended by the firm pending a full investigation.
abdel-kader russell-boumzar was granted bail in brisbane's magistrate court on thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences. the 17-year-old was dubbed 'public enemy number one' by magistrate deborah vasta. he was accused of spitting on and racially abusing a security guard on a train. the teen was charged with serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification. he has been accused of repeatedly breaching his bail conditions since the incident.
dr fredric brandt, the dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars, was found hanged in his miami home. he was found two days ago, two years after he graduated from frank h morrell high in new jersey . he had been left ‘devastated’ by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of dr franff in netflix show ‘unbreakable kimmy schmidt’   he was a popular and ‘scholarly’ student with the promise of a ‘medical career ahead’
2015 marks the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo in belgium. the french-speaking world refuses to believe napoleon lost the battle. the british are fascinated by the victory and the bloody manner in which it was achieved. but napoleon didn’t surrender at waterloo.
eight-month-old ginger tabby cat was found in shipping container at mediterranean linens in moreton-on-lugg, hereford. staff heard strange noises coming from the container and called rspca to investigate. the cat, named sinbad, had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes. he had travelled from egypt in a shipping container without food and water for 17 days. he started his epic journey in egypt on march 8 and arrived at med mediterranean linens on march 25.
author jonathan maitland said the public is'ready' for the play to be shown less than three years after abuse was exposed. play will open in london in june, starring impressionist alistair mcgowan as jimmy savile. but critics have slammed the subject choice, saying it is 'unbelievable'    maitlands said he is confident the public, and savile's victims, will be prepared for the drama.
rita ora, 24, is the face of rimmel's colourful new beauty campaign. showcases the brand's new collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes. she also recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range for the beauty giant. rita was snapped up by the brand in 2013 and is a voice uk coach.
kevin perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at parkway central high school in chesterfield, missouri. he recently sent his home economics teacher, marilyn mecham, a check for $10,000. perz graduated from the school in 1977.
police had opened an investigation into the incident at a hotel in hawes, north yorkshire. but victim oisin tymon told police he did not wish to press charges against clarkson. top gear presenter still set to appear in top gear live shows alongside richard hammond and james may.
richard curry was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum and had to have his nose removed. the 71-year-old was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer and told to have a prosthetic. he was fitted with a new prosthetic and had metal implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity to hold it in place. mr curry wears his prosthetic nose attached to his face using magnets.
nicholas figueroa, 23, and moises locon, 26, both died in the explosion at 121 second avenue in the east village last thursday. investigators are now looking into possible gas tapping at the scene of the blast. in august utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped. building's landlord haria hrynenko could now face criminal charges, it has emerged.
the death of a 20-month-old toddler in central west nsw is being treated as suspicious by police. the boy was rushed to coolah district hospital after he was admitted struggling to breathe. police executed a crime scene warrant at a property in neilrex on wednesday. the child had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathing. police are appealing to the public for information about the incident.
jamie anderson said the cgi characters did not have the same charm as the 'lovingly detailed' puppets. original thunderbirds returns to our screens tonight 50 years after the show's launch. the jerky puppets are replaced by computer-generated images to create a new look.
robert mccombs told a court that steven carl day admitted to him and his roommate roger musick that he was a child molester . day was allegedly murdered on december 18, 2013 after he told two friends that he molested young girls and that he thought 'one of them was starting to like it'   day's body was found in the back of mccomb's van and musick and day were charged with murder but the charges were later dropped. after the murder, day's sister told police that her brother had admitted to molesting a five-year-old relative 35 years ago.
david cameron reiterates pledge to offer cut-price properties to 200,000 young first-time buyers. project is part of extension to help to buy scheme and doubles number of new starter homes in england. properties would be 20 per cent cheaper than their market value. 52,000 people have already registered interest in the scheme since it launched last month.
shoppers at westfield stratford city shopping centre looked surprised by the sculpture. it was commissioned by uktv to celebrate screening of third series of sherlock. police sniffer dogs were also a fans of the 6ft-tall sculpture. other famous faces to have been turned into edible art include kevin bacon and jamie dornan.
the university of kentucky lost 71-64 to the university of wisconsin in the final four basketball game on saturday night. guard andrew harrison was at a press conference after the game when he muttered 'f*** that n****' at another player. harrison covered his mouth and said the comment - but his microphone still picked up the comment. he has since apologized for his comment.
tanya heath paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place at the push of a button. canadian-born designer tanya, 44, has lived and worked in paris for the last 20 years. the shoes start from £260 and come in a variety of styles and styles. a high heel can be swapped for a lower heel, and can be released at the press of abutton.
researchers at columbia university in new york say fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna. could date back to early human evolution in africa, where spiders with strong venom existed millions of years ago. the instinct could be one of the most crippling of phobias and dates back thousands of years.
keith anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette at a bus stop in hartlepool last year. he left army lance corporal albert duffy in a coma and severely brain damaged. anderson, 28, was jailed for seven years at teesside crown court this week. l/cpl duffy had served three tours of war-ravaged afghanistan and survived bomb blasts.    anderson had punched another man minutes earlier, leaving him incapable of work for a month after the attack.
andrew getty, 47, was naked from the waist down, was discovered in a bathroom at his £2.6m villa in the hollywood hills. he was the grandson of john paul getty once the world’s richest man. andrew was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune. police believe he died of natural causes or an accident. his former girlfriend lanessa de jonge, 32, raised the alarm after he had a heart attack.
kyhesha-lee joughin died in brisbane in 2013 after being locked in a bedroom by her father and a family friend. the three-year-old was allegedly forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet. she suffered massive bowel injuries after being struck days before her death. her father matthew lee williamson and his friend christopher arthur neville kent have been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty. the bail hearing revealed the toddler died after suffering blows to her stomach causing severe bowel damage.
former cia worker edward snowden claims britain was actively spying on argentina between 2006 and 2011. documents released by whistleblower allege it implanted computer viruses and circulated propaganda. claims come after discovery of oil in the falklands last week, likely to escalate tensions. argentine state still claims territorial rights to the islands, which it invaded in 1982.
the ashton canal in manchester was filled with six foot wall of foam after a fire at a nearby chemical plant. water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings. the environment agency are investigating to assess if the foam has harmed any wildlife.
vijay chokal-ingam claims he pretended to be an african american to get into st. louis university school of medicine in 1998. he claims he changed his appearance and joined a black student organization to gain admission. his sister mindy kaling has said she was not aware of her brother's decision to apply to medical school under a different name and race. he is releasing a new book, almost black, about his experience and claims his sister has told him she is 'ashamed' of him. he did not even complete his medical degree and dropped out before he qualified as a doctor.
two in five local authorities in england will have more children ready to start school than there are places. local government association warns they may not be able to create more places at the rate needed. pressure on education system has intensified following baby boom and continued migration. labour seized on predictions to attack coalition's free schools programme.
hannah and alex built a two-bedroom home on the back of a flatbed truck in nelson, new zealand. the couple returned home from living in the uk in 2009 and couldn't afford to buy a home. they spent a year and a half building a home on a 1986 hino flatbed. the home is powered mostly by solar panels and the couple lives almost self-sufficiently.
teresa james, 40, believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile. almost a third of britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth. sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 in america. teresa is part of a growing group of women for whom whitening has become part of their beauty routine.
pregnant woman and her partner were stranded off the coast of kent after their trimaran overturned. she was left clinging to the hull of the capsized vessel in the english channel. her partner tied a rope around himself and dived under the vessel to retrieve an emergency flare. a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from dungeness point, kent.
freeze trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the sea of okhotsk 205 miles off russia's kamchatka peninsula. 63 crew members of the dalny vostok were rescued with the sea's temperature near zero degrees celsius. more than 25 fishing boats in the area helped to pull the crew members to safety. but a further 15 people are still missing.
china's national tourism administration will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to china. police, customs officers, border control and credit agencies will be contacted if necessary. chinese travellers spent an incredible $164 billion on foreign trips last year.    there were 109 million chinese tourists in 2014, a dramatic increase from 10 million in 2000.
chelsea ellen bruck, 22, from maybee has not been seen since october 26, 2014. she was last seen dressed as batman villain poison ivy at a halloween party in frenchtown township, michigan. police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in flat rock on sunday for clues related to the case. miss bruck was seen with a man in a parking lot around 3am after the party. she is described as 5'7' tall, 140lbs, blonde, with a small anchor tattoo.
jodie barden, 28, has to plan both daughters' funerals as they have rare genetic disorder cockayne syndrome. ella, eight, and one-year-old chloe have a life expectancy of just 12 and don't live to adulthood. mrs barden has already made arrangements for both of their funerals with her husband, luke. she was diagnosed with the rare disease which causes premature ageing and premature ageing.
ed miliband was accused of hypocrisy after he claimed coalition had made it harder to get a gp appointment. mr miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer gp surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before election. labour launched poster declaring 'the tories have made it hard to see a gp' but critics were quick to point out the figures were out of date. a labour-supporting doctor has circulated a letter claiming 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the nhs'   health secretary jeremy hunt has promised to give nhs chiefs 'whatever they need' after the election.
jamaica, colombia and saint lucia have the highest percentage of female managers in the world. only 34.2% of managers in britain are women, compared to 53.1% in columbia. pakistan was ranked as the worst country for having a female boss, with only 3%. the uk came in 41st place out of 108 countries for having female managers.
andrew mogni, 20, from glen ellyn, illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january. he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20, but he died on sunday. initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that he was robbed.
most rev justin welby said the 148 victims of the university massacre in kenya were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word'   pope francis made similar statements during easter sunday mass at st peter's square in the vatican.
a 10-year-old autistic boy was locked in a metal cage at a canberra school. the cage was specifically designed as a 'withdrawal space' for the boy. the principal of the school has been suspended and an investigation is underway. act education minister joy burch said it is a horrifying situation. the structure was in place from march 10 to march 27. the school only removed the cage when ordered to by the act education department.
a europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job. in norway, which pays the highest benefits in europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job . the study also found that governments that intervene to help the unemployed find work made people more likely to say they wanted work.
denise and glen higgs, from braunton, devon, had all but lost hope they would ever have children. glen was made infertile after cancer treatment at the age of 20 and decided to store sperm. doctors created eight embryos using his frozen sperm and the couple had a daughter. the couple tried again using the same batch and gave birth to twins carter and carson.
hayley adams, 29, of barnstaple, devon, was seen sneaking into william tanner’s bedroom and taking cash from his coat. cctv device was put in room by his daughter angela wrenn, 56, who was suspicious of his behaviour. adams was convicted of three counts of theft - but escaped with a community order, restraining order and a fine of £175.
the former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn, new york. clinton's new digs will be in 1 pierrepont plaza, a 19-story building in the hipster-friendly neighborhood. the clinton campaign's chief of staff huma abedin has been spotted walking around the neighborhood and touring the building.
new york is in the throes of a cultural revolution and is home to a thriving contemporary arts scene. iceland's capital reykjavik is showing signs of recovery after the economic meltdown. pingvellir national park and friðheimar are two of the best places to see the northern lights.
a student expelled from george mason university for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name. the student claims that an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing, not sexual assault. the lawsuit claims the woman only filed a complaint after the couple broke up and she found out the man was cheating on her. the man has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy. the university is demanding he identify himself publicly.
nicholas figueroa's mother, ana, was among more than 200 mourners to attend funeral for her son at church of the holy name of jesus in manhattan. carrying a red rose, she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into hearse. 23-year-old was on second date at sushi restaurant when he was killed in gas explosion and building collapse last month. his body was pulled from the rubble last week alongside that of another man, moises locon.
the top gear website now features an image of the stig on his own at the top of the page. previously featured image of all three presenters alongside the racing driver. bbc say the masthead change is to reflect the fact all three are out of contract on the show. jeremy clarkson was sacked from the bbc after he punched top gear producer oisin tymon. richard hammond and james may also revealed they are selling off a dozen bikes from the classic motor cycle collections. the show's live gigs will go ahead but will be stripped of bbc branding.
michelle pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by katie couric. the series was created by diane english, the creator of murphy brown, about a female news anchor. couric will serve as an executive producer, drawing on her experience as co-host of today for 15 years. the actress is known for her roles in scarface and the age of innocence.
rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by oregon zoo officials. his leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990. rama used his trunk to create paintings, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales. elephant activist courtney scott has claimed zoo officials should not have placed rama with female elephants at a young age.
john howard, 66, had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years. but began stealing funds two years ago, leaving the company facing bankruptcy. father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on £300 meals a month and spent money on flowers. he was jailed for two and a half years at canterbury crown court.
deputy prime minister nick clegg says it is 'risky' for youngsters and 'dodgy' if you are older. ed miliband and green party leader natalie bennett were asked about sexting in cosmopolitan quiz. mr miliband said it's 'not advised for politicians' and nicky morgan called it 'a bit too risky'   both men were asked to answer questions for fashion magazine cosmopolitan's website.
exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment. 'ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems. clarkson university researchers claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported, often have poor air quality from toxic mould.
kristi gordon, of british columbia's news channel global bc, called out the bullies who attacked her appearance during the online only segment of news hour plus. she read some of the messages and admitted that the cruel words had taken their toll on her. kristi is due to give birth in three months.
sydney psychologist darryl dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language during a consultation. the woman claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her to massage him. she was having suicidal thoughts at the time. mr dewar initially denied the allegations and said he had 'brain confusion'   he was reprimanded by a tribunal and banned from re-registering as a psychologist.
the car veered off the road and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver. she was thrown from the vehicle and trapped under the car for more than four hours. the driver only suffered minor injuries and was taken to hospital in stable condition. two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, managed to climb up to the road. it took emergency services five hours to pull the driver from the wreckage.
victoria's secret caused huge a backlash when it unveiled campaign slogan 'the perfect body' last year. new campaign from curvy kate recreates image using models of all shapes and sizes. d+ lingerie brand says its image is 'empowering'   the final ten contenders for star in abra contest feature in the powerful new image.
dimitri harrell reportedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old samirria white at minnesota home at 3.40am on sunday. they started arguing over his 'infidelity' in bedroom of their st paul apartment. carrying couple's three-month-old daughter, he then shot her in the face at close range. harrell has been charged with one count of second-degree murder at ramsey county district court. suspect, who had 'trust issues' with miss white after having two children by another woman, faces 40 years in prison.
pupils at highland oaks middle school in memphis shared picture of eighth grade teacher tiffany jackson on instagram. she was arrested for driving while her licence was suspended. three students were suspended for three days after sharing the image online. officials at the school said the children had demonstrated 'inappropriate use of electronic media' but later overturned the decision.
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before prompting his child to follow. to date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times.
tiffany sical, 21, and her boyfriend, bryan rodriguez-solis, 23, were driving along route 6 in providence, rhode island. couple were driving home after watching fast and furious 7 on sunday morning. joel norman, 24, allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence and crashed into their car. couple's six-year-old daughter, jaylene, has been left orphaned after being left in care of family friend. norman has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under influence - death resulting and driving to endanger.
ferme de montagne proprietors ensure their staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the dorchester in mayfair before the start of each new season. the boutique hotel is located in the french resort of les gets. the hotel's staff enjoy skiing with guests when time permits.
no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u.s. highway 36 between boulder and denver. one person died after being thrown from an oldsmobile bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of interstate 225. numerous crashes and spin outs on icy and snowy highways have closed portions of several interstates and highways.
prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse former new england patriots player of killing odin lloyd. hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify before resting at 3pm on monday. the jury will now deliberate on their verdict after closing statements tomorrow. the former player has pleaded not guilty to killing lloyd in 2013.
edmund echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a james bond-themed sex party at a £3million mansion in radlett, hertfordshire. fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at hospital. he was named today as a father-of-three from north london. neighbours say he was a care worker and described him as a 'gentle' man.
labour party will launch billboard advert using image from famous 1979 'labour isn't working' poster. but instead it will warn: ‘the doctor can’t see you now’    party claims 600 fewer gp surgeries across england are now open in the evening and weekends compared to the last election. but tories claim many of the problems stemmed from labour's 2004 changes to gps contracts.
germanwings flight 4u814 to venice was diverted to stuttgart as airbus a319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil. another germanwings flight forced to make unscheduled landing in venice after passenger and flight attendant fell ill. budget carrier said a passenger and a flight attendant suffered 'an acute feeling of sickness'    the flight was carrying 145 passengers and five crew when it turned around and landed at venice marco polo airport. it comes less than two weeks after a germwings plane crashed into the french alps, killing all 150 on board.
the illume arclighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc and contains a rechargeable lithium-ion battery. its inventors, based in edmonton, canada, claim it is the first flameless gadget of its kind. instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters, the device creates an arc between two ceramic electrodes. it lights in any direction and can be used to ignite candles, incense and paper. the device costs cad$40 (£21) via kickstarter and is expected to ship in november.
three centres in cardiff, london and northumberland to open offering proton beam therapy. treatment centres will be available to nhs cancer patients by 2017. announcement comes weeks after parents of five-year-old ashya king revealed he was given the 'all-clear' after receiving the treatment. brett and naghmeh king took son out of hospital without doctors' consent and he was diagnosed with brain cancer.
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $10 prize up for grabs. he stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces'   sam backed down after a minute's hesitation and ran off 'to be sick' after sam's ruled out of the game, his younger sister charlie confidently steps up to the mark.
the official website of the sydney royal easter show lists the retail value of showbags contents. some of the bags cost more than it would cost to buy the items outright. the showbags cost anywhere from $10 to $30. the official website also displays the prices of entrance fees and rides for the annual carnival.
ambermarie irving-elkins was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday morning when she felt contractions. she thought she had time to run some errands before heading to the hospital - but baby malachi was born in the hallways. she was told to stop pushing - but she could not. the baby boy was healthy and was rushed to hospital.
u.s. president barack obama says diplomacy is the best way to deal with iran's nuclear program.   obama said he expects a 'robust debate' on the deal in the us. israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said the new agreement would 'threaten the survival of the state of israel'
pete bennett, 33, won the seventh series of big brother in 2006 and was given £100,000 of prize money. he is now broke and living off the charity of friends and spends each night sofa surfing. he appeared on jeremy kyle show to reveal he is homeless. pete believes fame on the show kick-started his addiction to ketamine. seven of his friends have died from drug-related incidents since becoming famous.
raymond howell jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in mckinney, texas on thursday morning. friends say he died of a bullet wound and that he was found four miles from his school. he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students. police confirmed that it was suicide but have not confirmed how he died.
the prime minister was pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork on a campaign visit to poole, dorset. mr cameron insists he has never tried to hide his 'poshness' and refuses to change the way he speaks or behaves. he was pictured with lilli docherty and her daughter dakota. ed miliband was mocked for trying to eat a bacon sandwich on the campaign trail last year.
nigel farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with hiv in general election debate. ukip leader was accused of ‘dangerous scaremongering’ but latest official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed were born overseas. labour leader ed miliband branded the comments ‘disgusting’ and former england captain gary lineker called farage a d***.
steven mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute luciana maurer, 23, dozens of times at his home in stirlingshire. father-of-two was high on cocaine when he carried out unprovoked attack while his partner was on a night out. his young son was asleep in the room next door while he raped two more vice girls. as she lay dead on the floor, he called two more women over to his family home and raped them. he pleaded guilty to murder and rape and faces life in prison at the high court today.
phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a burmese court last month. he posted mocked-up image of buddha wearing dj headphones on facebook. 32-year-old bar manager has dual new zealand and british nationality. human rights campaigners claim he has been 'abandoned' by the foreign office.
landon carnie and his twin sister lorie were initially thought to have died when the first flight of operation babylift crashed minutes after take-off. the 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy field a day after the disaster. landon is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the scene of the crash scene in vietnam.
susan house was out walking her dogs at the time of the explosion in theddlethorpe, lincolnshire. fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard, blowing the back wall and windows out of the farmhouse. the 55-year-old went for a walk shortly before the blast and returned to find her home in ruins. police and fire crews are not treating the explosion as suspicious. the explosion is believed to have happened in the kitchen of the poultry farm.
the bus and train lie abandoned in the great smokey mountains in north carolina after being used to film a scene from 1993 film the fugitive. the scene was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus and cost $1.5million to shoot. harrison ford's character dr richard kimble escapes from a prison transport moments before he is hit by the train. director andrew davis used 13 cameras to film the scene and three were destroyed in the process. the vehicles have since become a popular tourist attraction 23 years after the action scene was shot.
jessica chastain recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at the osborne apartments on west 57th street in manhattan. two residents from the building say the building is supposedly haunted by spirits. the actress and her boyfriend, gian luca passi de preposulo, recently purchased an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms. one resident thinks the ghosts of opera singer johanna gadski and architect alfredo taylor are thought to haunt the building. the bodies of gig young and kim schmidt were found in an apartment in 1978.
greg gibbins and his friends were at the beachcomber hotel in toukley on the central coast, nsw on sunday night. the 28-year-old rugby league player was stabbed in an alleged random attack. he went into cardiac arrest after he was seriously stabbed but later died in hospital. a friend, 25, was also stabbed and remains in a serious condition in hospital .
the noose was found in a tree on duke's north carolina campus at 2am wednesday morning. the student in question has admitted to hanging the noose and is no longer on campus. the university is not identifying the student, citing federal education laws protecting student privacy. noose sparked a mass protest on the campus.
programmer martin bellander used free images from bbc, google art project and other sites to create the graphs. software extracts the colour information from images and plots it in a nice way. all colours except orange change from orange to blue over time. the graph shows a trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th century.
woman was carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol when she tried to attack police headquarters in istanbul. picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged. attack comes a day after turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz, 46, died in hospital after being taken hostage by far-left group. he was shot in the head and chest at a courthouse in the city on wednesday. police have detained 22 members of the revolutionary people's liberation party-front.
trevor duffy, 19, of the bronx, died in november after a night of heavy drinking at an off-campus party. court papers filed by two students who were expelled from the university at albany after duffy's death. duffy drank a 60-ounce bottle of vodka during the hazing of pledges at an unsanctioned fraternity. police say duffy died two days after drinking large amounts of alcohol.
leila alavi was a 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser who was found stabbed to death in her car. she had taken out an apprehended domestic violence order against her ex-husband mokthar hosseiniamraei. her sister mitra alavi has revealed her sister was on a mission to find a women's refuge to escape her estranged husband. she was found dead inside her car at auburn shopping centre in sydney's west. police alleged that ms alavi had a history of domestic violence against her husband.
officers in paramus, bergen county, responded to a goat headbutting a door in the wealthy suburb on saturday. the animal was captured by three policemen and handed over to animal control. the goat was not injured in the incident. police are still working to find the owner of the goat.
periscope, twitter's new iphone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched a week ago today. app developer justin esgar is warning parents about the app's 'land mines' and insists that they need to monitor their children's use of it. women are reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the app. the app is already crawling with men who are using the anonymity of the app to sexually harass women. if users fail to turn off the location sharing feature, their video streams are accompanied by a 'zoomable' map which allows others to pinpoint their exact locations.
kinessa johnson from yelm, washington state, works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife. she trains park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers. she insists the organisation's intention is not to harm anyone and refutes claims she is a 'poacher hunter'   she joined the group last november after a four-year stint as a weapons instructor and mechanic.
scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection after 'highly promising results' in the first 138 healthy adults. ebola has killed more than more than 10,460 people in a year across six countries including liberia, guinea, sierra leone and us.
police are searching a pond near carrsville, virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of anjelica 'aj' hadsell, 18, who has been missing since march 2. longwood university freshman was last seen driving near her parents' home in norfolk. her stepfather wesley hadsell was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours. he has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will. police have not ruled out foul play in the disappearance of the teenager.
bomb expert david hyche came up with the device when his daughter turned blind nine years ago. he has shared his idea with the alabama institute for deaf and blind in birmingham. a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let of a beeping sound. hyche is now a special agent at the bureau of alcohol, tobacco and firearms.
lib dem leader nick clegg said idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work' said it would be a'messy' way to run the country and risked instability. told voters to go to the ballot box on may 7 expecting a hung parliament. mr clegg hopes to hold the balance of power after may 7. labour pm gordon brown tried to pull together a 'rainbow coalition' of several parties in 2010.
the queen and senior members of the royal family will attend the westminster abbey service of thanksgiving. chain of beacons will be lit across the country, spitfire and lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies and a star-studded concert will be held in london. queen will lead the nation at a religious service marking the 70th anniversary of victory in europe. on ve day - may 8, 1945 - the queen famously joined the jubilant victory celebrations.
the rapper, whose real name is robert van winkle, appeared in palm beach county court on thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge. he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor in lantana, florida, for allegedly stealing from the $1million home. police say he stole items from the house while he was filming his reality show inside an adjacent home.
colin barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in western australia.    search parties have not been successful in recovering mh370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year. this comes as the wife of an australian passenger on mh 370 spoke of her heartache. she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
part-time actor was flying from newcastle airport to gatwick with six £1.80 tubs of pease pudding in his hand luggage. staff at customs thought it could 'technically' be classed as semtex, a plastic explosive. the 58-year-old offered to let security taste the pudding to prove it wasn't. he was warned to pack it in hold luggage the next time he travelled.
shigella infections were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic, india or other countries. the superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and puerto rico. cases of shigellosis are known as 'delhi belly' or'montezuma's revenge'   the bacteria is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults.
the echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off rye beach, a popular surfing and fishing spot on victoria's mornington peninsula. the prickly australian mammal was filmed using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel. echidnas are 'proficient' swimmers and are found all over australia.
more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip. they were finally being rescued by the indonesian fisheries ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching. the fishermen described being beaten, kicked and whipped with stingray tails and given electric shocks.
the 13 letters were estimated to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000 at a sotheby's auction wednesday. the letters were installed at yankee stadium in 1976 and were taken down in 2008. reggie jackson, the current owner of the letters, purchased them for an undisclosed amount after the stadium's final game. only person who raised a paddle at the auction was an employee trying to jump start the bidding.
transport for london rules mean asylum seekers and refugees are exempt from criminal records checks. applicants from outside the eu must provide a letter of 'good conduct' from their home country. but refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal criminal history. legal loophole could allow murderers and rapists to get behind the wheel as cab drivers.
colin turnbull, 69, was found in a 'compromised position' with rozina khanim at £13,000-a-year independent priory school in birmingham. governor at the school walked in on pair while they were engaged in sex act during entrance exam day. mr turnbull was told to 'never return' by senior staff at the catholic private school.
prime minister's wife swooped into rochester and strood, the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer. mrs cameron joined tory candidate kelly tolhurst for a visit to abbey court school in rainham, kent. david cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick mr reckless's 'fat arse' out of the commons.
environmentalist group sea shepherd ship 'bob barker' has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship. the poaching vessel thunder was trailed for more than 100 days before it sank on monday. the crew members were safely rescued after being held in life rafts off the coast of africa. the toothfish poaching vessel was followed by the sea shepherd vessel bob barker. it was the longest pursuit of a poacher in maritime history.
producer known as naughty boy has been working on zayn malik's solo music. posted a clip of a track entitled i won't mind, but has since taken it down. he retweeted a fan video which angered one direction fans and former bandmate louis tomlinson. louis tweeted at the producer saying he was 'inconsiderate'    he has previously worked with cheryl cole, rihanna and emeli sande.
labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before answering correctly. he was asked to work out the multiplication at the q&a after he gave a speech in leeds. labour's shadow chancellor last month revealed he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths.
the scandfit try size has been dubbed ‘the boob-job bra’ and claims to take you from a b-cup to a c cup. comes with four pairs of inserts which can be layered to create different sizes of cleavage. at a size 34b, annabel cole has long dreamed of having a bigger bust but would never have surgery. she decided to put 'the bra' through its paces in three variations.
it's long been known that earthquakes and seismic activity contribute to making the earth ring like a bell. as ocean waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves. these combine with long waves on the ocean's floor to create a constant hum. the hum can be as low as an e flat, 20 octaves below middle c on the musical scale. a french team found ocean waves colliding generate seismic activity, but it takes 13 seconds to complete a single oscillation. the largest hum coincided with a johanna storm in march 2008, and was caused by ocean waves.
number of muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the world's population, according to pew research center. religion's share of world’s population will equal christian share - at 32 per cent each - in 2070. by 2100 around one per cent more of the population will be muslim than christians. the largest proportion of the religion's followers will be in india. number of atheists, agnostics and those who are religiously unaffiliated will also decline.
yahya rashid, 19, of willesden, north west london, was due to appear at westminster magistrates' court today. he was arrested at luton airport having landed on a flight from istanbul. officers from mps counter terrorism command arrested him on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism.
becky watts, 16, went missing from her bristol home in february and her body parts were found 11 days later. her dismembered body parts had to be identified by her dna after being found. her step-brother nathan matthews, 28, faces a murder charge in connection with her death. an inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings take place.
barronelle stutzman, 70-year-old owner of arlene's flowers and gifts in richland, washington, was fined $1,000 for refusing to serve same-sex couple robert ingersoll and curt freed with flowers for their 2013 wedding. a benton county judge ruled that her refusal to provide the flowers was a violation of anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws. nearly half of the money has been raised in a gofundme.com campaign for the florist. she cited her religious beliefs when she refused to serve the couple.
ralph vaughan williams's work topped classic fm hall of fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes. it was played as hayley cropper took a lethal cocktail on coronation street last year. rachmaninov's piano concerto no. 2 and elgar's enigma variations also in top five.
general merchandise sales up 0.7 per cent - the first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses. m&s fashion chief belinda earl was parachuted in as style director in september 2012. mother-of-two ran debenhams, jaeger and aquascutum before becoming ceo. she is also the woman behind the £199 suede skirt worn by alexa chung and olivia palermo. celebrity underwear ranges by rosie huntington-whiteley and david gandy also helped increase sales.
simon mitchell, 44, stole from donna's dream house, a charity for terminally ill children in blackpool, lancashire. volunteer worker claimed to have close celebrity contacts to gain the trust of the organisation. he pleaded guilty to two counts of theft after a three year investigation. mitchell stole a laptop and tomtom sat nav from the charity. he was meant to be helping the charity by raising its profile after a devastating arson attack in 2011.
beckky schoenig of st. louis, missouri was shocked when her brand new 2015 ford fusion was stolen from her driveway on monday night. police found her car and returned it to her on april 1 with new red rims and detailing on the sides of the car. she was shocked to learn that her car had been found and returned to her a month after it was stolen.
bryan santana, 20, of orlando, florida, was found guilty of the murder of his roommate, shelby fazio, 23, on thursday. he was sentenced to two life terms in prison for stabbing and strangling her to death in october last year. he killed her and sexually abused her body, then killed her dog, and wrote messages in her blood on the wall. he had previously admitted to the murder and attempted murder of another roommate.
steven howie, 28, left his girlfriend karen murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries after an hour-long assault. he punched, kicked and kneed her and pulled the door of their hotel room off its hinges. miss murray was unable to call police because of poor phone reception at lonely inn. pair were due to attend hogmanay celebrations at stirling castle on new year's eve last year. howie was found heavily intoxicated in hotel car park with blood on his t-shirt after attack. he was sentenced to eight months in prison after admitting assault and giving a false name to police.
shaquille omar hallisey's attack in cardiff was described by a judge as 'a savage demonstration of violence in a public place'   victim matthew leeke, 38, had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place.   he was left with cuts to the back of his head and forehead and a fractured skull.
janet muller's body was found in the boot of a burning car in ifield, west sussex, on march 13. the 21-year-old university of brighton student died as a result of smoke inhalation. christopher jeffrey-shaw, 26, has been charged with her murder. police have released video stills and footage of her night before her death. she was seen walking in a subway in portslade the night before she was found dead.
kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk. 58- year-old siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period. he was jailed for four-and-a-half years at warwick crown court after admitting fraud and deception. when arrested he told police: 'i played him'
benito gonzalez jr.,46, was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a cherry hill starbucks in may 2014. new jersey police lieutenant pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a starbucks. he says his post-traumatic stress disorder is to blame. the father-of-three was diagnosed with ptsd after a traumatic incident in june 2011 when he was shot by a drug dealer and considered suicide. he claims he was intoxicated and in a blackout state as a result of the trauma.
the queen is hiring a sous chef who can order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from her royal gardens. successful applicant will have to travel to various royal residences for three months of the year. the job pays around £28,000-a-year and is based at buckingham palace. queen's former personal chef, darren mcgrady, reveals her majesty enjoys a gin and dubonnet before bed. she also likes venison, jam sandwiches, chocolate cake and jam sandwiches.
pope francis asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world for christians persecuted because of their faith. he urged the international community not to 'look the other way' during his easter monday address. the pontiff stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken. he has been increasingly vocal about the plight of christians around the globe.
graffiti artists painted 30 phone booths in five hours overnight to raise a smile with stressed-out beijing residents. eight-strong team of artists painted the booths in the style of disney character baymax from big hero 6. artist xiao wang said they wanted to paint the phone booths for project 'beijing warmth'   they spent five hours working on the booths, using 24 cans of paint.
the wraps came off the prototype of the new honda civic at the new york international motor show. swindon factory will be exporting the five-door hatchback version of the car around the globe. currently, just over half of the vehicles produced at the factory are exported to the continent.
not all identical twins are truly identical, some are'mirror image' twins and some are more alike than others.   twins share the same blood group, the same hormones and the same serum proteins. it's likely that they will have grown more identical over time as their identical dna asserts itself. twins are an endless source of fascination and fascination for many.
david light, account director at the data partnership, revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people. admitted ignoring official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable. said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information.   company has a 60-seater call centre in the philippines and calls hundreds of thousands in britain.
helaman barlow, who was chief of the bordering towns of colorado city, arizona, and hildale, utah, said he acted on the orders of the church's leader warren jeffs out of fear of losing his family. he said he taped conversations with law enforcement officials and passed them on to jeff's. barlow said he lived in fear that the church of latter-day saints leader would take his wife and children away from him.   barlow says he has now left the church and is revealing the secrets after leaving the church. jeggs continues to direct the church despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year
flight ei 660 from dublin to vienna was forced to return to dublin airport less than an hour into its journey. 120 passengers were on board the flight and it was not an emergency landing. incident was the second incident of the day at the airport, after two ryanair planes collided.
a blue and yellow bathing box on brighton beach in melbourne has sold for a record $276,000. a 100-year-old mechanic’s garage in sydney has been converted into a home for $1.2 million. the old kilmore gaol in victoria is up for sale for $2 million after being a jail for 18 years. a former maximum security goal has also sold for more than $1 million.
retired hairdresser theodosia aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in london five years ago. her toilet and bath began overflowing with raw sewage after a blocked pipe. she was forced to sleep in a room filled with sewage for three nights. the pensioner is now desperate to find a new home and hopes to move.
olly taylor, 27, is serving up his version of the easter feast at black milk cafe in manchester's northern quarter. the meal contains the equivalent of 97 teaspoons of sugar or 388g of sugar. it is served in half an easter egg, with two types of cereal, mini eggs, brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs. the breakfast is available for £7 at the black milk cereal cafe in the city's north quarter.
hayleigh mcbay, 17, pretended to dump her boyfriend david clarke via whatsapp at midnight on april fools' day. college student from elgin in moray, scotland,    she texted her partner with the words: 'i don't want to be with you any more'   but he pretended that he also wanted to break up with her and replied: 'thank god you said it first'
jack rivera, a new york trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday. driver of a black suv, identified as 49-year-old laura michelle mayeaux, later admitted she was trying to take her own life. incident shut down the highway for at least two hours.
nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. the nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the district of columbia. team collected nearly three terabytes of data - 30 percent of all of the printed material in the library of congress.
bloomberg, 73, is 'considering' standing for london mayor's job in 2016, according to reports. he was elected to the top big apple job three times in a row and has business interests in the city. boris johnson, who was born in new york city, has said he thinks of london as his'second home' johnson once joked about swapping jobs with bloomberg.
the dessert contains four 7-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four chocolate flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream. it is on sale at the wicked waffle cafe in north end, portsmouth, for £25. only two people have managed to finish the dessert.
the disabled cat, called freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced. a woman appears to call over the dogs before leaving the cat to die in agony. police are investigating after a person pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds. the 90-second attack was captured on cctv by a neighbour.
kathleen blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 second ave. has been reunited with her two cats, kitty cordelia and sebastian. they had spent the past six days hiding under her bed in her abandoned apartment which is still under a full-vacate order. two people died and 22 were injured in last week's gas explosion in new york's east village.
mother-of-two cheryl howe, 32, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome at the age of 12. suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs.   she has been fighting for six years for treatment on the nhs, spending £2,000 a year on razors. cheryl says her body hair has cost her jobs and relationships. she finally got approved for nhs funding for laser hair removal treatment, costing £10,000.
police say edward nudel, 41, of staten island broke into his relative's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old pomeranian named lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner'   nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, nudel called the relative and said 'i killed lola' nudel is facing a slew of charges including felony counts of assault and aggravated cruelty to animals.
fugitive armed robber michael wheatley walked out of open jail in may while on day release despite a history of escapes. new rules were introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails. two judges at london's high court threw out rules introduced by justice secretary. ministry of justice today announced they would appeal against the ruling.
science writer and biologist dr joe hanson has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements. a 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million of oxygen and 85 million of carbon. the average adult human body contains around 16kg (35lbs) of carbon and enough oxygen to fill 6 elephants. dr hanson says his formula only represents the chemical make up of a human body at birth.
remington'remi' walden, four, was killed three years ago when his family's jeep grand cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended. he was killed when the jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in georgia. a jury ruled that chrysler was 99 per cent at fault for the crash and the pickup driver was 1 per cent.
150 art fans took part in national gallery of australia's first ever naked art tour on wednesday evening. the hour-long tour was led by artist stuart ringholt. the tour is a no-frills after-hours viewing experience of the nga's current exhibition, 'james turrell: a retrospective'   the tour highlights the 70-year-old american artist's 50 years of work. mr ringholts has guided nude gallery tours at the museum of contemporary art in sydney and mona in tasmania.
jason cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet after she tried to end relationship. he sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex partner to her children and set up 67 facebook profiles. he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in and threatened to post it on her facebook page. he knew his victim from childhood and knew she had been previously involved in making sex tapes. the 42-year-old was jailed for 12 weeks and banned indefinitely from contacting his victim.
protests in melbourne turned violent when anti-islam and anti-racism groups clashed. police formed a wall to separate the separate rallies. it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti- islam groups has mocked protests. 16 rallies were scheduled to take place across australia, but sydney and melbourne drew the biggest crowds. it was originally thought reclaim australian had handed over the reigns to one of their supporters. organisers of the protest disassociate themselves with the account and say it's not linked with the group.
home secretary theresa may said police will have to record islamophobic attacks as a separate category.   new requirement will create first accurate picture of extent of islamophobia hate crimes in britain. charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-muslim hate crimes since 9/11. in 2013-14 police recorded 44,480 hate crimes across england and wales.
melbourne singer daniel buccheri toasted his brother adrian and his new wife sarah at their march 29 wedding in melbourne. the unique speech has been viewed over 100,000 times online. daniel composed the tune to the popular music from artists such as sam smith and the backstreet boys. he sang of his love for his brother to the tune of stay with me.
homecamp, which launched in january, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation. each night costs an average of $30. there are currently more than 50 australian homeowners using the website. one sydney host, steve york, has already had four bookings on homecamp.
kenneth lombardi, who goes by ken, was a red carpet reporter for cbs new york. he claims he was forced to quit his job in november after two alleged sexual harassment incidents involving two male colleagues. duane tollison, a senior producer at cbs, allegedly kissed his former colleague at a christmas party and grabbed his crotch. albert 'chip' colley, the cbs evening news director, allegedly came onto him during an after-hours meeting at hell's kitchen bar and sent him links to porn sites. he is suing cbs for violation of labor laws, emotional distress and discrimination and claims the network failed to reconcile his complaints.
catherine nevin was allowed out on day release despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband tom shot dead. the 62-year-old was allowed to attend an addiction studies course at mountjoy prison. tom was shot dead in the couple's pub, jack white's inn, in dublin, ireland, in march 1996. an unsuspecting commuter sat next to her as she took the bus unaccompanied after leaving prison.
nicola sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in tv debate. judy murray, mother of tennis star andy, tweeted about her triumph. snp leader could hold the balance of power and decide who forms the next government.   for most people outside scotland, this will have been their first proper view of the first minister.
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 at the nou camp in champions league clash. brazilian ace neymar scored twice as barcelona cruised through to the next round. gerard pique and ivan rakitic were the best of the barcelona defence. david luiz endured a miserable evening for the former chelsea defender.
the southern poverty law center in february filed a lawsuit against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond, a transgender woman. diamond, 36, identifies as a female and has been on hormone therapy since she was 17. diamond says she has been subject to ridicule and even sexual assault while behind bars. the justice department says prison officials must treat an inmate's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
olsi beheluli claimed he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess. 24-year-old was a member of a gang selling'significant quantities' of class a drugs. posted a picture of himself surrounded by £250,000 in cash on twitter. officers said he enjoyed living the 'high life' and gambling with the money he made from drug dealing. more than £4million worth of heroin and cocaine was found when police raided gang's'stash house'    he was jailed alongside besim topalli, 29, and azem proshka, 23, for a total of 31 years at blackfriars crown court.
national union of teachers wants 45-minute lessons followed by 15 minute play time after lessons. many children are not ready to sit down and do reading, writing and maths at age of four or five. wants uk to follow the lead of countries such as finland which has 45 minute break times. teachers want to support play in the curriculum for five to seven-year-olds at annual conference. it is likely to say lunch and break times are being used for 'coaching and cramming' with classmates.
the collection was created by legendary make-up effects artist rick baker. the collection from baker's cinovation studio is worth an estimated $746,100. some of the items are expected to fetch more than $40,000. the items will be auctioned off at the hilton universal city in los angeles, california.
labour leader's looks proved a hit with viewers during last night's debate. fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his'sexy grey tie' and smouldering looks. mr miliband, 45, is not the first politician to be dubbed 'the sexy mp' by fans.
jayden wingler of phoenix, arizona, was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. the youngster was injured at phoenix's castles n' coasters amusement park on march 27. he was in a bumper boat ride with his 12-year-old brother when their gas tank exploded and it caught on fire.
australian choreographer wade robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child. los angeles superior court judge mitchell beckloff will decide on tuesday if the two men can sue jackson. jackson's alleged child victim, james safechuck, will also be in court. both men missed a statutory deadline when they filed their claims more than a year after jackson died in 2009.
carla zampatti's ss15-16 collection was a nod to the excessive glamour of the eighties. stars including delta goodrem, shanina shaik and terry biviano were on the front row. the show kicked off mercedes benz fashion week at sydney's opera house.
tyler kost, who appeared in court on monday, was arrested last may for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old, most of whom were former classmates at poston butte high school. kost's defense said new evidence taken from facebook and instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse. the prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims, but defense attorney michael alarid said he needs the communications of at least 8 other people to prove it. tyler has been in jail for over a year since a group of teenage girls accused him of sexual assault.
one of australia's most loved cooks, lyndey milan, has teamed up with aldi to create easter lunch recipes for less than $6 each. the home cook icon created the recipes to feed six people for easter. the recipes include greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and hot cross bun and easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline.    the recipes were created by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an easter feast.
jamal al-labani was an oakland gas station owner. was in yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's 2 1/2-year-old daughter. he was trying to get his family out of the war-torn country and take them to oakland. but he couldn't because the us has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and most airports are closed. his family said he was struck by mortar shrapnel after leaving a mosque tuesday and soon died.
savannah guthrie and carson daly dressed as danny and sandy from grease for the show's first ever lip sync battle. al roker, willie geist and natalie morales were judged by tv star and model chrissy teigen for their performance of sia's chandelier.
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the two-story 1840s creole home after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand its parking lot in central city, new orleans. the couple spent seven months renovating the home while respecting the home's original floor plan and using salvaged materials. the home was put in storage for a year before they moved it to the freret neighborhood of the city and renovated it.
david cameron will set out conservative case for people keeping more of their own money. more than nine in ten working households are given an average boost of £200 a year to incomes. prime minister will say it is 'wrong – frankly immoral' for government to spend money 'like it grows on trees'    shadow chancellor ed balls will point to figures showing families are £1,100 a year worse off as a result of tax and spending changes.
bbc one's the billion dollar chicken shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant's rebranding exercise. viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on twitter after last night's episode. kfc has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year and a billion of that comes from the uk.    the show showed scenes of a food stylist using hairdryers and tweezers to prepare food for adverts.
the strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer gordon ewen using a telescope at the bottom of his garden in letchworth, hertfordshire. it is a sun spot, a formation of magnetic fields on the surface of the sun. sun spots range in size from 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide. the photograph of the chick-like sun spot was taken on march 10 at midday.
ile louët is perched in morlaix bay in brittany, france and is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests costing just £145 for two nights. the island is a 19th century lighthouse keeper's cottage that was used by the lighthouse keepers from 1857 to the 1960s. the lighthouse island can be hired for the small sum of €200 (£145) for a two-night stay.
faris al-khori, 62, was found with a hoard of chemicals and bomb-making instructions at his flats in edinburgh. he had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and notes on how to make a bomb. items were discovered by chance during a fire in a rubbish chute at a block of flats. police found a small amount of a highly volatile explosive lead picrate in one of the jars. he pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 explosive substances act and was jailed for three years.
former great british bake off contestant, iain watters, is back to revive easter classic, the simnel cake. the irishman created a modern twist on the classic with pistachios, figs and nutmeg.    the cake is decorated with orange zest and edible rose petals.
britain struck oil in the falklands this week in a remote field of the islands. discovery could be worth billions of pounds and increase fears of renewed conflict with argentina. officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in argentine territory. it comes on the 33rd anniversary of argentinian invasion of islands in 1982. defence secretary michael fallon has warned of a'very live threat' from the country.
in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection, the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the same dress. the $88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range. lord & taylor has admitted it paid the bloggers to wear the dress.
eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to michael jackson, after a fire at the garold wayne interactive zoological park in oklahoma. authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the march 26 fire that destroyed two reptile enclosures and a video production studio at the park. only one of jackson's alligators escaped the blaze. joe schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said the fire was arson and most likely an attempt to cover up a burglary or theft. no one has been charged in the case.
rutgers university has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus for the rest of the spring semester after several alcohol-related problems this school year. a 19-year-old student caitlyn kovacs died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party in september. under the ban, the university's 86 recognized fraternities and sororities will be allowed to hold spring formals and other events where third-party vendors serve alcohol.
david beckham and holly willoughby voted the stars we would most like to have as parents. ed sheeran and channing tatum voted the best brothers and sisters. sharon and ozzy osbourne voted the perfect family. survey by ripley's believe it or not! revealed the perfect celebrity family.
watchtowers will monitor border between poland and russia using cctv and range from 115ft to 164ft. cost polish government £2.5million to build and will monitor 124mile long border. comes amid heightened tensions between two countries over conflict in ukraine.
vatican medics told francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk. his weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica. he is being encouraged to take more walks in a bid to improve health. the 78-year-old catholic leader has a sedentary lifestyle.
kim ki-jong, 55, was also indicted on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction. u.s. ambassador to south korea mark lippert was allegedly slashed with a razor blade at a breakfast forum on march 5. he required 80 stitches to close up the wounds on his hand, arm and face.
latoya tilson, 33, took out a.25-caliber handgun and fired several times into crowd in college park, georgia. she was allegedly trying to break up a fight after being hit in the face by someone. one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in buttocks, but another hit her son pierre, 15, in the head. pierre was rushed to hospital but died two days later with bullet lodged in his head. he had apparently been trying to protect his sister, 13, from the other boy. tilson was arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault and cruelty to children.
vietnamese labourer pham quang lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar. but the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection. fearing he couldn't afford treatment, he went to hospital with headaches. doctors discovered a dozen maggots crawling under the skin of his head. doctors say the infestation ate diseased tissue that could have caused a fatal infection.
motiongate dubai theme park is set to open in october 2016, and will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions. the park is expected to attract over three million tourists annually. lionsgate has partnered with dubai parks and resorts to open the attraction.
andy murray attended barcelona's champions league quarter-final second leg clash with best man ross hutchins. the british no 1 watched lionel messi and co defeat psg 2-0. murray is currently in barcelona as he trains on clay courts with jonas bjorkman.
passenger hugh roche kelly was flying from berlin to paris yesterday morning. he posted on his twitter account about the pilot's speech to dispel the 'tense vibe' of the flight. the germanwings co-pilot said he wanted to stand in front of all the passengers to look him in the eye. andreas lubitz deliberately crashed flight 4u9525 into the side of a mountain in the french alps, killing 150 people.
molly wood, 74, died after the burgundy kia venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward', trapping her under the wheels. pensioner's sister, 70, was also injured in the incident in pontefract, west yorkshire. she was on a shopping trip with her younger sister, who was also hurt in the accident.
andy jordan stars in a spring/summer campaign for his clothing range, jam industries. andy, an avid surfer, co-owns a surf school in devon and is an instructor. he has launched his very own line of surf-inspired city wear with his brother. the made in chelsea star is also a talented musician and singer.
bayern munich beat porto 5-0 at the allianz arena in the second leg of the champions league semi-final tie. thiago alcantara, jerome boateng, robert lewandowski, thomas muller and xabi alonso all scored for the home side. porto's marcano was sent off in the 73rd minute for a second bookable offence. pep guardiola's side lead on away goals after the first leg at porto 3-1.
louis jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast more than two months ago. he said he survived by eating raw fish and rain water and reading the bible from cover to cover. jordan refused medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder and appeared to be well-fed, with pale, unblemished skin.
gary kroeger said he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for iowa's 1st district. he was a cast member on saturday night live from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying donny osmond in a sketch with julia louis-dreyfus. he moved back to iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons.
sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device, move it through specially designed channels and blast it from the front via a turbofan. it is on sale in japan for ¥39,350 (£220) and is available in crystal red, champagne gold and pearl white. the fan is powered by a dc motor and can blow out seven times more air than it sucks in.
trooper billy spears posed for the photo with snoop at south by southwest in austin. department of public safety trooper was told he has 'deficiencies indicating need for counseling'   bosses called snoop a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges' snoop requested the photo at the rapper's request. spears was only reprimanded with counseling and advised to say no when asked for a picture.
john terry led chelsea to a 0-0 draw against arsenal at the emirates on sunday. jamie carragher believes john terry is the best defender to have played in the premier league. jose mourinho hailed terry's performance against arsenal as the 'best' he has seen.
member of al-qaeda stormed a prison in southeast yemen and freed more than 300 inmates. two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes. reports today say yemeni rebels have seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi's palace. at least 44 people reported dead in fierce fighting between opponents and supporters of hadi.
rachel jaajaa, 22, and 29-year-old aaron tate's daughter was found on friday night at a mcdonald's in elyria, ohio. a patron called 911 after seeing the three-month-old baby alone on the floor. police say   aaron left the child alone and then drove away . another employee told police   it was the father’s 'turn to have the baby' and she had plans. they were both charged with child endangering.
stuart, 33, claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust pipe. claim was made by his ex-girlfriend sophie who was furious at being accused of cheating. stuart later appeared on jeremy kyle show to deny he had used the excuse.
jamie silvonek, 14, and army spc caleb barnes, 20, charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy in the death of her mother, cheryl silv onek, 54. cheryl was stabbed several times in the neck inside her car after driving her daughter and barnes to a concert. barnes was on leave from fort meade at the time of the murder. jamie texted barnes hours before her mother was killed, 'i want her gone'   the teen told barnes she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and was afraid for her life.
jayla currie from berne, indiana, is a part of the wee ones nursery program at the indiana women’s prison, a program that allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies. the 23-year-old is serving a 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession. her son jayden celebrated his first birthday at the prison with a party that featured donated presents and a cake.
ronaldinho came on as a substitute in queretaro's 4-0 win over club america. the former barcelona and brazil forward scored two goals in quick succession. tigres monterrey moved up to fourth in the clausura after a 3-0 victory over monterreys.
amanda knox and former boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of meredith kercher. she was sensationally cleared of the murder of the 21-year-old exchange student. knox is pledging to work for others who claim to have suffered miscarriages of justice. she said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed . she has vowed to return to italy to write about the judicial system.
tripadvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations. sofia, bulgaria, is the best value for britons with a one night's stay and room service at £63.78. london is the third priciest destination in the world, after new york and zurich. eastern europe boasts six of the world's 10 best value destinations.
james weld stumped up £15,000 to end a three-year stand-off with natural england over access to durdle door beach. the steps to access the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012 . mr weld says the government body'shirked' its duty to reinstate the steps under the coastal access act. he says the steps are part of the coastal path down to the beach on the jurassic coast of dorset.    natural englands claimed the steps did not form part of a coastal path and said they were not responsible for them.
jasmine midgley was born with a birthmark and her parents were told it was nothing to worry about. at 10 weeks old, it had started growing into her throat, almost closing over her airways and choking her. doctors told her parents she had bronchiolitis - a common infection of the airways . she was rushed back to hospital and diagnosed with a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma . jasmine was treated with medication which shrunk the blood vessels over two weeks and doctors were surprised she survived.
chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution' to reverse'steady' decline in first-time buyers getting a home. since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first time buyers on the housing ladder. george osborne wants to double the number of people buying their first home by 2020.
two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned sandbanks peninsula for £13million. the beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and sea views. they are the latest in the so-called millionaires' row in poole, dorset, to go on market. one of the homes has five en-suite bedrooms and the other has an extra bedroom. the homes are built on a 3,000sqm plot and can be bought as a pair or separately.
eva pusztai-fahidi, 89, says seeing former ss officer oskar groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction'    'for me it's not about the punishment' and 'it's more about the purpose of the trial'  groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder and faces up to 15 years in jail if convicted. eva mozes kor, 81, publicly embraced groening last week and said he should not be prosecuted. her co-plaintiffs suggested she should not have taken part in the trial.
cara newton, 32, was told she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009. she was diagnosed with ewing's sarcoma, a rare type of bone cancer. had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility. after ivf failed, she and husband chris feared they would never become parents. 10 months later she became pregnant naturally with baby sebastian, who was born last april.
david cameron will announce all children who do not pass tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school. around 100,000 pupils a year do not passing the english and maths tests before they leave primary school. prime minister said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind.
neil bantleman, who also holds british nationality, was found guilty of abusing three boys at the jakarta intercultural school. teacher was sentenced to ten years in jail and ordered to pay a fine . his supporters insist he is innocent and expressed concern over the rule of law in indonesia. the sentence has sparked outrage from his supporters and the international community.
former lecturer martyn reuby claims he was'sacked' by union after complaining about being hired on zero-hours contract. tribunal rules he was employed to teach union's courses at a string of colleges. labour leader ed miliband has received more than £13million from unite since becoming leader. expenses watchdog confirms 68 labour mps have used zero-hour contracts in past two years.
the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for easter saturday. adelaide will have the clearest skies out of all the states, according to the bureau of meteorology. the moon is set to turn blood red this easter weekend. this month's total lunar eclipse could be one of the shortest since 1917.
john mccallum, 27, was sentenced to 20 - 45 years' in jail for second-degree murder of francesca weatherhead, 25. he crashed into her car while fleeing police after a botched burglary in detroit, detroit. mccallum was paroled five months after being sentenced to a maximum of 20 years for the crime. he had only months before married her college sweetheart matthew weatherhead in june. he apologized to mrs weatherhead's husband as he was sentenced.
ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early february. nearly two months after the crash her three daughters, alexa, julia and danielle brody, have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident. the cause of the collision remains unknown and brody's daughters say that people are still jumping to conclusions about what happened.
lacey spears of scottsville, kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life. spears was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of garnett-paul spears at a suburban new york hospital. spears chronicled her son garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'garnett's journey' and other social media. the judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty'
hannah campbell, 30, was serving with 19 tank transporter squadron in basra when a mortar bomb exploded in 2007. shrapnel damaged her womb and she was blinded in one eye and had leg amputated. doctors told her she would never have another child after the blast. she defied the odds and gave birth to daughter lexi-river in march last year. but ten days after birth she suffered stomach pain and was rushed to hospital with a mystery illness. she has since split from long-term partner and lexi's father anthony mcmorrow after struggling to recover.
david cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder. miliband's body language looked as manicured and choreographed as a torville and dean routine. nicola sturgeon is a smiling assassin, making her a tricky opponent for cameron to stand next to. farage was diminished during the debate and it was the women who won the debate.
nicola sturgeon was hailed the shock winner of the tv debate according to one snap poll. comres put him on 40 per cent as the best prime minister, with ed miliband on 28 per cent. mr miliband trailing david cameron and nigel farage in average of four polls of viewers. tories rushed out a poster depicting miliband in snp leader's pocket after the debate.
more than 60 per cent of americans have admitted to being ashamed of their homes. general mess, dated carpets and kitchens and unfinished diy projects top the list of embarrassments. martha stewart's home tops list of celebrity homes people would most like to see inside.
aidan turner, 31, appears to have a thicker chest of hair in new images. the actor has previously admitted to using baby oil to show off his body in poldark. fans have questioned where the actor's chest hair has gone. he has been promoting another bbc series being human.
the technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector. unispectral technologies and tel aviv university say it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance. a tricorder is a scanning device used by starfleet personnel in the star trek universe.
josh mason, who is standing in lib dem-held redcar, said deputy prime minister was 'not the most popular'    after lib dem hq heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing u-turn. mr clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since the 2010 election.
robert dellinger, 54, told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median and plowed into a couple's suv. john timmons, 29, and amanda murphy, 24, were killed instantly in the crash in lebanon, new hampshire. the former fortune 500 executive was eight months pregnant and was driving at more than 100mph. he pleaded guilty to negligent homicide in the deaths of the couple and their unborn baby. during his sentencing wednesday he said he has 'never been suicidal'
prince harry will deploy to australia next week for a four-week secondment with australian defence force. he will spend time in capital canberra, sydney, darwin and perth. will visit the war memorial and take part in 'indigenous engagement' programmes. harry is due to arrive in the country on 6th april and will report for duty. he last visited australie in 2013 and will split his time between the four cities. he has visited the country twice before, most recently in 2013.
purvi patel, 33, of granger, indiana was jailed for 20 years for feticide and neglect of a dependent. she told medics that she gave birth to a stillborn baby and disposed of the body in a dumpster. ms patel purchased abortion drugs from hong kong online to cause a miscarriage. she denied that she was pregnant and told doctors she was two months pregnant.
the 28 minute movie was filmed on board the epping ongar historic railway in south-west essex. a woman dressed as a school girl has sex with a man in a vintage train carriage. locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to american adult film company brazzers. epping ognar railway has apologised for allowing the railway to be used as a backdrop for the film.
dunkin donuts' new spring menu contains two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-caloric loaded bagel, one 640-calory chicken-filled pretzel bun and two new flavors of the chain's cheesecake square donuts. the pretzel roll chicken sandwich contains 68 per cent of your daily allowance of salt. the only 'healthy' option on the new menu is a 210-calories snack n' go steak wrap, which contains 25% of your recommended daily saturated fat intake.
mind diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad and a glass of wine. lowered the risk of alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who followed it meticulously. diet is a hybrid of the mediterranean and dash diets. includes 10 'brain-healthy foods' and five 'unhealthy' including red meats and margarine.
marcelo and mario suarez will miss the second leg of the champions league quarter final at the bernabeu. both players were booked in the 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon on tuesday night. real madrid and atletico madrid will be without both players for the return leg. marcelo has blasted the performance of referee milorad mazic after being booked.
emma jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in hull, hull, a year ago. her neighbour, mark ray, 56, turned up his tv on full blast and refused to turn it down. she asked him to turn the volume down but was subjected to a barrage of abuse. mr ray, who was unemployed, threatened violence and stalked her family. she was forced to move home and now lives in fear of finding out his new address.
lauren bacall died in august aged 89 in her manhattan home, which is currently on the market for $26 million. she bought the property for just $48,000 in 1961 and lived there for the rest of her life. a hand-colored etching by naturalist john james audubon sold for $173,000 at the auction at bonhams new york.
lorraine cobourn cannot even handle bananas following the incident that left her with a broken hip. 51-year-old had to leave her job as a barclays bank clerk after being hit by a yellow taxi in may last year. she has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling to deal with psychological damage. the mother-of-two was struck by one of derby's distinctive yellow hackney carriages in the city centre.
high school students in north east china's jilin province forced to leave school grounds to eat their lunch. school has banned all pre-packed lunches and cut their lunch break from one hour to 30 minutes. has erected barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling at its back entrance.
paul ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. facebook inc. and owner mark zuckerberg have until monday to release all emails to defense lawyer robert ross fogg.
jasper and jasmine will be'married' in a charity event in melbourne to raise money for pug rescue and adoption victoria. the rescued pugs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems. both dogs were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind. the wedding will take place at the st kilda beachfront in may. more than 300 people are expected to attend the extravagant event. the couple will be dressed by pug lover and event designer christian wagstaff. all funds raised from the event will go to the charity, which rescues and cares for pugs.
rotherham charged with fielding an ineligible player in sky bet championship match with brighton. farrend rawson was on loan from derby and played 90 minutes in 1-0 win on easter monday. manager steve evans claimed his player had been recalled after the game. case will be heard by a disciplinary panel before the end of the season.
andy mcilvaine, 33, proposed to his 30-year-old girlfriend kelley mulfinger on a flight from baltimore to maine in october. he was carrying three bottles of champagne when a group of southwest employees gave him a $100 voucher. he wrote to the company's ceo to thank him for the gift. southwest then threw a wedding shower for the long-distance couple.
benjamin netanyahu said the deal will 'increase iran's aggression and terror throughout the middle-east'    president barack obama has hailed the agreement as a 'historic understanding' but critics say it leaves scope for iran to cheat.   thousands danced in the streets of iran celebrating the landmark accord.
plus-sized blogger callie thorpe signed letter backing labour leader ed miliband but later tweeted praise for green leader natalie bennett. she was listed as a receptionist but also describes herself as a 'plus size style and lifestyle blogger'   party had revealed letter signed by 100 people 'from all walks of life' supporting mr miliband included a benefit fraudster and ex-mp.
a man has allegedly crashed his car into a house full of people and attempted to set it on fire before stabbing a man to death. the 50-year-old driver will front court on tuesday faced with a string of charges after police allege he rammed the car into the home at delaneys creek, north-west of brisbane. police say five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it. the driver then allegedly climbed out of the smashed vehicle and stabbed a man, 50, to death . he has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder. the
former national security chief zhou yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets. he is an ally of bo xilai, the top official jailed over the murder of neil heywood. mao zedong's widow went on trial for treason with the rest of the 'gang of four' and could be executed.
kathryn beale, 41, is part of a cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers. she whizzes it into smoothies or into pills for women convinced of its health benefits. swindon council is claiming that her services pose a danger to mothers. mothers say eating placentas has helped to increase milk supply and reduce post-natal bleeding. celebrities including maduary jones and alicia silverstone have eaten their own.
new jersey governor chris christie is being called a bully for the way he interacted with a teacher at a town hall meeting tuesday night. kathy mooney questioned christie's decision-making behind a $225million legal settlement with oil company exxonmobil. the state's largest teacher's union is calling christie out for his 'nasty and disrespectful' behavior. christie blamed the union for their role in the current pension system.
kadeem brown, 25, and little tierre clark, 5, were killed in a taxi crash in the bronx, new york on friday. the driver, 44-year-old emilo garcia, jumped the curb and crashed into a group of people waiting at a bus stop. police say garcia suffered a seizure moments before the crash and was driving a taxi. he struck and killed kadeem and little tierre, who was waiting with her mother at the stop .
head of salahuddin provincial council said fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days. prime minister haider al-abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit and arrest those responsible. militiamen have spray-painted the names of their groups on homes and other buildings.
more than 7million front lawns in britain have now been paved over - raising risk of flooding. royal horticultural society is calling for people to plant hedges, trees and flowers. 95 per cent of people say being in a green garden boosts their mood.
nsw traffic and highway patrol command shared the bizarre image on their facebook page. the incident occurred on bridge st in hornsby on the upper north shore of sydney. the car is covered in hundreds of chili peppers. it is believed to be a regular occurrence for the car owner. it was shared with the caption 'the heat is on' by police.
charles kane, 46, was arrested thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex at a movie theater in spencerport, new york. he is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters. he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the girl was in fact an undercover police officer. kane had posted a craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship. he had been communicating with the officer for months before he showed up to meet up with the girl.
angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006. they were told their donor was a 'phd student, eloquent-speaking' and'mature'   but in june 2014 they discovered his name was james christian aggeles. he is said to have schizophrenia, has spent time in jail and dropped out of college. the company allegedly inadvertently revealed his identity in a number of emails.
mohammad liaqat launched into a 'racist tirade' at mount carmel school headteacher after muslim students were told they could not grow beards. the 34-year-old racially abused white staff at the catholic high school in accrington, lancashire. he then moved on to another school, where he assaulted the headmaster of a primary school. he was found guilty of assault and racially or religiously aggravated behaviour at burnley crown court.
jesse roepcke, 27, was taken to jail sunday in ormond beach, florida, for pointing a laser at passing cars. as he was being strip-searched, a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum. police say the man told officers he was just having fun with the laser and did not know it was illegal. he was arrested on charges of possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband.
the icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor. video captured by icefin shows eerie footage of an active seafloor 500 meters under the ross ice shelf. technology developed for icefin will also help in the search for life on other planets.
kayla mooney, 24, is in her first year teaching science at danbury high school in connecticut. she allegedly had sexual contact with a male student off campus last year. she has been charged with second-degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor.
the total eclipse of the moon was visible from western u.s., canada, australia and new zealand. it lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of a century. it is the third in a series of four blood moons, the final one will be visible from europe on september 28.
foreign gps now account for 11 per cent of family doctors, up from 19.8 per cent in 2004. royal college of gps estimates nhs will need to hire 8,000 more doctors over the next five years. many gps are retiring early and moving overseas in search of better conditions.
hiv specialists and network security experts at university college london created a model of how the virus spreads. it accurately predicted patients' progression from hiv to aids in a major clinical trial. they say early treatment is key to staving off aids. model was inspired by similarities between hiv and computer worms.
under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than the over-50s, official figures show. workers aged 18 to 24 received 10.6% pay rises last year, compared to 1.2% for over-64s. the gap between pay rises for young and older workers has widened in the past five years.
jan hansen's egg took him three days to make and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars. he hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for st barnabas hospice. the egg is made from 352lbs (160kg) of chocolate and covers an iron frame. the chocolatier will sell off the egg in pieces to raise money for the charity.
daniel demarco was arrested on friday at 2.45pm in elmwood park, new jersey, after police approached him because he 'looked suspicious' and found him in possession of a bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia. new milford officer daniel demerco, 28, was charged with possession and being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and dwi. he is employed as an officer for the police department but police have not said if he will face suspension.
the tsa got to keep $675,000 in spare change left behind by travellers at airport security last year. over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes. funds collected by the transportation security administration appear to be increasing every year. if no one comes back to claim the money the tsa are allowed to keep it.
nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans. two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles at officials at the end of south sydney-canterbury game. sideline interchange official darren alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles. nrl officials and officials were struck with projectiles after a controversial penalty was awarded to rabbitohs in the final minute.
youtube user joe penna and animator jeff schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project. penna solved a whopping 1,296 mini rubik's cubes 961 times to create the short animated video. the robot love story features a robot building a spaceship and finding love. the project took four people between three and four weeks to complete.
the pictures were taken by professional photographer scott gable, 39, who spent four months travelling across china, thailand, vietnam, laos and cambodia documenting the labour of rice farmers. rice is a staple food for more than one-half of the world's population and 87 per cent of it is produced in asia. mr gable was determined to capture every stage of production from the planting to the harvesting to the shipping of the rice.
80 current and former heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children. letter was signed by the heads of schools and backed by david cameron. labour and senior lib dems appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls. ed miliband said labour would 'have a proper local authority framework for all schools'
colin mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy at a mcdonald's drive-through in coolalinga near darwin. he was allegedly bashed with glass bottles and windscreen wipers after he waved at the family thinking they were his friends. police were called to the mcdonalds after reports of a 'violent disturbance' at 7.15pm on friday.
mike holpin, 56, says he wants more children because it is 'god's will' and says he loves sex and won't use contraception. 16 of his children have been taken into care and he lives in a council house and claims benefits. he claims he has 40 children by 20 women and keeps a family tree tattooed on his back. but former friends say he has as few as 16 children with three women.
pat ingles, 69, from edinburgh, lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer. she loves to dress up in sexy outfits and dance on tables until the early hours. her family say she's great fun and don't think she's embarrassing. she enjoys pole dancing with friend julia church, 67, who also loves to party.
deputies in national assembly vote to punish anyone who 'incites' people to become dangerously thin with a year in prison and fines of up to £7,000. mps rejected a ban on super-skinny models from the catwalk in france in march. around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in the country.
toni elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett's boat house in franklin, tennessee. when she spat out the oyster she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. she was eating at the eatery and thought she was chewing on a tooth.
small businesses and restaurants will be forced to close over the easter long weekend due to the cost of penalty rates on public holidays. many operators will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay. the australian chamber of commerce has launched a campaign to voice their concerns. the too big to ignore campaign will allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed. the penalty rates will come into force across good friday, saturday, sunday and easter monday.
claire coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test. fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with their own make-up ranges. topshop beauty, marks and spencer and primark stock a range of nail polish and lip colour.
harold ekeh, 18, from long island, nigeria, has been accepted to all 13 ivy league colleges. he moved to the u.s. 10 years ago with his parents roseline and paul. says he had no idea he would be accepted by all the schools. his essay described his family's struggle to fit in after emigrating to america. he says he has set a high bar for his four younger brothers.
the 216 prisoners, including 40 children, believed they were being led to their execution, but instead, were piled onto a minibus and driven to peshmerga positions. the yazidis have been held captive in the islamic state since last summer. they are made up of women, children and the elderly and are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect. no reason was given for the release of the prisoners.
new zealand zoo is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step over the fence and into the lion's den during feeding time. orana wildlife park in new zealand's christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions. 20 people, including visitors and zoo keepers, climb inside to have lunch with a lion.
direct assist, based in bolton, lancashire, told one complainant they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim. information commissioner's office and telephone preference service registered 801 concerns about company. every complaint came from someone who was registered with the tps. direct assist has now gone into liquidation after being fined by privacy watchdog.
jamyra gallmon, of washington d.c., was arrested on wednesday and charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the murder of david messerschmitt. 30-year-old married lawyer was found dead in his dc hotel room on february 9 after being stabbed in the back. he texted his wife kim vuong that he would be home in an hour but never showed up. police had released surveillance video of a 'person of interest' who was seen entering the hotel. police sources said that the woman in the video is gallmon. gallmon attended forestville military academy in maryland and was an exemplary student.
boston runbase is just a few blocks from the finish line and even closer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 boston marathon. it is a combination clubhouse, interactive museum and retail store that will open april 16. visitors can learn about the history of the race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill and see artifacts from its 118-year history.
fitness guru ashy bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she shared were copied from other websites. the 26-year-old fitness guru has almost one million followers on social media. ms bines also revealed she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child. she said she left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was 'better qualified'    the gold coast-based fitness guru also revealed people had been making negative remarks about her baby.
australia's civil aviation safety authority has placed higher safety restrictions on thai airways. china, south korea and japan have banned new charter flights from any thai airlines. un's international civil aviation organization found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety. thailand is the only thai airline that regularly operates in australia. casa has increased the number of ramp inspections of thailand's flights to and from the country.
tidwell middle school student, 13 or 14, started a blog called 'killing children' on website wattpad in august last year. it featured 11 stories about killing his classmates. the boy was removed from class and his parents withdrew him from the school. the district and the boy's parents said the stories were 'horror fiction' but he was allowed to return to school last month. district attorney has confirmed no charges will be laid, saying the blog was protected by the first amendment.
cal calcium formations on ‘altamura man’ - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 - suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old. now researchers plan to sequence his dna to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors.
locations in ceredigion, powys and pembrokeshire are also being used to radicalise muslims. officer from wales extremism and counter terrorism unit says activities 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' in community. incidents of islamic extremist activity in wales can be traced back to 1998.
donna hussey, 32, has been targeted on facebook and branded a 'bad mum' by trolls who blame her for the death of her son freddie. three-year-old was crushed to death when a runaway trailer mounted the pavement and crushed him. trailer came loose from passing land rover and crushed toddler against a wall in bedminster, bristol. driver tony davies, 38, was spared jail after admitting causing death by careless driving. but mrs hussey has blasted his six-month driving ban and 200 hours of community service as a 'joke'
photographer victor albert prout travelled along the river thames in a makeshift boat where he developed negatives in a dark room. the collection is the oldest documented record of the houses of parliament and windsor castle, dating back more than 150 years. the images are to be sold as a collection at the oxford book fair and are estimated to sell for £30,000.
ukip leader has vowed to stand down as leader if he fails to win parliamentary seat in thanet south. diane james has insisted the party would carry on if nigel farage failed to become an mp. she said there are future leaders waiting to 'put their hats in the ring'    she named ukip mep patrick o'flynn, paul nuttall and douglas carswell as potential future leaders.
ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects. it is the only known plant species to respond to the lunar cycle and produces the droplets at night. researchers from stockholm university studied the plant for four years and found it secretes the sugary fluid to attract insects.
joseph getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of £1,000. his relative andrew getty was found dead at his mansion in hollywood, naked from the waste down. getty had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped.
bryan santana of orlando, florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate shelby fazio, 23. he is accused of strangling and stabbing her to death, and then having sex with her corpse. he was described by prosecutors as 'delighting' in the pain he allegedly caused her.   he is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog and using its blood to write messages on the wall.
john noble, 53, sent a 270 page package to the las vegas review-journal explaining why he shot himself in the head at the m resort on easter sunday. noble was upset because he had lost his lifetime free buffet pass to the casino's buffet for harassing female employees. he was banned from the buffet after he allegedly harassed staff at the resort after the death of his mother norma. noble sent a two hour dvd and a letter to the newspaper explaining his reasons for killing himself.
dozens of workers at the factory in mauritius have been sacked and deported following the strike. bangladeshi migrant workers were surrounded by police officers who charged at them with batons. as many as 1,800 workers went on strike over pay and conditions at whistles and topshop factory. 69 of the women have been deported to bangladesh and scores more fear for their jobs.
peter thurston, 80, takes his vessel out on the river swale in kent regularly. he started building the caravan boat to take his mind off his recent divorce. the catamavan has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables.
foreign aid spending is set to increase by an extra £1billion over the next two years because of new eu rules. uk has met the target to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on overseas aid. britain spent £11.7billion on foreign aid projects last year and is the second largest donor in the world.
john shipton's two-bedroom home at 36 kent street, newtown in sydney's inner west was first put on the market for at least $1.1 million, but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-march. the home was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a victorian villa. it was last bought by his partner catherine barber in 1989 for $130,000. assange's father is still seeking refuge in london’s ecuadorean embassy.
physicists have argued for 40 years that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving clues. dejan stojkovic at the university at buffalo says information isn't lost once it enters a black hole. he says interactions between particles emitted by black holes can reveal information about what is inside. the research could solve the 'information loss paradox'
university of sydney is running a 17-week bridging diploma for year 11 students at scot's college. eight students gained 'direct entry' to the university after completing the program. the program allows students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate. student groups and university staff are concerned about the program's implications for the university's reputation. tuition, sporting and curricula fees for the prestigious private school top $30,000.
lhc is the world's largest atom-smashing machine and was shut down for two years to be upgraded. scientists hope it will be able to detect and describe dark matter for the first time. the machine is most famous for proving the existence of the higgs boson.
novartis accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ‘cheap, safe and effective’ treatment for sight loss. it has ‘bullied’ experts who have tried to prove cancer drug can be used to treat wet age-related macular degeneration. bmj says drug company has consistently tried to ‘undermine and divert attention’ from trials to prove avastin works. it is estimated widespread use of the drug would save the nhs around £102million a year.
john smith, 45, from connah's quay, north wales stage-managed several collisions over three years. cars and vans were driven into the side of first group buses to create fake crashes. passengers on the bus were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam to falsely claim from insurers. smith was convicted of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud at manchester crown court. nine other defendants were also found guilty of organising the collisions. the crashes took place between october 2010 and january 2012 and earned ringleader john smith £159,000.
south australian senator penny wong's partner sophie allouache gave birth to baby hannah in adelaide on good friday. it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter alexandra in 2011. ms wong, 46, shared the news with her 100,000 twitter followers on tuesday morning. hannah was conceived through ivf by the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to three-year-old.
the 5,300-ton hms talent limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months. royal navy top brass are investigating the incident. collision ripped a 6ft hole at the top of the conning tower of the submarine. defence officials are adamant that it struck 'floating ice' rather than a russian sub.
etienne gould nunan was born at melbourne's monash hospital weighing a tiny 558 grams. he was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed and weighed just 26 weeks in the womb. he spent 138 days in hospital before being allowed to go home after spending almost five months in hospital. he developed pneumonia, suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections. his parents carman gould and jonathan nunan have praised medical staff for taking care of their son.
celebrities with home cinemas include benedict cumberbatch, robbie williams and george clooney. planning application submitted for david beckham's home earlier this week showed plans for a 'cinema room'   average cost of family visit to the cinema is £100, but it starts at £1,000 for home cinema.
cpre president sir andrew motion, who is demanding a national clean-up, accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside. winchester council chiefs claimed it was too dangerous to collect roadside litter. said annual clean up hit by new health and safety executive rules to protect litter-pickers from traffic.
julian lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the cairngorms, scotland, without any equipment. the 42-year-old solo climber has been solo climbing for almost 30 years. mr lines was captured grappling to find footholds and handholds in the sheer rock face.
ambulance bosses make 21,500-mile round trip to hire paramedics on £4,500 'golden hello' payments. london ambulance service has just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne. nhs is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in britain. each trip to australia costs ambulance service £90,000 in flights and hotel bills.
snp leader nicola sturgeon said rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in scotland because they don’t live as long. snp leader demanded the retirement age be frozen - in a move which would cost billions of pounds. she issued a demand for a huge inflation-busting increase in the state pension. parts of scottland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the uk. she said the flat rate pension should increase to ‘at least’ £160 a week.
after speaking to president barack obama on the phone, he said a deal based on the framework 'would threaten the survival of israel'    netanyahu urged more pressure to be placed on iran by western powers until a better deal is reached. preliminary agreement set out a framework where iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium.
detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst. cherry appeared on nbc 4 new york to'sincerely apologize' for shouting at an uber driver. detective cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked hyundai when the driver honked his horn. the officer was filmed screaming at the driver and berating him. the video was viewed more than three million times on youtube. cherry has been placed on modified duty and will lose his badge and gun.
some 35,000 gathered on the white house south lawn monday morning for the 137th annual easter egg roll festivities. president obama read from his favorite childhood book where the wild things are. mrs obama joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage to show off her dance moves. this year's theme of the event is 'gimmefive' which is part of the first lady's campaign to get people to be more active.
sculptor dave poulin has admitted to being 'disappointed' in his work after a campaign to have the statue of lucille ball removed. residents of celoron, new york, hometown of the comedienne, say the statue is'monstrous'    the bronze sculpture is 'by far my most unsettling sculpture' and he has pledged to make a new one for free.
quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like. move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in ireland, germany and the netherlands. british farmers are likely to find the price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down. dairy farmers have been under pressure in the past year as a result of a global glut in milk.
most of us post pictures of our 'luxurious' holidays on instagram to show off the best of travel. but the reality of travelling can be a little different to the pictures posted on social media. the great wall of china, the louvre and the brandenburg gate are just a few of the world's famous tourist attractions.
gwyneth paltrow, 42, has the body of a woman half her age on holiday with chris martin . femail has rounded up the best bikini bodies in hollywood. halle berry, gwen stefani, cindy crawford and carmen electra all show off toned bodies.
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula before he was jailed by yemeni officials. two days ago he was freed from prison along with 300 other inmates. pictures show him posing with an ak-47 in the governor's palace in mukalla, yemen.
tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, which glow under uv light. they could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams instead of treatment plants. around five per cent of homes in the uk have pipes that are misconnected. tampons can glow in ultra-violet (uv) light, because they absorb chemicals found in products containing ‘optical brighteners’ which are used to whiten colours. experts think tampons could be a cheap solution to detecting pollutants in rivers.
the men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping russia. comes ahead of a military parade in red square on may 9 to mark 70th anniversary of end of the second world war. design bureau of russian defence ministry showcased balaclavas, shiny'military boots', sweat pants and tops. the brand is called the army of russia . the reference to 'polite' is a phrase used by russians to justify takeover of crimea last year.
v stiviano showed off new braces while out to lunch in los angeles on thursday. the 32-year-old was joined for the male by an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth. she and her friend enjoyed lunch at il pastaio, a favorite of the kardashians. this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former losangeles clippers owner donald sterling.
ian walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife tracy by deliberately driving his truck into a tree at 84mph. two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck as it hit trees, court told.    court told tracy walters died after making a flurry of calls to police about sex-obsessed husband. walters denies the murder of his wife, who died two days after the m1 crash in leicestershire.
police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. wednesday in the bryan center plaza in durham, north carolina. it is now under investigation by duke university and the police. incident comes just two weeks after students allegedly chanted a racist song at a black female student.
pascal tessier, 18, has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders. the boy scouts' new york chapter has hired him as a summer camp leader. his hiring is in contrast to the national scouting organization's ban on openly gay adult members. the national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders.
high winds blowing sand across the united arab emirates have caused travel chaos in dubai and abu dhabi. four flights bound for dubai international airport had to be diverted because of poor visibility. visibility drops to less than 500 metres and people are wearing masks to protect their lungs. a 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after his car crashed in the sandstorm.
man entered a branch of the u.s bank in the city of santa cruz and handed cashier a note demanding money. his blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse prompted comparisons with mrs doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name. the 25 to 35-year-old man made off with an unknown sum of money.
madison small, from ashburn, virginia, woke up in the night with a severe headache on monday and was rushed to hospital. she passed away suddenly on tuesday morning after feeling ill. the virginia medical examiner's office is investigating the cause of her death but so far a diagnosis has not been given. her father, tim small, said she was otherwise healthy.
boris majnaric, 75, of south jordan, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit. he spent more than $40,000 fighting the city council in court to have the aviary torn down. neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise .
president obama said the thought of malia obama, 16, heading to college has him crying on a daily basis. the 11th grade student is already visiting colleges and will go to college in the fall of 2016. she hasn't even finished high school. malia's younger sister sasha, 13, won't start thinking about college for a few years yet.
the drug was developed by british pharmaceutical giant astra zeneca to treat certain types of tumour. but was shelved after it proved ineffective. scientists at yale university say treatment restored memory in mice with alzheimer's disease. study has led to launch of human trials to test the efficacy of the drug in patients.   there are 850,000 people with dementia in britain and one million in the uk.
anthony stokes, 17, died on tuesday after he crashed a stolen honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in roswell, georgia. when he was 15, he received a heart transplant at children's healthcare of atlanta. he was initially refused a transplant because doctors said he would not be compliant with the treatment . he had been given six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list because they thought he would be 'non-compliant' with the operation. after pressure from his family, he was put on the list and received a new heart in
the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four's 1967 album sgt pepper's lonely hearts club band. the model has emerged for sale almost 50 years later after being listed for auction by a private collector. the gnome is next to the legs of george harrison on the album's cover.
shocking footage has emerged of a man stabbing a bouncer outside a melbourne nightclub. police say a man had been ejected from the club late thursday night when he returned and attacked the security guard from behind. the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. police have expressed their 'disgust' over the incident. in a separate incident, another security guard was stabbed in melbourne.
the city dates back around 5,000 years and lies beneath the nevşehir fortress in turkey's otherworldly region of cappadocia. it is thought to be the biggest underground city in the region, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens. the city was built from volcanic ash rock and dates back to the byzantine era. it was discovered when builders saw signs of a network of tunnels while moving earth.
lauren crawley, 54, a housewife from kings langley, hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant. surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear damaged a facial nerve wrapped around it. facial palsy, or weakness of the facial muscles, can stop eyelids closing properly. her left eye was permanently open and she couldn't blink properly. she was given an implant that makes it easier to close her eyelid.
zoe dennise prince, 28, was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year. she claims she was required to inspect around 1500 harnesses every day and wasn't given sufficient breaks. ms prince was working on the tower of terror thrill ride. she has developed intersection syndrome and de quervain's tenosynovitis in her right wrist.
suzanne adams' son james robshaw was born with cerebral palsy after hospital staff failed to carry out a caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour. united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries. her son, now 12, cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair. it is the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury in medical negligence case.
maria malone-guerbaa, 41, from london, used only her brushes and paints to transform herself into a bunny. the mother-of-two took three hours to achieve the look. she simply googled pictures of bunnies and copied them onto her face.
nathaly hernandez has lived at the home of the innocents nursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old. she was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement. nathaly was filmed as she performed a passionate lip-sync to miley cyrus' wrecking ball.
lisa williams, 49, hit taxi driver david coleman three times with hammer after finding him fighting with her brother in the street. the two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the colemans moved in next door in 2007.   she was jailed for 30 months at snaresbrook crown court after she was found guilty of maliciously wounding mr cole man.
gang of four were seen trying to hack into an atm outside a waitrose supermarket in kenilworth, warwickshire. they used angle grinder and crowbars to cause £20,000 of damage to the cash machine. they then fled police in a stolen audi at speeds of 145mph in the stolen car. police helicopter followed the gang of four as they fled the scene of the attempted raid in the car. driver dean beech, 37, was found by police dog handlers hiding in bushes after being tracked by thermal imaging cameras. all four gang members have been jailed after admitting conspiracy to steal and aggravated vehicle taking.
shaun andrew mckerry, 31, attempted to rob a post office in shildon, county durham, with an axe. he was subdued by owner sab dhillon who rugby tackled him and his wife with a baseball bat. he committed his first offence at the age of 11 and has committed more than 1,000 offences. dubbed 'boomerang boy' because he always returned home after his crimes and was dubbed a 'one man crime wave' by locals.
gul ahmad saeed, 25, is alleged to have killed his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings on sunday. he is also suspected of killing his own parents, brother and sister-in-law. saeed is said to have been angry at her uncle's refusal to give permission to marry. he has been on the run since and is believed to be in the semi-autonomous pashtun area.
charlles terreni jr was found dead at the pi kappa alpha house at the university of carolina on march 18. he had a blood alcohol level of.375 when he died. he was four times over the legal alcohol limit. the fraternity has been suspended pending an investigation.
valerie cadman-khan, 56, from middlesbrough, appeared on this morning to talk about wrongful arrest case. she was handcuffed in front of her daughter aimee, now 19, when she was 12. cleveland police accused her of child neglect after she was arrested over claims of neglect. the mother-of-five has successfully sued police for wrongful arrest and won her case. but valerie said she has not yet received an apology from the police officer who arrested her.
michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women. former lib dem councillor, 50, used party's offices in ashfield, nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for films. some of the clips show women bound with leather straps and drenched in fake blood. she was a county councillor from 2009 to 2013 before losing her seat.
passengers travelling to edinburgh and zadar, croatia escaped injury after two ryanair planes clipped wings at dublin airport. budget airline's planes collided as they taxied to a runway shortly before 8am this morning. it's the second time in six months two planes have collided at ireland's busiest airport. both passengers were taken back to the terminal by bus and delayed for hours.
scientists used a new technique to reconstrcut the patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old. the shells are covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots. scientists believe the shells include 13 entirely new species of cone snails. they were found under ultraviolet light to reveal traces of pigment still in the shells.
scientists funded by cancer research uk studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten men with the disease. disease claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the uk and could lead to better treatment for 42,000 men diagnosed with the illness.
labour leader’s secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ‘relish the chance to show who i am’ ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the salford itv studios. mr miliband appears to exhort himself to 'use the people at home' in handwritten notes. labour leader faced criticism last week for his ‘stiff’ performance in televised debate.
many punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016. organisers mushroom group released a statement on thursday announcing the decision. due to low ticket sales and high operational costs, the festival could not continue. the decision comes just one month after the festival was headlined by drake and avicii. punters blamed the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts.
the melbourne penthouse is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country. it is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper australia 108 and boasts 360 degree views of melbourne. the 750 square metre apartment will have a private grand foyer and glass elevator. the chinese businessman plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed. the apartment is the tallest apartment block in the southern hemisphere and is 319 metres high.
frida kahlo wrote passionate love letters to catalan artist jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist diego rivera. the letters are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000 dollars at auction. 25 of the letters will be auctioned off at doyle new york on april 15. frida and jose met when she was recovering from surgery in new yorks and had a secret three-year romance. the archive of more than 100 pages was written in spanish between august 1946 and november 1949.
anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last june near resorts world casino in new york city when a car cut in front of him and refused to change lanes. when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was driven for several blocks by a retired nypd officer named robert muller. police arrived on the scene and arrested him for menacing behavior and harassment, but muller was let off the hook by fellow cops. corrale has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by muller, a retired police officer. the incident occured outside the resorts world casino in queens
ambra battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days after she reported incident to police. she claimed hollywood producer harvey weinstein, 63, groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a 'business meeting' at his office in manhattan. it has been claimed she tried to use the accusation to secure a movie role. she was interviewed by prosecutors but her former lawyer withdrew from the case. she attended a matinee of the weinstein-produced broadway play 'finding neverland' the day after submitting her police report. she claims weinstein did not deny the incident but recorded conversation shows he did not.
luo kun kun was expelled from his village when villagers signed a petition to banish him. the eight-year-old was diagnosed with hiv when he was five years old. he was forced to play alone in his home village and was described as a 'ticking time bomb'    he was refused admission to local schools and locals would avoid contact with him, so he spent his days playing in the woods alone. after being banished from village, he has now been admitted to a specialist school in linfen, china. the school is the only school in china equipped to look after and educate hiv-positive children.
woman's body was discovered at derby motor boat club in sawley, leicestershire, on sunday night. she is thought to be in her 60s and was found floating in the water at the marina. a 65-year-old man has been arrested and released on bail in relation to the woman's death. a post-mortem failed to establish a cause of death and police are treating the death as'suspicious'
joe sullivan, 46, will leave his role as facebook's security chief to help defend safety concerns. he is the first federal prosecutor to specialize in high-technology crime. uber has been plagued by claims that drivers are not properly vetted. the firm's ceo travis kalanick announced the hire in a blog post on friday.
roy keane, 43, has denied committing a public order offence. it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver fateh kerar, 44, in altrincham, cheshire. he is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to taxi driver. keane will stand trial at manchester magistrates' court on june 19. republic of ireland assistant manager is currently assistant manager of the national team.
passengers on virgin atlantic's new 787 dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on facebook. #skyhighselfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's 787 routes. mood lighting to help with jetlag, windows that can be darkened and full-length mirrors in the bathroom.
mark jones is accused of killing 41-day-old amelia rose jones when she was 41 days old. baby died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital after being babysat by her grandfather. jones, 45, denies murder at newport crown court and is being tried by a jury. his daughter sarah jones told court he complained she was a 'bloody nightmare' the day before she was taken to hospital. she said he told her he had had a 'difficult night' with the child and called her a 'child'   jones claimed he dropped her off on two separate nights after accidentally slipping on a toy and fainting
sikander rafiq, 34, and samara jabreen, 32, lied to birmingham city council about their relationship. couple claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support. jabreen claimed to be a private tenant and asked for payments to be sent to her landlord. but court heard she was the sole carer for their three children.
six infrared cameras mounted around the f-35 lightning ii jet allow pilots to 'look through' the air-frame. all of the information - airspeed, altitude and warnings systems - is projected straight onto the helmet's visor. each custom-made helmet costs $400,000 and is millions more than the original budget due to development problems. the jet is considered one of the most complex pieces of weaponry ever and is programmed with 8 million lines of software.
allie davis, 21, based in minneapolis, delivered her boyfriend the ten-question document yesterday. he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship'   she posted the results of the stunt on twitter, revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent.
29-year-old pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony to his death on wednesday night. mr saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries. he was on the phone to his wife in india at the time of the tragic fall. it is believed he was leaning on a wooden railing which gave way and fell to the concrete metres below.   he was in australia on a long-stay work visa, and had been working in sydney in recent years.
tracy morgan was spotted out with his fiancee megan wollover and their daughter maven in new jersey on monday. it comes almost one year after he was hospitalized following his horrific auto accident. morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident . the actor was accompanied by his friend james mcnair and three others .
'marine photic zone euxinia' took place in one of the oceans 200 million years ago. this is when surface waters become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide. scientists at the university of southampton fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the burning of fossil fuels.
'i am sightless in my right eye,' senate democratic leader harry reid told fusion and univision anchor jorge ramos. reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a new year's day exercise accident. the lawmaker said he was working out in his nevada home with a plastic exercise band when he broke his face. he has had 11 hours of surgery and said he may never be able to see out of his right eye again. rumors have persisted since the accident that the mob may have been involved, even though there's no evidence to suggest it.
ruba khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence . she called the osceola county sheriff’s office on monday telling the dispatcher that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever i can kill' because she wanted to be deported to jordan. authorities say she has a history of mental instability.
ambra battilana, 22, claims hollywood producer harvey weinstein, 63, asked her for a kiss and put his hand up her skirt during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night. after the alleged incident, she called police and they monitored a phone conversation with him. he voluntarily spoke to police and denied the accusations but a recorded conversation shows he did not deny the incident, it has been reported. he is cooperating with police and has requested a lawyer. weinstein is accused of groping the model at his office after meeting her at a red carpet event.
alexander bradley testified at aaron hernandez's murder trial on wednesday. a former friend of the ex-new england patriots player, he says he was his drug dealer and then his best friend.    bradly cannot reveal his claim that hern andez shot him in the face in a separate incident in february 2013. he will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand hernandez a black glock pistol in a miami hotel.
professor ninian peckitt, 63, is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face to correct a fracture. he claimed he had simply 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face but witnesses said he was hitting him.    he faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three of his patients.
the little owl was photographed from just six metres away by dean mason in beaconsfield, buckinghamshire. the birds were playing a game of tug-of-war with his two siblings on a tree branch. the owls were photographed by hiding in a camouflaged shelter.
researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord looked at military records of 3.9million personnel who served after 9/11. found no direct link between deployment to a war zone and elevated suicide rates. suicide rates were similar regardless of whether or not servicemen and women were deployed to iraq or afghanistan. leaving the military significantly increased suicide risk. service members with a dishonorable discharge were about twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had an honorable separation.
wayne kyle gave his first interview since eddie routh was sentenced to life in prison for the murder of his son chris kyle and friend chad littlefield at a gun range in 2013. he said it was difficult to attend the trial and sit in the same room as his son's killer. chris was the most lethal sniper in u.s. military history and was shot dead at a texas gun range . mr kyle was the first to teach his son how to shoot a gun, and gifted him his first weapon at the age of 8. he described the american sniper movie as an 'absolute disgrace' for the way it portrayed his other son
the six-month-old kitten had fallen from a building in zetland, inner-east sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries. it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood. the cat was taken in by a vet clinic who shared the story of aptly-named'seven' on social media. seven had a broken jaw, broken leg, broken hard palate and bruised lungs . since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for his medical bills and surgeries. now he is on the hunt for a new home.
priest was sacked from religious order in taranto after online lover contacted church authorities with dossier. it contained alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit web chats. priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played judas escariot. 32-year-old man claimed he was contacted by the unnamed priest six months ago. the priest allegedly told him he had organised orgies with priests and a swiss guard.
kong meng xiong, 21, of st. paul, minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. he allegedly forced a 15-year-old girl into his car and screamed, 'you will never see your parents again!' in attempt to force her to be his traditional hmong bride. the girl managed to escape but was taken to his family's home. her parents reported the kidnapping on sunday and say they were opposed to their daughter marrying the man because of their age differences. the alleged kidnapper,    xiong admitted to kidnapping the girl and said that she tried to escape from him on highway
katherine hadsell says police aren't doing enough to find 18-year-old longwood university student anjelica 'aj' hadsell. police are searching a pond near carrsville, virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of the missing teen. aj was last seen driving near her parents' home in norfolk on march 2. her stepfather wesley hadsell was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours. he has admitted breaking into the home of the person he believes took his daughter against her will. the stepfather has a criminal record including dropped rape and kidnapping charges.
mohamed hamdin, 24, appeared in downing centre court charged with indecent assault. new south wales police say hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately at australia day rap concert. hamdin and the girl had been kissing and dancing at the enmore theatre in sydney. he allegedly put his hand on her vagina through her pants and rubbed and touched her for five minutes. charges were laid against hamdin after a violent brawl broke out during the concert.
the bodies of a mother, 42-year-old father and two boys under the age of ten were found in a home in tulsa, oklahoma. police believe the father killed his wife and children before turning the gun on himself. the bodies may have been in the house for 'as many as two days'   police officers found a handgun near the dead body of the father and are not seeking other suspects.
the native australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the australian mainland. now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent with only small populations remaining in queensland, the northern territory and western australia. foxes and feral cats are the biggest threat to the bilby populations. the bilbies are an important part of the australians easter tradition and are often used in dream time stories.
churchill, then 84, was president eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering at the home of the us ambassador in london in 1959. party was held on the 20th anniversary of nazi germany's invasion of poland. the former prime minister appeared to fall asleep at the fathering of allied leaders dinner.
inn will have 20 bedrooms and will be built on centre-piece queen mother square in prince's model village poundbury. it is being built as a joint development between duchy of cornwall and brewery hall & woodhouse. the pub is expected to open early next year in prince charles' model village.
gary ross dahl's wife, marguerite dahl, confirmed that her husband of 40 years died march 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. his pet rock was a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975. mr dahl estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each. he was an advertising executive when he came up with the idea.
michael olsen, 52, threatened to blow another officer's head off after abandoning his car in the middle of the road. pc mark bird was attending a routine traffic accident with colleague pc robert wilson. olsen pulled a gun to pc bird's head and threatened to shoot him in the hand. pc bird lunged at olsen to save him but as he did he felt a sharp pain in his hand and was shot in the arm. olson was jailed for 12 years at inner london crown court after being found guilty of dangerous driving.
sean mccabe was told he had just two months to live after being diagnosed with stage four hodgkin lymphoma. the father-of-three planned his own funeral and chose the music and even booked the church. he even wrote a goodbye letter to his children to be read to them after his death. but after making a recovery he was told his cancer had returned aggressively and was in remission. he has now changed his reservation for his wedding to his fiancee lisa williams at st david's church in south wales.
john schumann has slammed anti-islam protesters for using his song, i was only 19, at a reclaim australia rally. the songwriter penned the 1983 anthem and said it was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness. he said the song was played at one of the rallies on saturday. the singer said his song was written to help people understand the plight of vietnam veterans. saturday's rallies erupted into violence when protesters clashed with anti-racism groups.
rilwan oshodi bought karen budow's bank account details for just £3,200 and spent her savings on cheeseburgers. now claims he is so broke he can't even pay his lawyers. but judge orders him to repay the money or face four more years in prison. he was jailed for eight years in 2013 for his part in the fraud.
lillian roldan, 39, says she dated cleveland kidnapper ariel castro from 2000 to 2003. during the three years she was with castro, he kidnapped michelle knight and amanda berry. castro kept the women locked up in his ohio home as sex slaves in his basement. he committed suicide in prison after the women were freed in may 2013.
kim howe, 69, died on pacific coast highway in malibu, california, on february 7. she was involved in a four-way car crash with bruce jenner and two stepchildren. close friends say she had 'virtually no relationship' with her stepchildren . sources say stepchildren have hired lawyers to look into the possibility of a wrongful death suit. mrs howe's husband robert died in 2003, and she has no other living relatives. sources claim stepchildren are the only people who could launch a lawsuit against former olympic athlete.
aleksandr glushko, 21, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd crashed in fairbanks, alaska. he was arrested after a railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site. he has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
rosie, 27, models new lingerie range for autograph at m&s. follows a strict clean and lean diet. models new summer sleepwear collection for marks & spencer. is also starring in mad max - fury road, for which the trailer has been released.
gertrude weaver was already the oldest person in america and asked president barack obama to attend her birthday party. she died on monday from complications due to pneumonia. jeralean talley, 115, is now the world's oldest person. weaver became the oldest living person on wednesday following the death of misao okawa in japan.
chase lacasse, 19, was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police after visiting a new hampshire ice cream stand in full uniform. the teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police and often dressed up as an officer. he was apprehended by real state police in new hamshire and charged. lacasse graduated from high school last year.
apryl foster was last seen on february 12 leaving a bar alone in ybor city after a night of partying. she was reported missing after failing to show up for work and leaving her cats home alone. her car was found submerged in a lake in brandon, florida. an autopsy has show foster's blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving. her death has been ruled an accidental drowning.
saman smith, 22, has lost three stone over the past year following a low-carb and low sugar diet. he has been named vogue's april 'today i'm wearing' star and posts pictures of his outfits to instagram. the singer has been following a diet by nutritionist amelia freer. he lost over a stone in just two weeks.
russian artist marina yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders. on her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named leo. she specializes in owls, piglets, cats, pandas and bears. after a picture of her owl dolls went viral last year, she was inundated with requests.
supermarket beat restaurants, pubs and hotels to win the title of best breakfast in the uk. mystery shoppers tried breakfasts at restaurants and pubs nationwide to name morrisons the winner. the chain's famous big breakfast is one of the most popular items on its menu.
poll of 4,000 british adults found 7 per cent of young professionals now consider themselves to have a problem with alcohol. nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out. one in 20 admitted to driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone intoxicated.
eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison. nearly all of the offenders were convicted of dealing crack cocaine, methamphetamine and heroin. many were sentenced under outdated guidelines and would be serving shorter sentences if convicted today. the president has granted clemency to 43 drug offenders since taking office.
iain mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with his thai girlfriend moments before his death in hua hin, thailand. he was in a rage after finding her chatting with another man at a bar in the coastal city. he then cut himself on a mirror in a shop and was found bleeding profusely. he died in hospital and police say no crime was committed. friends claim he also clashed with a man who was talking to his girlfriend at the bar.
maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483. mississippi's is the lowest paid, earning $37,963. new york's lowest paid middle class citizen earns $38,246. the study by pew charitable trusts shows america's shrinking middle class.
ellen weirich created 'le femme' finishing school in new jersey to help transgender women become more feminine. she dedicates her life to helping cross-dressers and those undergoing sex change operations. classes include how to walk gracefully in heels and speak like a lady. charges from $44 (£30) to $400 (£270) per session at the school.
kansai international airport in japan has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994. of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage handling, seven of the ten are located in asia. the airport's record has to do with the efficient way staff place luggage on carousels.
ellanora baidoo hopes to file for divorce from her husband victor sena blood-dzraku via a private facebook message. manhattan supreme court justice matthew cooper has granted her permission to do so. the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony and have never lived together. the husband has no fixed address and has refused to be served with divorce papers.
jane bacon, 51, from east grinstead, booked 'final trip' to sharm el sheikh with husband peter, 52. she was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2012 and told she could die within months. but doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy. she contacted easyjet to delay her trip and was told she would have to pay £176 to change her flights. easyjet has since apologised and refunded the charges.
a 30-year-old darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse. he posed as a nurse for six weeks at the aurukun primary health centre on cape york during february and march. queensland health authorities are searching hospital patient records to clarify what drugs people may have been given. he was charged with one count of fraud. the man was receiving a $100,000 annual salary and accommodation.
nicholas james langan, 24, from townsville, was arrested on january 27 at a beach in canggu, north of kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint. police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana. an indonesian prosecutor has finalised the charges against langan. prosecutors want langan to serve up to 12 years in jail.
patent says personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity' could be downloaded to a robot in a similar way to an app. friends will even be able to clone their robots and swap aspects of their personalities. system could be used to download personalities and download them to other robots.
lance lara, 10, from fort worth, texas, was crowned world champion in his age group last year. bull riding is one of the most dangerous sports in the world and one in 15 bull rides ends in injury of some sort. up to half a billion people watch bull riding events around the world.
holy week marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of jesus christ culminating in easter sunday. millions of devout christians around the world have been commemorating the holy week celebrations across five continents. penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks and performed alarming religious self-flagellation in a display of commitment to their faith.
the 44-year-old comedian is a part of levo league's new ask4more campaign, which encourages women to request the salaries that they deserve in honor of equal pay day on april 14. on average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men. sarah recalls a time when she was paid $10 to do a stand-up routine, when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $60. she says she gets 'the most violent hate tweets' when she discusses women's issues on twitter.
rosetta probe swooped to within just 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67p's surface on saturday. it captured a four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail. the probe will get closer to the comet over the next few months as it approaches the sun.
extremist group's first english radio news bulletin aired on al-bayan radio network on tuesday. hosted by a man with an american accent, it boasted of isis victories and'martyrdom operations' already has a monthly propaganda magazine, dabiq. isis already has updates in arabic and russian.
the 51-year-old new jersey native bought the apartment in 2007 for $24million. the duplex has five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and almost 3,100 square feet of outdoor space. the apartment was on the market for almost two years with an initial listing price of $42million.
environment agency says it has a legal duty to protect water voles as an endangered species. £135,000 was spent trapping and moving 55 of the creatures from the somerset levels ahead of dredging work. originally estimated it would cost £24,000 to move the voles but bill is six times the original estimate. more than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were flooded in january and february 2014.
albert webb, 51, and sons jimmy chuter, 26, and jessewebb, 19, followed pensioners with dementia home from the post office. they demanded money for roof repairs they hadn't done. most of the victims were women in their 70s and 80s and 97-year-old man. the family gang carried out 35 thefts and stole £15,000 from their vulnerable victims. albert was jailed for three and a half years and sons were jailed for a total of eight years. jesse webb went on the run and was given a 12 month sentence after being caught by police.
kamron taylor, 23, was awaiting sentencing for the june 2013 murder of nelson williams jr, 21, when he escaped from a jail in kankakee, illinois. authorities say he beat a guard unconscious and stole his uniform and suv. taylor was dressed in a guard's uniform and fled the jail in his car. nelson's father, nelson jr's sr, says he is worried his son's convicted killer will attack him.
karen davis from port pirie, south australia was reported by police with disorderly behaviour for flashing her breasts on google maps. the 38-year-old mother was reported after a picture of her showing her size-k breasts appeared on google street view. she handed herself into police voluntarily. a law professor has said police acted 'outrageously' by subjecting her to an oral swab test. ms davis says she is happy the picture appeared online and thought it was funny. she plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday and has criticised 'flat-tittie chicks' for their comments.
labour leader confessed he cried when he and his wife justine watched a dvd of the 2014 film pride. mr miliband said he was a fan of the singer ellie goulding and the band bastille. as a 12-year-old he drove his parents'slightly mad' playing video game manic miner. he said he used to use an iphone, but gave it up for a blackberry because he spent too much time reading tweets and political commentary.
benjamin astbury was born 12 weeks early, weighing just 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar. he suffered five cardiac arrests and was put into a paralysed state on a ventilator for six days. doctors said he had a 10 per cent chance of survival after he was born. was born with a bowel problem and needed two emergency operations. he is now thriving at home and is about to celebrate his first birthday.
shadow cabinet ministers branded industry leaders who signed open letter as members of the '1 per cent'   ed miliband adviser lord prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, tory donors and non doms'  labour's business spokesman chuka umunna suggested former diageo boss paul walsh should no longer take over as head of cbi. 103 corporate leaders yesterday declared that the government 'has been good for business'
calfornia gov. jerry brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on wednesday. the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight. state reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them.
a chocolate bunny worth $64,000 is the world's most expensive easter treat. according to colgate, australian families will consumer 124.3million easter treats this year.    some of the most extravagant treats on sale in australia include a 2.2kg chocolate ganache egg and a 100-piece egg filled with 100 pralines.
two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from montreal, quebec to corbin, kentucky to eat at the original home of colonel sanders fried chicken. the group of six traveled 2,090 miles, crossing over five u.s. states and two canadian provinces in three days. brian lufty, 52, and his friend neil janna, 51, took their two sets of sons on the trip to visit the harland sanders cafe and museum.
tyecka shanta evans, 28, was charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter taliya richardson. taliya was found unresponsive at home in ocala, florida, last thursday. evans initially told police that she was sleeping at home when her daughter stopped breathing. she later admitted that she had been out clubbing with her sister and her boyfriend for two hours. her sister toyana evans could face charges for allegedly lying to police.
k-9 angels charity fronted by pola pospieszalska, anneka svenska and victoria eisermann is devoted to saving stray dogs. up to one million free-roaming dogs are being killed by 'dog catchers' in romania. 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by parliament in september 2013 to reduce overpopulation. but former models have rescued hundreds of dogs from streets and re-homed at least 700 in the uk. claim government funds for programmes aimed at neutering the animals were never implemented. state-appointed dog catchers take dogs to squalid state-run pounds where they
a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills. researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology have created an algorithm that can tell how effectively a person is typing. could be used to tell doctors if someone has parkinson's disease by analysing the way they type.
sydney personal trainer allie dodds alleges instagram fitness star ashy bines used her recipes in an e-book without permission. ms bines admitted 10 recipes in her clean eating diet plan had been plagiarised. she said she 'outsourced' the recipes to an unnamed nutritionist. she was 'devastated' to find out her sushi and cauliflower recipe was in a 2012 edition of ashy's clean eating recipe book. ashy is a gold coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer.
luxury british brand aspinal of london has teamed up with style icon olivia palermo to design a limited edition marylebone tote. all profits from the sale of the £995 tote will go to adcam, a charity. the fashionista, 28, found fame on reality tv show the city.
the 45-year-old politician was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer - last year. he has undergone five rounds of chemotherapy and nearly a month of radiation to shrink the tumor. four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on may 11 and he hopes to return to work as a councilor in september.
towie star joey essex joined ukip leader nigel farage on a boat trip in grimsby to find out about the election. he told reporters the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a'really, really reem guy'    essex is speaking to the leaders of the four major political parties for itv2 mini-series educating joy essex. mr farage hailed the tv star as an 'icon of youth' and said he wanted to 'get our fishing industry back'
cassandra fortin, 17, was ordered by the connecticut supreme court to undergo chemo treatment for hodgkin lymphoma. she refused to have the treatment after being diagnosed with the cancer in september. the department of children and families took temporary custody of the teen and her mother, jackie fortin. cassandra was declared in remission in march and has been receiving treatment at children's medical center in hartford. a judge ruled on wednesday she must remain in state custody until completing court-ordered chemotherapy for the disease.
the city of golmud in north west china has been hit by a massive sandstorm. visibility was reduced to as little as 30 metres in some parts of the city. it is the fourth sandstorm to hit the north-west of the country this year. china's national meteorological centre has issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms.
the letter was posted by airline pilot jai dillon, who shared it with a colleague on twitter. a screenshot of the note has amassed more than 2,000 shares in a matter of minutes. it was written by passenger 'bethanie' to the pilot who 'got her home safely'   she thanks the pilot and the airline for 'allowing her' to live her life in spain.
sherrell dillion has been given a place in the final of top model of colour competition. single mother-of-two starred on benefits street alongside white dee but says she is currently homeless. sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home. she is living in temporary accommodation in handsworth while she finds a permanent home.
tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at rhossili in south wales, voted the uk's number one beach, the third best in europe and 9th best in the world by tripadvisor. national trust bought the car park from private landowners with the aim of improving it. the park overlooks miles of golden sands and rolling welsh hills on the gower peninsula.
landlord richard stevenson, 32, had mascot ollie the owl snatched from the admiral rodney, in nottingham, last month. the wooden ornament has already jetted off to belfast, benidorm and even tunisia. the owl has posted photos from its travels on facebook after it was 'kidnapped' from the pub. the bird has even taken a trip on the back of a camel and is pictured sunbathing on a beach.
ethel rider, 87, suffered a broken pelvis after falling from her bed at half acre care home in radcliffe, near manchester. she was being turned to prevent bed sores when she fell from bed and fell on the floor. her carers lauren gillies, 25, and susan logan, 59, lied about what had happened and lifted her back into bed. mrs rider, who has severe dementia, was in agony and was 'cowering' in pain after the fall. the pensioner, who is mute, was left on the ground for 40 minutes before being hoisted back to bed. logan and her supervisor have been jailed for six
va ciach, from geelong in victoria, suffered from sagittal synostosis - meaning the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain. five-year-old ava had to have her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle. she had to undergo complex surgery at the royal children's hospital in melbourne. seven months after her surgery ava, now six, is 'a completely different child'
archivists at confectionery giant nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s. the collection shows the evolution of the easter egg over the past 40 years. the tradition of easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the first world war when they were a symbol of new life and hope.
marc wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother jean, 17, was killed after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on monday. marc's mother is roxanne dubé, the recently appointed canadian consul general in miami. the two boys tried to rob a group of miami drug dealers. the boys had driven to a house with a third friend to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $5,000. jean and joshua wright were killed and anthony rodriguez was wounded in the gunfight. both boys have been charged with murder and drug possession.
the girl in the spider's web, published worldwide on august 27, will be the fourth installment in best-selling trilogy by author stieg larsson. book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on plot outline left by author. publishers have gone to extreme lengths to keep the novel under wraps. it is being written on computers with no internet connection to avoid leaks.
the mineral veins were found at a site called 'garden city' on the slopes of mount sharp. scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock. curiosity rover is now exploring different layers of the red planet's surface for more clues to mars' watery past.
father damian maria montes, 29, from madrid, was appearing on the spanish version of the voice. he belted out the 1997 robbie williams classic while donning his priest's collar. the redemptorist missionary claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old. he said he turned to the church before chasing his singing dream as he wanted to'make sense of life'
fighters from 100 nations – more than half the countries in the world – have joined militant groups. number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and march 2015. syria and iraq were by far the biggest destinations, with over 20,000 foreign fighters. report by the united nations warned foreign fighters could be scattered across the world.
promise tamang turns herself into angelina jolie's character from the movie of the same name. mother-of-six takes her followers through the steps to get the look. she has previously transformed herself into frozen and aladdin's princesses. promise has been posting make-up tutorials for six years.
on average, we rest our heads on pillows for more than 2,500 hours per year. the perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep. synthetic fillings are the most popular type of pillows in the uk and are cheap.
a reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields. the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population, according to the researcher. wildlife sites in four english counties saw bee species decrease. dr deepa senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame.
mark dawe, head of the oxford, cambridge and rsa exam board, compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam. he said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests. education campaigners say the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'   he said teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them.
tom ballard plans to climb k2, 20 years after his mother died descending from its peak. alison hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the mountain in 1995. her son tom ballard, 26, was just six years old when she died attempting to reach the summit. mr ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the alps last month.
robin rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband, scott after he had a vasectomy. at 42, she bed 12 strangers in as many months and slept with 12 different men. scott had refused to have a child with her. she has written a memoir about her year-long experiment with open marriage.
lotatoa 'lota' ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in october 2014. the eight-year-old from layton, utah, had already run several half marathons before being diagnosed with the tumor. lota underwent his fourth brain surgery on april 1. he still continues to run and recently completed a 50-mile race just weeks before his diagnosis.
four roma men and women accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar 'baby sales'    they deny the charges against them, saying the babies were 'a gift' and face up to 10 years in prison and fines of up to £1million. six others are facing related charges in the case in marseille.
prince harry will arrive in australia next monday for his final tour of duty. he will spend four-weeks with the australian defence force. the royal will serve alongside elite soldiers in darwin, perth and sydney. captain wales will fall in with troops at the perth sas base and take on training exercises. the prince will spend time with the elite sas and indigenous norforce soldiers during his military exchange. a spokesman for prince harry said he was excited for a 'challenging and hectic' schedule.
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man to apply to medical schools in 1998 and was only accepted into st. louis university school of medicine because he was black. he said that his sister mindy kaling told him not to publish his book, almost black, because she'strongly disapproves' of his actions. he claims he changed his appearance and joined the black student organization to get into the top medical schools. he did not even complete his medical degree and dropped out before he qualified as a doctor.
super typhoon maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon with winds of 150mph. troops in the philippines have been put on alert. it is expected to weaken slightly before reaching the eastern coast of the main philippine island of luzon on sunday. the storm was upgraded to a super typhoon on tuesday.
kim sears watched fiance andy murray play against south african kevin anderson at the miami open in key biscayne, florida. the 27-year-old artist showcased a golden glow as she applied suncream. kim and andy will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral on april 11.
shahnawaz, 40, was returning home from a family function when his motorbike grazed a car in turkman gate, delhi. his two sons, aged 13 and nine, begged bystanders to help but no one came to his rescue. police commissioner b.s. bassi stood and watched as five men beat him to death with iron rods.
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in zion, illinois, on saturday afternoon. his mother said he wanted to be a surgeon and had moved to zion from wisconsin in february. police responding to reports of 'an argument' chased him down the street before opening fire.
more than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold investments during 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis. research carried out by scientists at texas tech university in america. it comes days before retirees in britain are given power to decide how to spend life savings.
triathlete charlotte roach, 26, from london, nearly died in a car crash in november 2010. her business partner rosemary pringle dressed up in fancy dress for lent to raise money for london's air ambulance. she was left with punctured lungs, 12 fractured vertebrae, broken ribs and a broken collarbone .
the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson, missouri were released on thursday. police captain richard henke and city cleark mary ann twitty and former police sergeant william mudd were fired after exchanging racist emails. president obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak english, and black individuals are called a tribeswoman. one of the emails said of president barack obama; 'what black man holds a steady job for four years'   mudd said he was getting his dogs welfare as they are'mixed in color, unemployed,
italian photographer giovanna griffo was in iceland to capture the aurora borealis during the march solar storm. the 42-year-old, who is based in latina, teaches photography and post-production in seminars around italy. she is a keen photographer and has taken images of the night sky from latina and iceland.
man believed to works in military's post office, where he could have access to names and address of military personnel. he has been put on compassionate leave from his post after the mod considered suspending him. it is believed he is the father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey on suspicion of trying to join syria.
sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks. a badly hung parliament would be likely to send pound plummeting by a further ten per cent. sell-off could accelerate and spread to stock and bond markets. 98 per cent of polls conducted so far this year predict a hung parliament.
the research vessel flip has been used by the us office for naval research for more than 50 years. the vessel is more than 355 feet long and is used to measure underwater acoustics. it has to be towed to a location where it 'flips' by 90 degrees. the rv flip is used for oceanography, meteorology and marine mammal observation.
lishan wang, 49, was charged with murder in the shooting of yale university doctor vajinder toor outside his home in april 2010. he was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but he was restored to competency after being treated at connecticut valley hospital. new haven superior court judge ruled monday that wang should be sent to connecticut valley hospital for treatment. mental health experts said wang displayed 'paranoid thinking' and was 'guarded and suspicious'   wang has asked to represent himself in his trial and accused the public defender's office of working against him.
developers at open garden have built greenstone to help messages move around wireless mesh networks. the egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon, or booster, to act as a beacon for messages. it takes advantage of a feature in apple’s ios 7 called multipeer connectivity framework. firechat app has been downloaded more than five million times and can be used to send messages. greenstone is currently in development and only works at a range of 20ft (61 metres)
kristen bieniewicz of westland, the representative of her husband's estate, is suing bassel saad, 37, who was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter. the figure represents $1 million for each of the 51 additional years that john bieniewski, 44, could have lived. bienowicz died after saad punched him in the head just moments before he was to be ejected from a soccer game last summer.
developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app. users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button. each call is placed with the phone's gps location, user details and any medical information. the app can be used in 135 countries, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number. rapidsos will begin testing the software in texas next month and has launched a campaign to launch the app globally.
corporal mark donaldson vc is one of australia's most highly decorated soldiers. he was awarded the nation's highest military honour, the victoria cross, for his bravery in afghanistan. he claims to have shot a taliban warlord who had boasted he would kill prince harry. the soldier now works as a training commander at the elite sas headquarters in perth, western australian.
caleb benn, a californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for ios devices using instagram's application program interface. called 'uploader for instagram', it allows users to upload photos to instagram directly from their computer. facebook has strict restrictions against using its private api. an engineer from instagram allegedly sent benn an email last week, claiming the app violated the company's terms of service. the teenager is currently making $1,000 (£675.70) a day from the app.
new york-based writer danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice. the drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips and life lessons about love and relationships .
peter tarsey and his wife jean, both 77, were found shot dead in each other's arms on sofa at home in xalo, benidorm. each killed with a single bullet each in double murder of 'terrible cruelty' found covered in a green raincoat on sofa in front room of villa. friends ann and eduardo juan found the couple at 4pm on sunday at their home. they had been friends with the couple for 25 years and were concerned for their safety.
park officials in san bernardino county started a controlled burn in mojave narrows park on tuesday but it went out of control due to high winds. more than 200 firefighters battled to contain the blaze in california which threatened several homes. one shed and one car were destroyed in the blaze which engulfed 70 acres of land. residents were forced to flee their homes but no homes were damaged.
alan spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when he began choking and felt his life'slipping away'    he collapsed in his hallway and tried to get to the door for help but collapsed in front of his labradors. 18-month-old lexi jumped on to the centre of his back to dislodge the onion and save his life.
current and former female agents at the central intelligence agency spoke out to renounce depictions of cia women on tv shows and in movies. the women say they are nothing like the honey-pots who use their sexuality to control sources. one former cia officer says she was upset with the 'giddy' portrayal of her friend jennifer matthews in the movie zero dark thirty. the former and current women also take issue with the portrayal of female spies on state of affairs and homeland.
photographer seth casteel shot photos of more than 750 babies across ten states for his new book, underwater babies. casteel hopes to use the images to promote water safety for toddlers. he created the book by heading to water safety classes for babies at swimming pools in ten different states.
mike holpin has three £450 ps4 consoles and three 48in televisions at monmouthshire council house. father of 40 says 16 of his children have been taken into care by social services. he plays grand theft auto for up to 20 hours a day on his playstation4 console. mike, 56, has 40 children by 20 women and claims £675,000 in state handouts.
darcy atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in december 2012. he was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died. darcy was in the care of his mother's boyfriend adam taylor at the time of his death. the toddler was rushed to gosford hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath. a doctor told the inquest into the toddler's death that the child had been 'caned or whipped' before he died . dr barry wilkins said it was not possible the boy's head injuries came from paddle boarding.
italian glamour: the essence of italian fashion captures the evolution of mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images. compiled by enrico quinto and paolo tinarelli - the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in italy. the book looks at the changing face of fashion from the post-war years to the 21st century.
victoria police arrested 35-year-old abijath desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at riverside quay. he was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon. a woman, 27, was held hostage at knifepoint in a central melbourne restaurant. the man was a 'disgruntled' former employee of the restaurant. police entered the restaurant and tasered the man at 5.30am.
body believed to be that of anna ragin removed from property in the richmond area of san francisco. police said the home was crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine.   police described it as the worst case of hoarding they had ever seen while residents said she had not been seen in years. the body was removed from the property and taken to hospital by police.
the facebook page of the 'disciples of the new dawn' has been shared nearly 80,000 times since sunday. the extreme religious community claims women who have cesarean sections 'didn't really give birth' and that they are 'lazy' and 'negligent'   the community is led by father patrick embry and claims women will be 'cast into the lake of fire' if they have c-sections.
ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in the run-up to next month's election. support for his party has dropped from 16.75 per cent in november to just 12.25 per cent today.   mr farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the tories in thanet south, kent.
cleveland officer michael brelo goes on trial on monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell, 43, and malissa williams, 30. he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired the final 15 rounds of a 137-shot barrage in november 2012. brelo claims he doesn't remember jumping on the hood of a car and opening fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. he told investigators he was'so terrified'    brelo's footprints were found on the car's hood and matched those of another officer who said he jumped on top of the car.
alexis tsipras met russian president in moscow yesterday and struck potential deals over investment in energy and other projects. pm insisted he had not asked for financial aid, saying greece is a'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony'   it was expected    but instead the pair agreed a commitment to restore trade between the two countries. greek government has not received bailout funds since syriza took power in january.
the ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. it is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by albert einstein in his theory of general relativity. the alma telescope in chile captured the effect in the highest resolution images ever taken by the observatory.
jeremy kyle show guest jamie goes down on one knee to propose to girlfriend dawn. but she throws the ring back in his face and storms off the stage. the couple, known only as jamie and dawn, were appearing on the show. jamie later admitted to having sex with one of dawn's friends. dawn then storms off, saying: 'i'm out of here!'
billy-anne huxham, 18, was abducted from her caboolture home at gunpoint on tuesday morning. she was forced into a car by her ex-partner carl garry chapman, 32. police have found the car and are still searching for the teen and her former boyfriend. she has reportedly made contact with a family member. police believe she was taken in a silver 2014 mitsubishi outlander. the teen was reportedly attacked with a machete and taken from her home at 6am. police are searching for chapman who is believed to be the victim's ex boyfriend.
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. much of it involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing. shigeru miyagawa at massachusetts institute of technology says human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own. most scholars believe that humans first started using a 'proto-language'    single words bear traces of syntax showing they must be descended from an older, syntax-laden system.
kevin blandford's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on imgur. each photo shows him pulling the same sad face to prove how much he missed his wife. kevin won a free trip to puerto rico through his workplace. his wife, bonnie, wasn't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter.
unnamed canadian man shared his doctor's note with a friend, who posted it on reddit. the man is believed to be an employee of pizza hut. he was angry at his bosses for 'wasting his time' writing a sick note for the common cold. the letter has been shared thousands of times online and sparked debate.
snp leader has said she is prepared to work with labour to put mr miliband in number 10. snp is projected to win more than 40 seats in scotland at the election, potentially holding balance of power. ms sturgeon was today swamped with requests for selfies in the wake of live tv debate. she has refused to working with the conservatives under any circumstances, but has held out the possibility of putting labour in power.
sinn fein president gerry adams has sparked outrage over comments on us television. he described the abduction and murder of jean mcconville as 'what happens in wars'   he was arrested by police investigating the murder of the mother-of-ten in 1972. mr adams insisted he did not know about the killing and was released without charge.
a university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video. limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol. but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile. the science of stress was explained by dr raychelle burks from the university ofnebraska-lincoln.
pet aquarium fish are being dumped in rivers in western australia. at least 13 species of fish have been introduced into the region's waterways. goldfish weigh up to 2kg and koi carp up to one metre in length. introduced species are also bringing exotic parasites and disease with them. pet owners are believed to be the biggest culprits behind the invasion.
animal liberation victoria activists broke into wagner's poultry farm in coldstream, victoria, in march. they found hens in 'deformed, sick and dying' conditions at the yarra valley farm. government health officials inspected the farm two weeks earlier and gave it the all clear. but the owner of the farm has denied claims the hens were not being cared for properly.
david cameron tonight issued plea for ukip supporters to 'come back home' to the conservatives. prime minister vowed to 'do more' to respond to concerns about immigration.    he said it is 'not the time to send a message' to those who have shifted allegiance to nigel farage's party. latest polls put the tories and labour virtually neck and neck with 34% and 29% of the vote.
the rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on twitter. users compare the reality of their own lives to the fictional portrayals of heroines using the hashtag #realisticya. many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the books and films. users are comparing real life to the heroines in the hunger games and twilight novels.
kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown, maryland after ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook. she was trying to have a leak on her car repaired at the shop. co-owner called rudd's husband after she left a scathing review on the shop's facebook page. in the threatening voicemail he told her husband to 'get her in check before there's a big f***ing problem'    he was suspended after rudd complained to the company and posted the recording on facebook and the post went viral.
the first phase of disney's polynesian villas & bungalows opens in florida. available from $2,000 a night - rising to $4,500 at peak times. each bungalow has two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a private plunge pool. each of the overwater villas sleeps up to eight people. located just steps from the magic kingdom in orlando.
london mayor boris johnson today launched the tory campaign in london. said ed miliband wants to go back to the 'nasty, racist' era of the 1970s. said labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their own home. said ukip wanted to turn the clock back to 1950s and greens wanted to return to'bronze age'   mr johnson told voters that if they vote conservative they will get broadband but    he joked the tories were the party of 'kitchen ownership' while labour was the 'party of hypocrisy and kitchen concealment'
angela postle, from maroochydore in southeast queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month. oranges turned an inexplicable hue of purple in her house. the mother-of-five sent the fruit to queensland environmental health branch for testing. the first round of scientific tests have failed to explain the strange phenomenon. ms postle sent the oranges back to the supermarket and was offered a refund. she has sent a second round of tests to a laboratory for further analysis.
poll of ftse 100 chairman reveals overwhelming support for david cameron to remain prime minister. seven out of 10 business chiefs at britain's biggest companies think ed miliband would be a 'catastrophe'   more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a labour government. mr miliband has vowed to ban 90 per cent of zero-hours contracts and a european referendum.
kira hollis weighed just 6st at the time doctors diagnosed her with borderline personality disorder. she was diagnosed with depression and body dysmorphia. 27-year-old was ordered by doctors to go to the gym to gain weight. she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer.   now a healthy 9.5st, she says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her the confidence to overcome depression.
robert dellinger, 54, was sentenced on thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the december 2013 deaths of amanda murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old jason timmons. he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash and could be released in less than eight years. he pleaded guilty in february to negligent homicide for the deaths of the couple and their unborn baby. prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself.
prime minister insists coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up' by making work pay and encouraging responsibility. michael gove claims christians in britain are being dismissed with condescension and suspicion. church of england bishops questioned morality of his austerity and welfare policies.
dozens of items from entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the hard rock cafe in new york. memorabilia includes a plaque commemorating the installation of the monkees' star on hollywood boulevard. jones died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66.
steve tempest-mitchell, 56, from bradford, west yorkshire, weighed 32st and was struggling to control his diabetes. father-of-three was forced to be pushed in a wheelchair to board a plane at his heaviest. he lost 16st after having gastric bypass surgery 14 months ago. the former bomb disposal expert slimmed down from 32st to 16st and his waist shrunk from 66 inches to 42 inches.
new zealand couple bought a four-bedroom home for $125,000. the house was put on the market with a $1 reserve, despite its million-dollar price-tag. the previous owners were desperate to sell the property. new owners donald and jenny gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up. the average house-price in new zealand is $766,000, seven times more than the house sold for.
hollywood reporter's power stylist for 2015 hit list includes three aussie stars' stylists. jeanann williams, elizabeth stewart and cristina elrich all made the top 10. naomi watts' stylist jeann also made the hit list at number nine. the women are behind cate blanchett and margot robbie's looks.
ashley johnston, 28, was shot in february fighting with kurdish soldiers against isis in syria. he is believed to be the first westerner to die in battle against is. his mother did not know her son was in the middle east until she heard of his death. mr johnston served for seven years with australia's army reserves. he told his mother amanda he was simply heading to do humanitarian work. his body arrived home in canberra last week and his funeral was held on thursday.
the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday. the time change affects all states except queensland, the northern territory and western australia. changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries. clocks will spring forward again on october 4.
gunman was stalking his estranged ex-girlfriend at universal studios in hollywood, california. he was escorted off the premises last week after vandalizing her car. but despite court orders, he was spotted in a smoking area at the theme park on friday. he shot himself dead in front of children and families after turning a gun on himself. the man's mother of his child works in a restaurant at the park. sheriff's deputies tried to talk him out of shooting himself but he was not restrained.
a missing mother and child remain missing after their car was swept away by rising flood waters in eastern kentucky. authorities in louisville, kent kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues, including an estimated 48 at guardian court in okolona. the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water on a rural highway when it was swept into a creek.
at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area, near bundaberg, queensland bushland on tuesday. a joint rspca and queensland police taskforce is investigating. it's believed the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow. it is understood they were killed before a four corners special. the taskforce was set up to probe live baiting in the state.
big cat was seen at kruger national park in south africa attempting to tackle the hippo calf. lion leaps on to hippo's back in a ferocious display of power but is chased away by its angry mother. the baby hippo escaped from the incident unscathed.
stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday, april fools' day, after she was stopped in las vegas. a nevada highway patrol trooper issued a $200 ticket to her for putting on lip balm at a red light. the state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015.
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the tories compared to just under 9 per cent under labour. figures are a further boost for david cameron and george osborne ahead of general election. analysis by hargreaves lansdown shows investors fare better under the conservatives.
the penthouse at the london west hollywood hotel in la is the largest suite in los angeles. it is set to open next month at $25,000 a night and can hold up to 300 people. the 10th-floor penthouse measures 11,000 square feet with two levels. the suite is inspired by vivienne westwood and features a tapestry by the designer.
superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments. a poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s found half were blighted with blemishes. one in three women said they are self-conscious about the state of their skin. the range starts at £5.99 and is believed to be the first of its kind on the high street.
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park at 9.30am on good friday. the 11-year-old is missing and may not even know he is lost. he has been missing for two nights in a victorian national park. luke has limited speech and his family says he is confused and may be lost. police say luke was seen walking near the devils river on sunday. temperatures in the area have dropped to as low as eight degree celsius. a widespread search is being carried out by search and rescue teams and volunteers.
the hunger games film franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies. sandra bullock topped forbes' list of the highest-earning actresses. leonardo dicaprio, matt damon and robert holmes are also stars who can command a major box office opening.
choupette is a three-year-old birman cat and the muse of fashion designer karl lagerfeld. she earned over £2 million in fees last year and has 100,000 followers on twitter and instagram. choupette has her own six-strong team at her beck and call to cater for her faddy diet.
hugo mbaeri, 25, from portsmouth, allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to gang of fraudsters. he is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old bailey. seven others are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away. he denies the charges and is in the dock alongside seven co-defendants.
bentley design chief luc donckerwolke thought the new lincoln continental luxury saloon shared too many similarities with the bentley flying spur. he posted a comment on lincoln designer david woodhouses' facebook page calling it a 'copy'   a lincoln spokesman dismissed the design chief's criticism and said the model 'is clearly a l lincoln'  ford is reviving the l lincoln continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon.
the latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs. five islands have already been made, with two more in development. china has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures in the south china sea. experts have told mailonline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems.
erica ann ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from philadelphia, pennsylvania, has been sentenced to 30 days in jail, house arrest and probation for having sex with a 17-year-old student. she pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. erica ginnetti, a math and calculus teacher at lower moreland township school district, had been facing seven to 14 years in prison. she will have to perform community service and register as a sex offender. the former teacher first met her victim at his prom in may 2013 and the two had sex in her car.
campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders calling for a labour government. but one of the signatories was convicted of benefit fraud in 2012. she claimed £27,888 tax credits in two and a half years as a single person. labour removed her name after it was revealed she had been convicted of fraud. other signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
mercury is set to rise steadily until friday, when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c (70f) or higher - the hottest day of the year so far. forecasters say a band of high pressure will keep conditions settled until late on friday - when april showers could return. temperatures hit 20.7c (69f) in aboyne, aberdeenshire, over the bank holiday weekend.
drek lowe, 38, and tina lowe,. 33, were struck and killed by an amtrak train shortly before 10am on sunday in durham, north carolina. train was headed from charlotte to new york city when accident occurred. none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man fell ill during the delay.
around 75 people were inside the korean union united methodist church in rahway when the ceiling collapsed. thirteen people had minor injuries and one woman suffered a serious head laceration. one woman was sent to the trauma center at university hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury.
cody neatis, eight, was admitted to royal preston hospital with a chest infection and has been in hospital for a week. he has down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube. but the hospital doesn't have a suitable bed for him to sleep in and he has to sleep on a mattress on the floor. cody's mother lynne, 48, has had to sleep with him on the mattress in case he hurts himself in the night. she says she has been battling the hospital for two years for a special bed for cody to stay in.
indiana lawmakers unveiled an amendment to the state's religious freedom restoration act clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time'   arkansas governor asa hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute following public uproar and a personal plea from his son. the two gop-controlled states are moving to alter legislation that critics say legalizes discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. a new version of ark arkansas' law would more closely mirror federal legislation.
robert clark, 96, was a prisoner of war and survived the nazi 'death march'   brent council refused to increase funding for a live-in carer for war veteran. more than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for him to stay in his home. but despite his war record, the council insists he cannot be treated as a special case.
martin vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future. he estimated how the constellations will change from 50,000 bc to 100,000ce using data from the european space agency. many of the most distinctive stars will become almost unrecognisable in the next 98,000 years. some may need to be renamed entirely.
hernando rivera cervantes captured the images as the colima volcano in mexico erupted. he spent eight hours waiting to capture the images of the lightning bolts as it erupted. lightning strikes are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud. the volcano is one of the most active volcanoes in the country and is known for its explosive eruptions.
many oversubscribed schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they live nearby. many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services. but group of vicars say system is open to abuse and discriminates against the poor. clergymen say affluent parents are more likely to cheat the system by going to church to get children into a c of e school. alliance of left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for an end to religious selection in open letter. claimed the church was being ‘turned to the advantage of those who are already advantaged’   the comments sparked anger from the church of england, which labelled their arguments 'doctrinaire'
european space agency's asteroid impact mission will send a lander crashing into asteroid's moon at 14,000mph. experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit. it will be the first investigation of planetary defence techniques. mission will take place in two parts, and will be launched in 2020.
a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle at aqua vale swimming pool in buckinghamshire. she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle and kicked him. police believe the incident is connected to a similar incident at the same pool in february. a man sexually assaulted two teenage girls in the changing area of the pool. officers are appealing for anyone who recognises the man in the pictures to contact police.
2,000-year practice of traditional chinese medicine is the main catalyst behind the world's third-largest illicit trade of exotic animal parts. illegal wildlife trade is the driving force behind the $20 billion (£13bn) illegal wildlife network. markets in guangzhou, south china, stock exotic and rare animals, many of which are endangered.
liquid is called shear-thickening fluid (stf), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and dispersing energy over a larger area. researchers have already tested the material in existing body armour designs.
paul childs is running in the liverpool riverside seat and said he was diagnosed with the virus in 2011. air steward said he burst into tears when he was told he was hiv positive after a routine test. he revealed he was infuriated by nigel farage's'scaremongering' over foreigners with the condition. mr childs said he is the second liberal democrat parliamentary candidate to reveal he is hivpositive. adrian hyyrylainen-trett, who is running for the lib dems in vauxhall, is the first to go public.
hayley okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about progeria. she suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate. patients normally die from heart attacks or strokes at an average age of 13. but hayley defied the odds to live four more years and even published an autobiography about living with the disease. she died at home last night after being discharged from hospital with pneumonia.
the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after running off the road and crashing into a backyard swimming pool. the blue mitsubishi lancer crashed into the pool at hinchinbrook in sydney's north-west. the men told police they collided with a taxi at a roundabout at 4.30am on friday morning. the taxi driver fled the scene and officers are appealing for the driver to come forward.
dr lara briden is a naturopathic doctor with 20 years experience in women's health. she says that premenstrual symptoms such as irritability, cravings and fatigue are not normal. the doctor says that pms can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet. dr briden says pms is caused by chronic inflammation and is not a myth.
anthony clark reed was driving around detroit, michigan, on monday night when he was pulled over. 24-year-old nursing student was handcuffed despite complaining he had trouble breathing. he suffered a heart attack and was taken to hospital, where he died. his father, pastor kevin clark, claims detroit police were indirectly responsible for his death. he is planning to sue police for their role in his son's death.
pupils at riverview junior school in gravesend, kent told they cannot run in the playground because they might bump their heads. staff at the school say they are trying to crack down on a dangerous 'chasing' game. parents are furious and say children need to 'let off steam' during breaks.
temperatures reached 17.5°c on the northern tip of the antarctic peninsula last week. this is the highest temperature ever recorded on the coldest place on earth. the previous record was set in 1961 when the temperature reached 17.1°c. however, climate scientists are urging caution about the new record. the new temperature was measured by sensors at argentina's esperanza base.
brian gemmell said mi5 spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’ when he reported possible paedophile ring at northern ireland children’s’ home. former captain in the intelligence corps said he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home. he claimed he was molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a westminster paedophile gang. mi5 has faced allegations of covering up child abuse to gather intelligence on loyalist politicians.
julie merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. mother-of-three suffers severe liver cirrhosis and has been left with jaundiced skin. she vowed to quit her habit after her latest hospital stay in january. not a drop of alcohol has passed ms merner's lips since - her longest spell of abstinence. she began drinking heavily 10 years ago, drinking a bottle of vodka a day.
a man and 64-year-old woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg. police found the bodies of 55 greyhounds in a mass dog grave in a wildflower reserve 360 kilometres north of brisbane. the man, 71, and woman, a greyhound trainer, were both charged with the offence. it is thought that the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhound carcasses. the carcasses were found by a member of the public in vera scarth-johnson. police are investigating whether the fires in the area were linked to the burning of the greyhound carc
dylan miller, a senior studying english and philosophy at juniata college decided to live in a hut for a research project on simple living. he built the hut out of fallen trees, leaves, rope and a tarp since september. there is no plumbing or electricity in the structure, which is about a half-hour walk from campus in huntingdon, pennsylvania. miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear. he hopes living in the hut will teach him about living simply.
sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000. it's the strongest increase since april in 2009 and a record for the harbour city. canberra surprisingly performed second best with a 4.1 per cent increase in dwelling values. the national dwelling value rose by 3 per cent, despite brisbane, adelaide and perth suffering declines. the median house prices across the combined capital cities is now $530,000, with sydney being the only city to surpass the figure.
two 17-year-old boys from dewsbury, west yorkshire, are believed to have fled to syria to join isis militants. one of the boys is believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi, britain's youngest convicted terrorist. he was found guilty of terror offences at the age of 18 in 2008 and jailed for two years. the pair have not been in contact with their families for several days and cannot be reached.
in britain more than 90 million easter eggs are consumed every year. femail picks the most unusual eggs to try this easter. the marmite easter egg is made with marmite and marmite cashew nuts. fortnum & mason's is the world's first gourmet chocolate scotch egg. godiva's alter eggo and hotel chocolat's chocolate egg sandwich are also on the list.
spanish expert, dr celia sanchez-ramos, has found led screens can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye. modern led screens emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology. it can permanently damage the retina and may even lead to partial blindness. in extreme cases, it may even cause macular degeneration - dark patches in the field of vision.
group of british companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands after nine months of drilling. discovery could be worth billions of pounds and add to fears of renewed conflict over islands. argentina invaded the falklands in 1982 and still claims territorial rights to the islands.
liz smith is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career. the 92-year-old gossip writer claims barry diller asked her in 1992: 'do you think i should come out?'   smith claims she advised diller, the chairman of media company iac, against it, and that he 'worships' his wife diane von furstenberg. smith, a lesbian, has been with her partner iris love for years and started her career in new york city when she was 25.
kyle patrick loughlin, who was enrolled at bridgewater state university on an early childhood education course, was arrested on tuesday night. police found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers in his dorm room . he pleaded 'not guilty' to counts of raping a child and aggravated indecent assault and battery. the student allegedly said he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager.
dalny vostock was carrying 132 crew members when it sank in the sea of okhotsk at 4am on thursday. more than 1,300 fishermen and emergency staff are involved in the huge rescue operation. 63 people have been rescued, but at least 54 bodies have been recovered. 13 crew members are still missing after the trawler tipped over when a fishing net was pulled in. early reports say the ship sank in 15 minutes after its engine room was flooded.
robert abercrombie, known as rob venomous, uploaded video of him pulling out his son's tooth with a muscle car. his son james, eight, had been asking for days to pull out his wobbly tooth with his father's car. the professional wrestler revved up the engine of his red chevrolet camero and pulled out the tooth. james had been asked by his father for several days to extract the tooth using his car.
duncan hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of executive plaza building in manhattan at 8.30am on monday. he was found on balcony of neighbouring michelangelo hotel and was declared dead at the scene. tax adviser from birmingham, west midlands, worked for accountancy firm ernst and young. new york police department said they are treating his death as suicide.
hkeem kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away saturday morning after falling six stories from the roof of the bronx building. police officers were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building on thursday night. hakeem jumped over a three-foot high wall before he fell from roof. kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by a dividing wall. he was taken to st barnabas hospital where he was listed in critical condition.
long-running motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in catch-up service's top five for month. four episodes of top gear were watched a total of 9,047,000 times while episode two alone was watched 2,645,000. viewing figures come a week after presenter jeremy clarkson was dismissed from bbc. bbc received 299million requests for streaming or downloading programmes during the month.
keonna thomas, 30, was arrested at her philadelphia home friday on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the islamic state group. thomas was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group. she was charged with providing material aid to terrorists. her arrest comes a day after two women were charged with plotting to wage jihad by building a bomb and using it for a boston marathon-type attack.
markieff and marcus morris, 25, are forwards for the phoenix suns in the nba. they are being investigated for allegedly assaulting erik hood at 7:30pm on saturday, january 24. police say the twins and three others assaulted hood at a phoenix sports complex. hood told police he sent a text telling the twins' mother, thomasine, he would 'always be there for her' the twins have denied assaulting hood.
deathwatch beetles are living in timber frames of hay castle in hay-on-wye, welsh border. £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect threat to the 800-year-old mansion. hay castle was built in the late 12th century by a welsh lord.
brandon afoa, 33, of puyallup, washington, was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed. he crashed into a luggage lift at 2am on december 26, 2007. the accident left him unable to use his legs or right arm. he sued port of seattle, which owns and operates the airport, claiming the company failed to maintain a safe workplace. the case was locked in the courts for years as the port claimed it wasn't liable. but a king county jury ruled in 2013 that the airport had a 'duty' to pay out.
baby malakai has been diagnosed with a rare medical condition known as pallister killian syndrome. his mother stacy maitai had to give up her job in perth in order to care for her son full-time. the newborn cannot see, cannot hear and struggles to breath. without an income, she has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $90 a week to support her baby and her seven-year-old daughter. she is not eligible for further financial assistance from centrelink as she's not an australian citizen. the baby has been alive for seven months and he's never left the hospital.
keith cameron, 54, persuaded friend and neighbour jonathan speirs to part with £476,864 of his life savings. he promised a £2million return on his investment in two years but it was all a lie. he spent the money on a new york flat for his daughter and a string of holidays. cameron was jailed for five years at edinburgh sheriff court for scamming the world-famous lighting architect. his victim's family now faces being forced to sell off their home and his daughter faces missing out on university .
mark doggett has trained his two dogs to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses. four-year-old border collie meg and 22-month-old english springer spaniel jess were trained for six months to detect dry rot. he now plans to train the dogs to hunt out bed bugs for hotels and hospitals.
the money was collected from students at the university of surrey. thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets. currency was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly. most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless, but money has been known to carry dangerous diseases.
robert dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an interstate 89 median and smashed into a car carrying john timmons, 29, and amanda murphy, 24, and their unborn baby. he pleaded guilty to negligent homicide and assault for the deaths of the couple and the unborn fetus. he faces 12 to 24 years in prison. on wednesday he was accused of being 'heartless' in court by the families of murphy and jason timmons. he told a judge that he wasn't suicidal at the time of the crash.
no one in britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than india's. patrick barkham’s book is written to celebrate 50 years of enterprise neptune. the national trust has acquired 742 miles of coast.
the couple from texas married in 2012 and rented a photo booth for their wedding party. premiere photos allegedly printed, 'poor n***** party' at the bottom of some of the photos. the bride's sister didn't tell the couple about the racial slur until months after the wedding. james evans who runs premiere photo allegedly didn't apologize and told the couple to'sue' him. evans has denied all allegations. the couple is suing premiere photos.
gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the west end of central london to steal cash and belongings. plain clothes police are attempting to drive down thefts in busy shopping areas. chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in london, according to undercover police teams.
self-styled 'angry leftie revolutionary and magician' gareth shoulder has been recruited by bbc to comment on election. 24-year-old is a member of bbc's 'generation 2015 election youth panel'   he used his twitter page to make disparaging remark about mr cameron and ivan, who died aged six in 2009.
the network handed williams a six-month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003. but according to a report in vanity fair, he started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure following in tom brokaw's footsteps at nbc. he took over the nightly news in 2004 - but former correspondents claim he always 'jacked up' his stories to 'overcome his insecurities'    brokaws was 'incensed' when he heard the stories - but he 'didn't try to save him' and instead suggested he might have a brain tumor.
one crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off, and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar. many popular easter eggs contain more sugar than is recommended in a day by the world health organisation. a kit kat chunky easter egg contains 24 teaspoons, double the recommended daily amount. exercise coaches recommend how to offset the calories.
cryos international, an online sperm bank, is moving its offices from new york to a research park in florida. the company is relocating to tap into 'the abundant donor opportunities' at the university of central floria. cryos supplies sperm online to all 50 u.s. states and 80 countries worldwide. the university has an undergraduate intake of around 52,000 students per year, of which 23,000 are male.
zaur dadaev is accused of being involved in the murder of russian opposition leader boris nemstov in february. he confessed to the murder but retracted his confession last month. now he has told a court he was abducted, beaten and pressured into confessing to the crime.   human rights activists said he had signs of torture on his body when they visited him in jail last month . the politician was shot in the back four times on a bridge close to the kremlin in moscow.
the bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015. cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs xanax and tramadol were seized in the eight month operation. the two schools hit were pearland high school and dawson high school. one adult student and two juvenile students were arrested.
labour leader ed miliband says he will 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-domicile status which allows millionaires to reduce tax. but shadow chancellor ed balls warned scrapping the tax break would cost britain money.    mr miliband said  'real temporary residents' would be allowed to take advantage of the rules. but he argues that non-doms tests 'are not very rigorous' and can be granted to people with property abroad.
felix the cat disappeared after his crate was damaged after a 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york. the two-year-old grey tabby cat has been missing for almost a week. owner jennifer stewart, 31, and husband, joseph naaman, have enlisted the help of a non-profit organisation to locate the cat. etihad airways is investigating the disappearance and continues to search for the cat .
nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies. one of the projects is a faster method of propulsion known as vasimr. it could get humans to mars in just 39 days - and could be used on a mission to mars. the engine uses plasma as a propellant and is being developed by ad astra rocket company in texas. nasa is considering it for use on a future manned mission to the red planet.
the film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of april, blowing past the $95 million debut of captain america:. the winter soldier. it is the highest-grossing opening for any film in the fast and furious franchise. audiences flocked to see actor paul walker in one of his final roles.
the idea of another referendum on scotland's future in the uk before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies. it comes after scottish first minister nicola sturgeon refused to rule out staging a second independence vote.    snp leader insists snp victory in 2016 holyrood elections would not trigger another referendum.
corrie has reportedly overturned a ban on its stars doing voiceover work for radio adverts. katy cavanagh was told off by bosses for lending her voice to a rival station. the coronation street star is one of many stars to lend their voice to ad campaigns. benedict cumberbatch, olivia colman and thierry henry have all used their voices.
bear was hunting salmon in thebrooks river in the katmai national park, in southern alaska. the fish was swimming up stream to reach the breeding grounds of sockeye salmon, which migrate up rivers during the spring. but the bear was unable to catch his dinner, and let the fish jump straight at him.
misao okawa died of heart failure at her nursing home in osaka, japan, on april 1 aged 117. she was born on march 5, 1898 and lived through two world wars and the invention of the television. at her 117th birthday party last month she said her life seemed 'rather short' the great-grandmother was the oldest person in the world when she died. american gertrude weaver, aged 116, is now the world's oldest person.
katie price still regularly checks kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is out. it has been reported she still hasn't forgiven her husband for cheating. sam bailey says she is scared he will run off with other women. relationship expert tracey cox reveals it can be hard for people to move on after infidelity.
zhou qunfei, 45, was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china. her mother died when she was five and her father was nearly blinded in an accident. she worked in a factory making glass for watches and earned less than £100 a month. she quit after three months and was promoted to head up a new department. she set up her own company lens technology, which supplies window glass used in apple devices. she is now china's richest woman after her company went public, making her wealthier than richard branson.
figures show 205 seals were legally killed in scotland waters last year by farmers, fishermen and angling firms to protect fish stocks. some cubs are being left to fend for themselves after their mothers are killed. it is legal to kill seals without a licence in england but not in other parts of the uk. farmers say seals threaten farmed salmon and wild fish.
kevin franklin, 53, says he will switch his lights on every evening in april for autism awareness month. his 15-year-old son bradley is autistic and wants to raise awareness of charities. he put the lights up after christmas, prompting anger from some neighbours. he said he will keep them up 'out of principle' but will take them down next month.
deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 per cent in formally rock-solid lib dem constituency in sheffield hallam. mr clegg won his seat by a huge margin in 2010 with more than 50 per cent of the vote. aides say he will be out knocking doors on friday, saturday and sunday. but poll shows 36% of voters are now planning to vote for labour's oliver coppard.
colombian-born manuela arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday's price is right. the model and host drew carey both gasped as she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se. she has since said it's the 'biggest mistake ever in game show history' and the first of her six-year career. after the blunder she broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear' but producers and host carey were'supportive and understanding'
joshua smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in berwick-upon-tweed, northumberland. he was plucked from the water by crew of an raf rescue helicopter and flown to hospital. police have said they are not treating teen's death as suspicious, but have referred it to police watchdog.
jeremy clarkson is now a green campaigner and simon cowell will be put on the £5 note. leaning tower of pisa is going to become a luxury hotel. longleat safari park is not protecting visitors' cars with bubble wrap. tesco's new trampoline aisles and manchester united using astrology also made up.
the plan was revealed in an email sent out to youtube partners. it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of youtube for a monthly fee. youtube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees - the same percentage as advertising. the service is expected to go live this year. youtube's music key beta launches today but is currently invite-only.
the state of oregon on friday released 94,000 emails involving former governor john kitzhaber's fiancee cylvia hayes. the emails show that hayes played a very active role in his administration. hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees. she was accused of using her relationship with the governor to land contracts for her business.
marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in southern sydney in early april 1975. the teenager jumped off her school bus to say she had forgotten something and jumped off the bus. an inquest has found she probably ran away and may still be alive. the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence of suicide. marian was reportedly fed up with taking care of her siblings and her mother.
the prize porker, known as pigwig, had fallen into the pool in ringwood, hampshire. two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to haul the huge black pig out of the pool. firefighters were also called out to rescue a horse which had fallen in a garden swimming pool.
sam gallagher scored a stunning goal in extra time to win the premier league u21 cup for southampton. the game ended 1-1 after 180 minutes at st mary's after matt targett scored an own goal for blackburn. southampton were reduced to 10 men late on in normal time as harrison reed was sent off.
becca and dale litchfield decided to give up their dream wedding in order to have one final shot at ivf. the couple from gotham, nottingham, had failed to conceive naturally. becca and partner dale had attempted two rounds of fertility treatment. after winning a wedding competition the couple were able to have a white wedding. they have since given birth to twins stanley and darci-mai.
president barack obama's spokesman, josh earnest, refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators. talks were scheduled to cease at midnight on tuesday if iran was still unwilling to agree to a deal. french foreign minister laurent fabius rushed back to lausanne to continue talks.
george and amal clooney submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema. cinema room is now an 'expected' luxury in properties worth over £10million. cinemas can cost anything from a few thousand to £100,000 to kit out.
millie elia, an eighth-grade student from oak mountain, alabama, died following the accident at mount cheaha state park around 4.40pm on saturday. the teenager had been rappelling with her family and a friend when she fell. she was an active member of a baptist youth group.
the prince of wales was visiting the rheged centre in cumbria as part of his work for the campaign for wool and the prince's countryside fund. charles was meeting farmers and charity staff when he met 16-month-old noah ginesi from penrith. the prince was making his first stop on a day-long tour of rural communities and businesses.
currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in new south wales. tamworth, 403km north of sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences. detective superintendent mick plotecki said us's popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase.
deborah hutton has released a cook book of her favourite recipes.'my love affair with food' is a cookbook of over 40 recipes. the media personality is releasing it in collaboration with the australian women's weekly. hutton says she bucks the 'diet/health cookbook' trend. the 53-year-old has a health and wellbeing website 'balance by deborah'   hutton shares her favourite dishes from the book.
twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature. the new tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages, meaning that users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet. available on twitter’s website and the iphone app, the feature will roll out to android handsets soon. celebrity chef and prolific tweeter, nigella lawson, has already commented on a retweet.
ian guffick asked pupils at mitton manor primary school in tewkesbury to make changes to exam answers. 31-year-old also altered a number of pupil's exam answers himself before papers were sent off. department for education annulled the whole school's sats results after a probe by the local education authority. he was banned from the classroom for at least two years by a conduct panel.
boeing has filed a patent for a 'upright' sleeping support system known as a 'cuddle chair' it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest. the aviation company claims it is far superior to neck pillows. boeing says it files many patents but does not pursue them.
study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents. bullying by parents is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year. 15 per cent had threats made against them, compared to seven per cent last year. proportion of teachers suffering abuse from both parents and pupils has doubled in a year.
beatrice nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in central london. she is accused of running the vice ring with detective constable daniel williams, 37. chemistry student is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex. nokes is the daughter of two respected solicitors and a scotland yard detective. he faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding profits in socks.
in southern germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional easter monday procession on horseback. in slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of the weekend celebrations. in hungary, women present the men with coloured eggs in exchange for being sprinkled with water.
natalie fletcher's '100 bodies across america' project is a body-painter's dream project. she has been travelling around the united states painting different people in each town. she hopes to complete the entire series by september this year. each work takes between 45 minutes and three hours to complete. her subjects are painted wearing only underwear.
claudetteia love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to carroll high school's prom in monroe, louisiana, because principal patrick taylor had told her she had to wear a dress. her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country. but now, principal taylor and school board president rodney mcfarland have told the student she can wear a tux to the prom.
the company expects the new 'artisan grilled chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 u.s. stores by the end of next week. it will be included in a new sandwich and existing menu items. the change comes as mcdonald's fights to hold onto customers amid the growing popularity of places like chipotle.
'strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade' said chief scientist for nasa, ellen stofan. the space agency announced the news at a talk in washington today. nasa says there are at least 200 billion earth-like planets in our galaxy. the announcement has been prompted by the discovery of water by nasa in surprising places.
labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life' but his crackdown backfired spectacularly. freedom of information requests found 22,000 zero-hours contracts handed out by labour-run councils. 68 labour mps signed up researchers and other staff on zero-hour contracts in last two years.
small time drug dealer rudy guede, 29, is currently serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in perugia, italy. knox and ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for murder before being exonerated last month. guede was convicted of being an accomplice to a murder.
james robarge, 45, from saxtons river, vermont was sentenced to 30 years to life in prison for second-degree murder in the death of his wife, 42-year-old kelly robarge. robarge was convicted of beating his wife to death after she disappeared from her charlestown, new hampshire, home on june 27, 2013. her body was found 10 days later in unity with her hands and head detached . she had filed for divorce after 24 years of marriage and was due to appear in court for a divorce hearing . he has served nearly two years behind bars and could be eligible for parole in about 28 years.
research has revealed frequency of britons having sex has been in decline since emergence of the internet. professor david spiegelhalter, a statistician at cambridge university, says people check their emails 'all the time'   a typical heterosexual couple is now having sex three times a month, compared to four times in 2000 and five times in 1990.
louis jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal. jordan was spotted by a german-flagged boat on thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a south carolina marina.
police arrested 12 protesters thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of mauna kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built. native hawaiian groups do not oppose the thirty meter telescope itself, they disagree with the location of the construction on the mountain. all of the highest points in the islands are considered the home of deities. some consider the $1.4 billion thirty meter telescopes project as desecrating the big island's mountain.
laura alicia caldero, 26, was arrested on a beach in playa del carmen, mexico. she claims she was arrested for suntanning under a palm tree on a private beach reserved for tourists. police say she was removed because she refused to pay a fine of £70. but police insist she was taken because she 'assaulted a group of private guards' video footage of her arrest has caused outrage online.
sarah stage, 30, is a los angeles-based lingerie model and animal rights activist. she is eight months pregnant with her first child. has been documenting her pregnancy body on instagram. critics claim her trim physique could be harming her unborn child. the model is a fitness fanatic and keeps up her figure with daily gym visits.
ronda blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted after she and a friend took a ride home from a man after school in rural hall, north carolina. ronda was found in a heavily wooded area 20 miles away from the bowling alley where she and her friend had taken a ride from a stranger . the man still lives in the area and police say they are close to finding him . he was in his early twenties back in 1980, drove a blue pickup truck with a white shell over the bed and went by jimmy.
former merrill lynch bank of america employee faces life in prison if convicted of the murder charges. seneng mujiasih and sumarti ningsih, both in their 20s, were found dead in jutting's flat in november. his case has been adjourned for five weeks after prosecution asked for more time.
diane mclean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when fire destroyed their apartment in east village last week. dr mclean says she and daughter rose, 8, and twins james and annabelle, 5, had nothing more than the clothes on their backs after the explosion. the parents of several of her children's classmates have offered places to stay and clothing. a gofundme campaign has raised nearly $90,000 for the family. dr mclean paid just $1,500 a month for the rent-stabilized apartment.
rodrigo alves is appearing on the new season of the e! reality show botched, this time as a mentor for another patient. the 31-year-old london flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants. mr alves has reportedly spent more than more than $265,000 on plastic surgery.
all 36 units at redlands house sheltered accommodation in penarth have been given the colourful treatment. pensioner graham white, 76, said the property looks'more like a children's playscheme'   but the local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on the social networking site. 24-year-old was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries in greater manchester. career criminal claimed he worked in'midnight removals' in his online profile. he was jailed for nine and a half years after admitting to a string of offences.
memories pizza in walkerton, indiana, has closed its doors after being abused over the phone and online. owners crystal and kevin o'connor said last week they would refuse to serve a gay wedding. the pizzeria's owner, kevin, said he has temporarily closed the doors after the religious freedom restoration act was passed. supporters have raised more than $440,000 for the owners via a fundraising page. the pizza joint had been in operation for nine years, but owners say it is only temporary.
ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . the next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland, which weinstein is producing, at the lunt-fontanne theater and posted it on her instagram. directly after the show, she posted a photo of an empty glass of water from the hotel where nypd picked up weinstein. weinstein, 63, has denied the allegations.
american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas-fort worth international airport to wichita falls, texas, on sunday night. the plane left nearly a half-hour late. the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on. officials first said that the pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights.
the rosetta spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface of comet 67p on saturday. but it lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas. the probe was placed into ‘safe mode’, causing it to momentarily lose contact with earth. the european space agency’s spacecraft uses two star trackers to work out where it is in space. and during the recent flyby, the spacecraft started to mistake comet debris for stars, losing sight of earth.
charlotte cobbald, 17, was on day release from a mental health unit when she died. she was suffering from anorexia and depression and was a 'perfectionist'   her father stephen was keeping illegally the drug on his farm and she injected it after saying she felt like a 'failure'  she ran away from her father, saying 'let me die' before collapsing in a field and her family called 999.
68 labour councils and mps employed staff on zero-hours contracts in past two years. ed miliband vowed to end 'epidemic' of the controversial contracts. party chiefs scrambled to shore up support after mps accused of 'total hypocrisy'    labour's biggest donor unite lost a tribunal ruling over employee who claims he was sacked for complaining.   mps' own labour councils have issued 22,000 of the contracts.
pete bennett says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless. the big brother winner, 33, from brighton, won £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the reality show in 2006. the troubled star says he is now sofa surfing and spending each night on the sofa.
corinne gump, 10, and her grandparents, judy and bill schmidt, were killed in a house fire in youngstown, ohio, on monday. robert seman, jr., 46, was accused of repeatedly raping the girl over several years. he was under house arrest at the time of the fire but he was back in custody on m monday after it emerged he allegedly tried to bribe a witness in the case. her mother, lynn sch schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home. seman was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl but his trial has been postponed.
london book fair author hq is a three-day programme of seminars for budding authors. experienced authors will be on hand to reveal how they launched their careers. the london book and screen week is running simultaneously from april 13 to 19. the event is a celebration of all things literary and film.
researchers based at different institutions in tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain. the study suggests that the pained faces of rats may have a ‘communicative function’. they may even use expressions to warn other rats of danger or ask for help.
prison officer thomas jordan driver, 25, was arrested on thursday. he and two other members of the american knights of the ku klux klan planned to kill a black inmate after his release in retaliation for a fight. the men believed the prisoner was infected with hiv and hepatitis and had bitten one of the prison officers. driver, david moran, 47, and charles thomas newcomb, 42, were charged with conspiracy to commit murder.
nick cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to mariah carey. even though they have a prenup that would pay nick $10million, he demanded $30million. when mariah refused he decided to get his payday through a book deal.  nick is being very vengeful, dating other women in public including nicole murphy and michael strahan's ex.
rachel chepulis, 26, was arrested with convicted felon wesley e. brown iii in north bend, oregon after 19 days on the run. she helped him escape from jail in north dakota 19 days ago. the married felon is thought to have befriended single prison guard while behind bars. brown, 35, is married with children and escaped from devils lake correctional center in march. he was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm. the pair were captured 1,700 miles from the jail after being caught in a car driven by chepulais.
british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, according to survey by headset manufacturer sennheiser. one in five adults admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting. 70 per cent of 2000 workers said they constantly zone out while in meetings. 60 per cent say they find most meetings 'pretty pointless', with average worker switching off after 20 minutes.
james paul harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old james gerety. harris pleaded no contest in december to involuntary manslaughter in the death of the man. the victim's brother, tom gerey, said the justice system is 'a joke' and that the light sentence sends the wrong message. a judge sentenced harris to four years and two months.
any employee working in the us, uk, australia, canada, china and japan will be eligible for a 50% discount. it applies to the standard model and sport model and does not apply to the edition model. apple's watch goes on display in stores on friday and employees can pre-order it. apple boss tim cook is rewarding his staff by offering the discount on the watch. the half-price discount applies to all apple products and will last for 90 days. it does not affect the expensive edition model, which starts at $10,000 in the uk and £8,000.
scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups. secret garden has been translated into 22 languages and is a bestseller. the arty fad is said to have started in france. experts say it's a kickback against the stresses of modern life.
four-year-old hudea was pictured in atmeh refugee camp on syria's border with turkey. she and her family left two weeks ago after her father was killed in the hama massacre. family moved south towards the city of idlib - only for it to fall to al-nusra affiliate at the weekend. it is thought the family are now in the clutches of al qaeda's brutal syrian affiliate. family are believed to have been living in the camp since her father's death.
the 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country. he is alleged to have got the ump party to pay off his personal fine for over-spending. on sunday, sarkozy's party made massive electoral gains against the socialists in regional elections. he was being grilled by judges at a specialist financial court in paris today.
david suchet, 68, is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases. his grandson todd has the rare condition tuberous sclerosis complex. he said ‘mismanagement in the admin side’ of the nhs means his grandson is not receiving treatment. suchet is best known as the star of tv series poirot.
the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central europe - may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683. genetic analysis of the beast show it was a bactrian-dromedary hybrid - a breed popular in the ottoman army at the time. the camel was male, around seven years old and most likely castrated.
u.s. district court judge jon tigar in san francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old michelle-lael norsworthy violates her constitutional rights. she has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder. the surgery could cost taxpayers as much as $100,000. michelle has lived as a woman since the 1990s and has severe gender dysphoria.
mclean's original manuscript and notes to 'american pie' sold at christie's auction house in new york for $1.2 million on tuesday. the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song. mclean, 69, wrote the song about 'the day the music died' on february 3, 1959, when buddy holly and j.p. 'big bopper' richardson died in a plane crash. the original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse, which was crossed out and never recorded.
researchers from texas a&m school of public health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in 45 states with texting bans. the study could not prove that a texting ban is the cause of the drop in car accidents. drivers between the ages of 25 and 40 are the most likely group to get in an accident related to texting and driving.
polish father, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk. only clue to his identity is a distinctive tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm. taken to hospital after he arrived at the polish consulate in central london. may be from the poznan area of poland and has a daughter called lenka.
lu lu and partner zhen zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds at the sichuan giant panda research centre. lu lu has been nicknamed 'the enduring brother' after setting a new record for the year. the chinese panda lasts longer than the average american man in bed.
victoria prosser, 33, stood up and heckled david cameron about homeless people who had served in the armed forces. she was ejected from the studio and told reporters she works in 'health and wellbeing'    she challenged mr cameron because she wanted people to question 'the 1 per cent at the top' who she claimed were not working in the country's interests.
mrs clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher.    she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ‘heartbroken’   bill clinton admitted in the summer of 1998 that he was having sex with former white house intern miss lewinsky.
karen wakefield took her 13-year-old daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to turkey. mother-of-two and her partner paul dawson could face three months in jail for refusing to pay fines. mrs wakefield appeared in bbc's controversial documentary 'people like us'   she claims she and her husband could be jailed for three months or given fines of £1,000 each. she claims her daughter's school refused to give her permission to take her daughter abroad during term time.
69 per cent of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder. u.s. researchers looked at those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (ssri)   38 per cent didn't meet criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder.
reverend robert h. schuller died early thursday at a care facility in california . he and his late wife, arvella, started a ministry in 1955 with $500 when he began preaching from the roof of a drive-in movie theater southeast of los angeles . at its peak, in the 1990s, his tv ministry had 20 million viewers in about 180 countries. he suffered a heart attack in 1997 and was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus .
danielle davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan showed her baby had a brain cyst on the brain. daisy suffers from rare disorder anophthalmia, which means 'lack of eyes'   daisy will never be able to see, but can be fitted with prosthetic eyes for cosmetic reasons.
professor bryan sykes of the university of oxford claims a towering woman named zana who lived in 19th century russia could have been the fabled yeti. witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal'   she was discovered in the caucasus mountains and believed to be 'half human, half ape' and covered in thick auburn hair. dna evidence from her living relatives and the remains of her son proves she was of african descent and lived in the caucusus mountains.
today is april fools' day and companies are out in force to hoodwink consumers. hailo launch a piggy back taxi service and a self-tanning shower valve. kim k's bottom has inspired a jelly mould and ass-lolly. moorish humous and licktators launch a humous face mask. firebox and sainsbury's launch 'yolkless' egg whites.
young boy named gabriel was befriended by a brown bear at a zoo in north american zoo. the youngster is captured on camera standing next to the animal and putting his hands against the glass partition. the bear appears to try and bite the youngster through the glass and rubs against it.
actress wants to build a sea wall along the west sussex coast to protect her £3.25million beach house. but natural england has recommended the planning application be refused by her local district council. environmental body says it may result in the 'direct loss' of natural habitat. academy award-winning actress bought the house in 2013 and lives there with her family.
amy johnson, 38, faces two assault charges after she allegedly grabbed a 16-year-old mcdonald's worker by the neck and scratched her face. the mother claims the fries had spilled out of their containers and the worker used her hands to put them back in the packet. ms johnson was a passenger in a bmw when she went through the drive-through at sydney's inner west. she allegedly threw her order back and demanded a new order of fries. police say she grabbed the teenager by the face and grabbed her around the neck. she faces assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault charges.
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in zion, illinois, on saturday afternoon. officers were called to reports of an argument with tramond peet, 18, over a gun. police chief steve dumyahn said howell'stole a handgun' and was pointing it at another teen. howell was running from police when he was shot and police opened fire from behind. peet told police he was trying to sell the gun to howell - but howell tried to take it and pointed it at him.
restaurant owner sandy dee hall, 34, and his girlfriend maxine cher, 24, adopted smokey da lamb after he was abandoned by his mother. smokey was born at a farm in upstate new york but was left to die in the cold. he has been living with sandy in his lower east side apartment. but city officials are now demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm.
the collection of 350,000 papers was amassed by george iv and has been under lock and key for 200 years. the queen declared herself'stunned' by the contents of the archive at windsor castle. included a book of poetry and letters from rear-admiral sir samuel hood written during the war of independence. the collection has been digitised by king's college london.
four-poster oak wood bed was left in the car park of former redland house hotel in chester and sold for £2,200 in 2010. builders who were renovating the property left it to be picked up by auctioneers. tv historian jonathan foyle has spent years trying to prove it was once belonging to king henry vii. dna testing on the bed's timber proved it once belonged to king and he traced it back to 1495. bed features an inscription from the matthew bible of 1537 and features biblical scenes of henry and wife elizabeth of york.
police went to a home on march 26 in balch springs, texas, to do a welfare check and were told that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' was performed. the child's parents took the body to mexico the following day. it is not known if the ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child.
new infographic from london furniture company made.com shows scientifically proven tactics to change the layout of your bedroom. ninety-one per cent of britons say their sleep environment impacts their sleep. sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out.
ben elton took a swipe at myleene klass over her criticism of ed miliband's mansion tax plans. comedian said popstar made her money'showering in a bikini' at labour rally in warrington. eddie izzard, joey essex and sally lindsay were also at the event. edmiliband announced a £5 billion future homes fund and said labour would 'get britain building again'
firm claims new version uses far less energy to produce and cook than pork and beef variety. ikea sells one billion of its regular meatballs every year and is as famous for them as flat-pack furniture. veggie balls created from a secret recipe of chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers and kale.
cardiff-based car insurer admiral said many young job seekers fill in application forms using 'text speak' instead of proper words. report by welsh assembly said many youngsters were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities. admiral is one of britain's biggest car insurance companies with more than 5,000 staff.
ukip campaign chief patrick o'flynn accused brussels of feeding 'propaganda' to young people.    party accused of performing yet another u-turn on immigration policy after ruling out setting a net migration target.  party leader david cameron has promised to claw back powers before in-out referendum. but ukip deputy chairman suzanne evans said under-18s should not be allowed to vote.
mario ambarita, 21, clambered into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight which took off from the main island of sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to jakarta. he was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the vehicle and was rushed to hospital. the man was 'looking for work' when he took the chance to smuggle himself into the vehicle.
leia, an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep. the video of leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on facebook.
two swimmers were swimming in the shallows off destin, florida, when they spotted a giant hammerhead shark chasing a fish. a group of men on a penthouse balcony shouted at the swimmers to get out of the water. hammerheads are largely harmless to humans, but swimmers weren't willing to stick around to prove it. only 17 unprovoked attacks on humans by hammerheads have been recorded.
simona trasca, 34, known as 'romania's pamela anderson', said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it. dr marek valcu claimed her comments were defamatory and sued her. ms trasca was ordered to pay dr valcu £1,500 in compensation and take out ads in national newspapers.
audrey alexander's neighbour's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and blocks sunlight from her garden. she claims it has knocked £20,000 off the value of neighbour's house. battle started 35 years ago when neighbour's vegetable patch died in shade of hedge. stirling district council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay, although it has to be cut to 20ft.
natalie whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness - she cannot recognise herself in the mirror. the mother-of-two struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd. she is able to recognise objects, but not faces, and walks past lifelong friends in the street. mrs whitear was diagnosed with the condition three years ago.
all elephants will be phased out of the ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus performance by 2018. once they retire from performing, they will be taken to the ringling brothers elephant conservation center in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of polk county in central florida. some of the asian elephants will live out the rest of their lives in the center, while others will be used for breeding. the center's goal is to conserve the asians, whose population has decreased from 100,000 to between 25,000 and 32,000.
marc benioff, the ceo of salesforce, was one of the first corporate executives to react to indiana's religious freedom restoration act. he initially called it 'brutal' and 'unjust' and suspended employee travel to the state. but he is now trying to relocate state employees who are 'uncomfortable' with the bill. the law was brought in by governor mike pence and has sparked boycotts of indiana. salesforce has 2,000 employees in the state and is trying to help those who want to move out of the state .
jo gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on valentine's day when a staph infection invaded her body and attacked her spine. she will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair caring for her two-year-old son tommy. the mother of one was told she will never walk again and will be confined to a wheelchair. she has been in brisbane's princess alexandra hospital for three months and doctors are still trying to rid her body of the bacteria.
the 68-year-old pulaski county resident terrill wayne newman was known as gatewood galbraith until tuesday. he is vying to become the next governor of kentucky.   he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm gatewood's grave'   the late local celebrity bid five times for the title but never won enough votes.
john zelepos of north stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses. between 2006 and 2010, he diverted just over $567,000 from mystic pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members. mystic pizza became a tourist attraction after julia roberts starred in the 1988 movie about the lives of three waitresses.
the 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from south carolina for a heavy metal show in atlanta. the driver of the van 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the road'    the van and trailer traveled 300 feet off of the road before crashing into trees on the side of the highway. the three men who died were ejected from the vehicle and the driver was not injured in the crash.
the cheyenne mountain complex in colorado was home to the north american aerospace command. it was built in the 1960s to protect the american response to a soviet nuclear attack. the military complex is home to more than 1,000 personnel and is protected by a 25-ton blast door. the base was closed down nearly ten years ago as the threat from russia subsided. but the pentagon announced this week that the base will again be home to military equipment.
there are only about 250 philippine crocodiles left in the wild, making them the most endangered crocodile species in the world. seven crocodiles flew from melbourne zoo to the philippines as part of a major conservation effort. the crocodiles travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by the zoo. the crocs will be released into the wild at the palawan wildlife rescue & conservation centre.
taken in tokyo, the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims die alone and go unnoticed by their families for weeks or months. the images capture the work of japan's 'lonely death' squads, who specialise is clearing out the properties of elderly people who die alone. thankfully, police officers will have already removed the badly decomposed bodies before the cleaning teams arrive.
genetic analysis of ancient human remains shows europeans were dark skinned for far longer than previously thought. early humans migrated from africa 40,000 years ago but kept their dark skin colour. it was not until 7,800 years ago that two genes that make skin lighter appeared. the first farmers from the near east and turkey brought the genes to europe. the researchers found that hunter gatherers up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin.
three men, two women and four children were detained at a checkpoint in ogulpinar, turkey. youngest of the children is two and the eldest is 11, it is believed. turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters trying to flee to islamic state stronghold.
roadways around st louis, missouri, were flooded in the intense downpour. two inches of rain was recorded in half an hour in some areas. storms also hit parts of indiana and knocked down trees and power lines. more severe weather is expected across the central u.s.
asma fahmi was walking to her car in sydney with her sister and ill mother when they were attacked by three men from a balcony. the 34-year-old was with her family when three men pelted hard boiled eggs at their heads. asma was taking her mother to a matinee screening of les miserables. she has been attacked twice in four years and believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system.
animated gifs are created in the camoji app. users can add filters and other effects. lets you record a gif with unique filters and text and share it to messenger. one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook's decision to open up messenger. allows people to add instagram style filters to images.
the 33-year-old and her husband henry hager already have a daughter, mila, who turns two later this month. jenna revealed the news live on this morning's today show. she is already 20 weeks into her pregnancy. she and henry broke the news to her parents, former president george bush and laura hager.
cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood orders inquiry into claims snp leader nicola sturgeon wants cameron to win election. investigation comes after she claimed she was the victim of whitehall 'dirty tricks'   row follows allegation she told french ambassador sylvie bermann she would prefer a tory general election victory. it is claimed she said labour leader ed miliband is not 'pm material'
noise levels being measured on rollercoaster at flambards theme park in helston over the easter holiday period. readings will be recorded to see if noise will impact residents of new 480-home development nearby. helston town council planning committee is considering a new housing estate for 1,000 residents.
47% of women aged over 55 regret their career choices compared to only 40% of men. nearly half of women have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles. 10% of females regretted not having more children, compared to 6% men. more men than women regretted not dating more before they settled down.
the planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the martian moon phobos in 2033, leading up to a landing on the red planet in 2039. it says politics is holding nasa's human space exploration budget back. the plan could fit within nasa budget - but is 'an issue for the next president'    the phobos mission would last 30 months, with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit.
the former u.s. representative walked through the airport in california using a cane. she was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut mark kelly, and a young woman. ms giffords was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech four years ago. she is now a passionate advocate for gun control. the couple were seen jetting out of los angeles after visiting his former space shuttle.
university of sydney ran a 17-week diploma for year 11 students at scot's college to 'buy' entry to university. eight students gained direct entry to the university without completing their hsc. education minister adrian piccoli has called the program 'unfair' and 'unacceptable'   the program has been shut down by the university's academic board.
terry martin, 48, shot his girlfriend laurice hampton,. 48, after she asked for half of the proceeds. but hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 to report the shootings. martin was pronounced dead from a wound to the head at their home in fort worth, texas. the couple had known each other since childhood.
british musician has written new songs and arranged older music for new york theatre workshop production of the man who fell to earth. bowie, 68, played an alien in the 1976 cult classic film. he is not expected to perform in the production. it has been in the works for years and will open later this year.
domonico rancadore was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of cosa nostra. mobster fled to britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in italy. he has lived in the uk for more than 20 years and was due to be extradited to italy to serve sentence. but his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn and he will be allowed to remain in uk.
dr alex russell shares his tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours. the wine expert has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years. dr alex has a phd on the taste and smell perception of wine. he shares his top tips on how to master the art of wine tasting.
gareth silk and five friends from cwmbran, south wales, dressed in high heels and denim hot pants for a stag do in benidorm, spain. the men were inspired by the money supermarket advert featuring 'dave's epic strut'    the men earned a lot of attention from locals, other holiday goers and even the police. the video maker, david rowles, 38, said some of the group were walking 'too well' in the heels.
crystal and kevin o'connor of memories pizza in walkerton, indiana, said they would refuse to cater a gay wedding. they raised $500,000 on gofundme to keep the pizzeria open but were forced to close after being abused over the phone and online. crystal and her father kevin said they plan to re-open soon but are 'keeping a low profile'   the pizza shop has never catered a wedding before and has been in operation for nine years.
kimberly greenberg became angry and left her santa monica home to go for a walk to calm down. the 15-year-old disappeared more than a week ago without her cellphone or medication. her mother janice greenberg has made an urgent appeal for help. the autistic teenager has the mental capacity of an eight-year old.
st john's college and anthony bethell, 74, locked in battle over unkempt hedge between properties in warwickshire. hedgerow marks boundary between his home and college's land. mr bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge. but he claims st john's has refused to agree with him and he has been forced to take college to court. both sides have spent £80,000 in legal fees in a court case likely to cost £150,000. crown court judge said bushes are quickly becoming 'the most expensive hedge in warlickshire'
the new'skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in yunyang county, southwest china. the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point 4,000 feet above sea level. it is 16ft longer than the skywalk at the grand canyon and measures 27 metres from the cliff face.
sydney couple epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries and 70 cities. the couple spent a year filming one mini documentary a day. with a strict budget of $40 a day, the couple visited 70 cities in 35 countries. the pair set themselves a goal of releasing one documentary each day for the year.
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay, south of perth. the musical toast was a tribute to her brother's father, who died of motor neuron disease 10 years ago. mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage and the burdens of marriage. the toast was also a celebration of their father, peter, who lost his battle with the disease.
militants reveal plans to open a nursing school in isis' de facto capital raqqa. laminated document lists language entry requirements for would-be nurses. must be 25 years of age, speak fluent english and be willing to work in any area under control. britain's nhs still hasn't introduced formal language checks for all nurses working under its control.
obama declares threat of cyber attacks by foreign agents a 'national emergency'    executive order will allow treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks on 'critical' american networks. he took aim at russia, china and iran as well as iran and china. announcement followed a series of high profile attacks, including sony pictures hack. some privacy activists questioned the broad language in the order and its unforeseen impacts.
john lennon's first wife cynthia died at her home in spain after a short battle with cancer. yoko ono led the tributes calling her a 'wonderful mother' with a'strong zest for life'   the second wife of the beatles singer said she was'very saddened' and 'proud' of how she and cynthia'stood firm in beatles family'  the couple married in 1962 after meeting at college and married just before beatlemania. but the couple divorced in 1968 after cynthia discovered her husband's relationship with yoko.   she later penned memoirs of her time with her famous husband, who eventually left
12-year-old bluey the cat has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder. she is currently in a rehoming centre in cambridge looking for a new owner. bluey's purr is louder than most cats can miaow and is four times louder than the average.
laura sumner, 24, has been ordered to leave russia within ten days after being branded a'spy' by russian media. history postgraduate was fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation. miss sumner was researching soviet rule under professor sarah badcock of nottingham university. pro-kremlin website branded her 'agent sumner' and linked her to a 'colour revolution' plot.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer. breast cancer screening was introduced in 1988 and upper age limit was extended to 70 in 2000. mps are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit.   more than half of the 12,000 woman who die from breast cancer every year are over 70.
study by kärcher reveals six in ten brits are too busy to clean their homes. one in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year and a quarter have never cleaned windows. top 'cleaning sins' include old mugs of tea and mouldy food left to fester. 25% only do housework if they have to.
anthony ray hinton spent nearly 30 years on death row but will be freed friday morning after prosecutors told a judge there is not enough evidence to link him to the 1985 murders. hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants. prosecutors linked hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his home. the u.s. supreme court last year sent hinton's case back for a potential new trial but experts couldn't match the bullets used at the crime scene.
'well you know, malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president recalled. the president said her health scare resulted in a single asthma-related trip to the emergency room but she now lives a full and an active life, inhaler free .
former white house florist ronn payne claims chelsea clinton referred to the secret service with an offensive counter-culture epithet as a young girl, and said she learned it from her parents. staff at the white house said bill and hillary clinton were 'the most paranoid people' in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 domestic staff members. staff members said hillary once threw a 'heavy' object across the room and 'clocked' the president with a book during the monica lewinsky scandal.
detlef guenzel chopped polish-born wojciech stempniewicz into pieces and buried them in his garden in 2013. he was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead. the 57-year-old dismembered his victim while listening to pop music in his underwear. the former police officer was sentenced to eight years and six months in prison.
prescott, arizona city attorney jon paladini claims the lone surviving hotshot, lookout brendan mcdonough, overheard an argument between crew supervisor eric marsh and his deputy over ordering the crew to leave a safe zone in june 2013. marsh and deputy jesse steed were arguing over the decision to move out of the safe zone. marsh ordered the team to leave the yarnell hill fire, which killed 19 firefighters in the worst disaster of its kind since 1933. the city's former fire division chief darrell willis says he was told the order came from marsh.
money will go to citizens advice to fund work helping those trying to cut energy bills. e.on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers after price rises. ofgem said penalty reflected firm's'repeated failings' on billing rules. energy giant was found to have incorrectly imposed exit fees and overcharged customers.
the massive bus broke down en route to the stagecoach depot in dover, kent. the driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand. around seven members of the public and bus company workers teamed up to move the heavy bus. the 12-tonne double decker bus weighs the same as two african elephants.
42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction, while 35 per cent disagreed with using technique. finding hidden in footnote to greenpeace press release shows greater backing for the shale gas industry than other recent polls. anti-fracking campaign group accused of trying to bury the inconvenient survey result.
the national defense reserve fleet was set up in the wake of the second world war in 1945 to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies. at its peak in 1950, the ndrf consisted of 2,277 ships, but only 122 remain. the fleet is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart and polluting bays. the worst affected is suisun bay, california, where less than 50 ships remain, polluting the environment.
hannah brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake. her mother couldn't get hold of the rspca so called the police to help. det con craig wallace, who keeps snakes, used a pillowcase to capture the reptile.
zayn malik has been accused of cheating on four occasions, the most recent was with model martina olsson. the footballer has been in a relationship with little mix singer perrie edwards since 2013. zayn and perrie have jetted off on a'make or break' holiday this week. the 22-year-old has been accused of cheating on his fiancee on several occasions. he has been compared to cheryl fernandez-versini and ashley cole.
us-based barrick gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us. one of the women was a 14-year-old schoolgirl who was raped by police patrolling mine in papua new guinea in 2010.
tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart. she reveals six behavioural traits to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break up with you. she says that some people don't grow up and are not in touch with themselves. tracey also gives advice on how to tell if he is a good person or a troublemaker.
autism assistance dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy' for children with autism. they are used to keep a child with autism safe and help develop social skills. april 2 is autism awareness day and autism assistance dogs can change the lives of many children. the dog can provide companionship for the child, as well as social and emotional support for the parent.
'pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become loch ness. the fossils were found in a 19th century collection at inverness museum and art gallery. they bear a'striking' similarity to depictions of the elusive creature. scientists discovered the fossils as part of research for the upcoming science festival. pterichthyoides milleri roamed earth's freshwater lakes between 542 and 251 million years ago.
the stray dog was hit by a car, clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch in washington state. the dog, a 1-year-old bully breed mix, was buried and buried in a field. theia was discovered at a nearby farm with a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity. she now needs surgery and is recovering at a local hospital.
research led by the university of montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements. performance remained the same after resting for several hours. levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were slightly higher after fast food was eaten as a recovery food.
the patent was filed by the california-based firm in march 2011 and awarded earlier this week. it details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera. if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically. apple's proposed system tracks the movement of the phone to determine whether it is being used. android lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as face unlock in the smart lock menu.
the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east, africa and elsewhere. those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the way of the cross procession were faithful from iraq, syria, nigeria, egypt and china. good friday commemorates jesus' death by crucifixion. earlier today pope francis attended the celebration of the lord's passion at st peter's basilica in vatican city. yesterday he washed and kissed the feet of a former miss italy contestant who was jailed for stealing credit cards.
9 sections of the great wall of china have been found along the inner coast of the yellow river in gansu province and the ningxia region. the stretch is thought to date back more than 2,000 years. experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch means the full range of the wall can be traced for the first time. china's first emperor ordered for the wall to be built along the river to stop invaders.
a small piece of glass was discovered in a beech nut-nutrition baby food jar by a consumer. the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product. the food safety and inspection service of the u.s. department of agriculture says no injuries have been reported. the baby food is sold in 4-ounce glass jars with december 2016 expiration dates.
luke shambrook, 11, was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park on good friday. a beanie believed to have belonged to the autistic boy was found on monday afternoon. police say a young boy matching luke's description was seen walking near the devils river on sunday. police remain hopeful the boy is still alive and are searching for him in the national park. luke was reported missing from his campsite in lake eildon national park at 9.30am on friday .
the mother who crashed a car into a lake near melbourne has been released from custody after being interviewed by police. akon guode was interviewed as part of the investigation into the deaths of three children. the children's mother, akorn manang, 35, was the mother of bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger. she was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 toyota kluger when it crashed into the lake at wyndham vale on wednesday. the father of the children has defended the mother saying she is innocent as she is a 'good mother'    the family of the young girl who survived the crash revealed her condition
luke lazarus was jailed for at least three years on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's soho nightclub in sydney. he is appealing his rape conviction. lazarus hired back a liquor licensing specialist law firm and contested the five-year maximum sentence.    waverley mayor sally betts wrote a reference for lazarus and is now developing a new risky behaviour education program for young women. she said she wrote the reference 'out of loyalty to the family' and supported lazarus.
labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party’s ‘union paymasters’ in a special election edition of ipse magazine. magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves. but while david cameron, nick clegg, nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all feature, there is no message from miliband.
danny eckhart was intoxicated when police say he took a police patrol boat for a joy ride and crashed it into a riverside bar and grill in st. tammany parish. no one was injured in the crash. he faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated. he was arrested and stripped of his commission.
mike holpin, 56, is engaged for the fourth time and still has an active online dating profile. he says he loves sex and won't use contraception - even though 16 of his children were taken into care. holpin is said to have cost taxpayers £4.3million in benefits and care costs. two of his sons have revealed they wish they'd never met him.
bae system's typhoon is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines and is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip. it is built on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon's gravitational pull. two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface to control the jet's positioning and accuracy. typhoon can take off in less than 8 seconds, achieve supersonic speeds and reach speeds equivalent to 30 african elephants.
scientists at the university of illinois found that children who ate a diet higher in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory. children performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete. eating fatty food for five days can change the body's metaboilsm for the worse. this is because it disrupts the way muscles break down sugar in the blood.
phil smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in hull but fell and hit his head. he fractured his skull and suffered bleed on the brain and blood clot in the fall. he was placed in medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary but died five days later. his parents have paid tribute to 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'
the owners in huddersfield, west yorkshire, began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn. neighbours have reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street. harron homes say they are 'committed to rectifying the issues'
marcello trebitsch, 37, was charged monday with running a $7million ponzi scheme. he is the son-in-law of disgraced new york state assembly speaker sheldon silver. silver was arrested in january on corruption charges for allegedly taking $4million in brides and kickbacks since 2000. according to the complaint, he lied to investors about stock losses and pocketed most of the money. silver's daughter michelle has not been charged in the scheme.
it was set as a maths problem, aimed at testing the logical reasoning skills of 14-year-olds in singapore. the question went viral after people across the world were left baffled by the puzzle. the test was set for the singapore and asian schools math olympiad. the problem has been shared thousands of times online as people try to solve it.
app is in development and will be trialled at a store in wandsworth later this year. it is an extension of sainsbury's current scan-and-go app, which lets customers scan items. as customers scan their items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices. the app is expected to be rolled out next year.
officer aaron stringer, of bakersfield, california, police department, allegedly pulled on the toes and yanked on the head of ramiro james villegas, 22, after he was shot dead by cops on november 13. he told a trainee officer he 'loves playing with dead bodies' and told her to lie about seeing the body.   stringer has been on paid administrative leave from department and is being investigated internally by police department.
leza davies, 33, from telford, shropshire, believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy. she decided to have a boob job to boost her confidence and saved up £4,000. was sorting out washing when she knocked her breast implant on a door frame. she found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous. she began six months of chemotherapy, followed by radiotherapy and surgery. was told her cancer treatment would leave her infertile and she was told she would not have children. she is now in remission and says her implants saved her life.
iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were visiting manhattan when they went missing on march 30. iona's stepson, george costello jr, 45, has a long criminal record and was jailed days after she disappeared. he is currently in jail in florida on apparently unrelated charges.    iona was 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages. her husband george died from a heart attack in 2012. they were found safe and well in new york city's upper west side on sunday morning.
amy wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit even though she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner. she was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed over two years. her grandfather, tommy docherty, now 86, was manager of manchester united from 1972 until 1977.
chinese engineering graduate cheng chen, 27, was inspired to make the body armour after watching the film with his younger brother. he spent six months researching and building the replica to the movie's measurements. the finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, gloves and backpack. cheng says he can't fit into it himself because he is 'too chubby' so he asked his nephew to model it for him.
frances clarkson, 53, spent the easter bank holiday weekend with family and friends in barbados. she has previously holidayed on the caribbean island with her estranged husband jeremy, 54. but the pair are said to have been living apart for years and have two daughters and a son. the bbc announced last month they were dropping her from top gear after a 'fracas' with top gear producer.
two black candidates were among three people elected to the ferguson city council. the election means half of the six-member city council in ferguson will now be african-american. it comes just over a month after the department of justice released a report on the culture of racism and abuse in the city. voter turnout increased substantially from the previous election. it was the first municipal election since officer darren wilson fatally shot michael brown, 18, on aug. 9.
a wallaby was grazing in a victorian national park when he was approached by a wombat. the wallaby 'punched' the wombat in a national park in southeast victoria. the native pair were filmed at the wilsons promontory national park. it's illegal to feed wildlife in the national park and could be fined.
sam barton has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like reality star joey essex. 22-year-old was egged on easter monday after leaving a pub in sutton coldfield, west midlands. he was attacked by a group of men who pelted him with eggs from a car. sam believes culprits tracked him down using his facebook posts and attacked him in the street. sam has spent £35,000 on his champagne lifestyle and is best friends with benefits street star white dee.
more than a dozen hot-air balloons filled the sky above stephanie scott's hometown canowindra on sunday morning. hundreds gathered to pay tribute to the much-loved teacher who was allegedly murdered on easter sunday. vincent stanford, 24, was charged with the murder of the 26-year-old teacher. her body was found in bushland six days before she was due to marry her fiance.
the phone belonged to bella crooke who lost it at a friend's birthday party on saturday night. officers from albury police station on the nsw-victoria border posted selfies on a woman's facebook page. the phone was handed in to the station on sunday morning. police officers on duty used it to post selfies and photos of the phone on the woman's page. bella was later reunited with her phone and officers recognised her from her facebook page .
ruth davison is director of policy and external affairs at the national housing federation. she is a labour party member and owner of a £1million house in islington, north london.   she has been leading the campaign to stop extension of 'right to buy' to housing association tenants.
the mother-to-be, whose name is injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother. injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally. she was born from the ovaries of a camel and is believed to be pregnant. it's 19 years since the world's first mammal, dolly the sheep, was born using genetic cloning.
hawaiian-born photographer dustin wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company. he was inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape. he hopes his images will inspire the viewer with awe at the wonders of the natural world and encourage people to protect the planet.
research by doctors from oxford university found babies' brains are more sensitive to pain than adults' brains. it overturns the medical consensus that very young babies do not feel pain and do not need painkillers. it means newborns often go without painkillers, even during invasive procedures. until now doctors have assumed that babies’ brains are not developed enough to feel pain.
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. with the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull. after more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps, boomer remains in the same position.
a study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of day for australian families. australians spend an average of 140 hours per year making breakfast for their children. aussie kids eat nut spreads 6.7 times a week. mum of two sophie falkiner says she has a'million and one' things to do in the mornings to get kids out the door.
boris johnson and george osborne have promised £30 million each for the bridge garden. local campaigners are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a judicial review. £60 million of public money has been pledged by boris and johnson for the project. the bridge increasingly seems to be losing support of environmentalists.
a third of parents said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their children to sleep, according to bt survey. eurythmics' there must be an angel came second, followed by vanilla ice's ice ice baby and frank sinatra's my way. one in five parents admit they change the lyrics in lullabies.
self-styled mirreyes (my kings) are the sons and daughters of members of mexican high society who post pictures of their wealth on social media. they are known to enjoy 'ostentatious spending, exhibitionism and narcissism' in a country where a majority of citizens live in poverty. they can be embarrassing but can also lead to political and legal advantages. the self-styles are often the sons of government officials and other members of high society.
st mary’s hospital in west london is the first choice of venue for the delivery of the royal baby. but two other hospitals in reading and norfolk are on standby in case the duchess leaves capital. royal berkshire and queen elizabeth hospital in king's lynn have been told to prepare. royal baby could be the first royal to be born outside london for 85 years.
the mystery of what appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock has perplexed scientists. russian researchers have dated the unusual'screw' to 300 million years old, leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a lost human civilisation or the work of aliens. but experts suggest that the ‘screw’ is in fact a fossilised sea creature called a crinoid. the screw-like shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature, which dissolved while the rock formed. the object measures an inch (2cm) long and was collected by a ufo and paranormal group.
nathan sellers went on divorce court with his ex, lia palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the wu-tang clan. palmquist said she partied with them at a hotel after a show. sellers said she slept with the rza, the gza, ghostface killah, u-god and method man. but palmquist denied that she did anything sexual with them. sellers wasn't buying it and told the judge:'she gave wu some tang'
dartmouth is the only ivy league college school in an early presidential primary state. just nine of 50 students surveyed said former secretary of state hillary clinton would make a good president. 22 of the 50 dartmouth students interviewed mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in benghazi as a black mark on clinton's record. clinton is in new hampshire this week for her first swing since declaring her candidacy.
man was born at luton and dunstable hospital in september 1989 but was readmitted three months later. doctors failed to administer a vitamin k injection to help the blood clot and prevent internal bleeding. he was left brain damaged and now requires 24-hour care for the rest of his life. the man was awarded £7.3 million compensation at london's high court.
robert durst, 71, pleaded not guilty to two state gun charges related to his arrest last month in louisiana. the charges would delay his extradition to california to face murder charges in the death of longtime friend susan berman, 55, who was shot in the head in december 2000. durst was charged with berman's murder last month. he was arrested in new orleans last month on the eve of the finale of a hbo documentary about his life.
a financial fund for killer cop michael slager was shut down by crowd-funding website, gofundme, on wednesday. slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father walter scott, 50, who was fatally shot five times in the back in charleston, south carolina on saturday. a separate fundraising page to raise money in support of officer slager had $393 of a $5,000 goal on indiegogo. company told daily mail online 'they don't judge' as long as content fits their terms of use. one of the donors listed their name as 'trayvon' - a twisted reference to unarmed black teen who was
the 58-year-old actress took a leave of absence from broadway play 'fish in the dark' earlier this month. her first test for cancer came back negative but she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion. she underwent a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery last week.
adapted chair by sii deutschland wins passenger comfort hardware award at crystal cabin awards in hamburg. the santo seat is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat. it makes use of space at the back of aircraft where the fuselage narrows. the chair beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the award.
stacey eden stood up for a muslim couple being abused on a sydney train on wednesday. a fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for the 23-year-old. ms eden's video of the incident has spread around the world. she stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing brisbane couple hafeez and khalida bhatti.
at least two other u.s. troops were wounded when an afghan soldier opened fire on a group of american troops in the eastern afghan city of jalalabad on wednesday. the incident happened after a meeting between afghan provincial leaders and a u.s. embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor. police chief for the eastern nangarhar province identified the afghan shooter as abdul azim.
ramon c. estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on sunday at utah state prison in draper, utah. he was scheduled to have dialysis on friday and saturday but a dialysis provider failed to show up.    six other inmates had been waiting for dialysis treatment and were taken to a hospital.
john t. booker jr, was detained in manhattan, kansas, on friday morning and charged with multiple terror offenses. 20-year-old charged with attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction at fort riley. he allegedly planned to attack the us military base with a 1,000lb car bomb and kill 'people with power'   imam omar hazim, who counseled the suspect, said that he was 'troubled' and had bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. but he had stopped taking his medication because he did not like the way it made him feel.
clinton's black conversion van'scooby' hit 73 mph in a 55 mph zone in claremont, new hampshire on monday. clinton's motorcade made stops at the homes of a number of influential democrats in the state. the presidential front-runner hosted a house party at the home of a former state senate president on m monday night. her security detail led journalists on two high-speed chases to homes of other prominent democrats.
chloe pearsall, 26, joanne fisher, 36, and barbara holcroft, 63, and nicole howley, 25, all abused residents at care home. told one woman she was going to be killed and told another she was living in a brothel . judge sean enright said he had to deal with his own'revulsion' at the acts of abuse at the care home in bretton, cambridgeshire. all four women were jailed along with their colleagues    a fifth carer at the bupa-run facility, benjamin appiah, was also charged with ill-treating a patient.
actor-director's possessions are going up for up sale at auction house bonhams after his death aged 90 last year. lots include unseen photographs, iconic props, scripts, posters and sketches. one of the most prized items is the cane used by john hammond in jurassic park.
final book written by sir terry pratchett, the shepherd's crown, will be released this september. will feature witch tiffany aching, a witch-in-training who has featured in four of his books. the book will be called the final discworld novel and will be set in the universe of discworld. it will feature the shepherd of the title, who could be a reference to the character's grandmother. the final book, written by the 66-year-old author, will go on sale in september, his publishers have said. he died last month at his home in wiltshire after suffering from alzheimer's.
europcar sent eight of the best instagram photographers on a three-day road trip to the isle of skye for a promotional campaign. the intrepid road trippers were sent by europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles of scotland's landscape.    the team posted their findings with the hashtag #movingskyewards and have a combined following of over one million users. as there is no train access to the area the team set off by car to explore the area.
horses attempted to jump a black peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in greencastle, county tyrone. dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after the event for cancer charity. one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider. a number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at event in northern ireland.
suit is expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer at auction in plymouth, devon. experts used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the overweight german air force commander. it was originally believed to be a replica of goering's uniform. the suit was made by a viennese tailor and was believed to have been liberated by the americans.
abdelkrim elmezayen, 8, and his 13-year-old brother were pulled dead from the water at the scene in san pedro, los angeles. their parents are in a stable condition in the hospital. the family of four had been driving out of a parking lot when the car veered off the edge of the harbor.
janet street-porter posted picture of herself on twitter with the caption ‘just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing’    she had no idea of the outrage her 'light-hearted comment' would provoke from nicola sturgeon's supporters. she was called ugly, vile, ‘someone who deserves to die’ and 'a traitor to her sex'   snp supporters combine commendable patriotism with a deep-seated distrust of the english.
four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses on sydney harbour party boat. two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year old are believed to have taken 'blue scissors' pills. the men collapsed on the bella vista boat and were rushed to st vincent's hospital. about 800 partygoers poured off the boat after the 'dirty funken beats' party on friday. police discovered cocaine, marijuana and mdma on the vessel.
luke shambrook, 11, was found alive after being missing for five days in the fraser national park. the autistic boy went missing from a victorian campsite in melbourne on friday. he was found 3km from where he first went missing in thick bushland on tuesday. luke was sitting alone on a hillside at the moment rescuers reached him from a police helicopter. he is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to hospital to undergo medical assessments.
three first-year students at rice university in houston created the single-use device to ease the pain of an injection. it numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin. the device is 3d printed and costs around $2 (£1.34) to produce. it could also be used to ease pain of ear piercings and tattooing.
tate britain chiefs believe chance discovery of a 1946 export permit will bolster their claim that constable's painting was legitimately brought to britains. 1824 oil painting beaching a boat, brighton was looted by the nazis from its jewish owner during the second world war. descendants of baron ferenc hatvany say the painting was stolen and smuggled out of hungary. the permit was found in the archives of budapest's museum of fine arts.
the hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof. officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to mayor bill de blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation. the cost of removing the asbestos will be about $250,000.
if you are looking to celebrate the balmy weather, there are lots of places to take a dip in the water. many pools are extending opening hours or organising late-night swimming sessions. lake windermere is the largest natural lake in the country and is 219 feet deep.
'chris' was shot in the leg and his son muhammad was injured in the attack near his home in khost, eastern afghanistan. father-of-two says he was 'abandoned' by the british government. he says it is one of several attempts to kill or kidnap him. but the 26-year-old does not qualify for immigration scheme because of his dates of service.
james bond would have died minutes into skyfall after being hit by a depleted uranium shell in the first seven minutes. a group of medical experts watched the 23rd outing of ian fleming's hero and concluded he would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film. bond's wounds would have 'turned his lungs inside out and killed him'    other movies to undergo medical assessment were die hard and castaway, but john mcclane's character would not have survived.
couple appeared not to mind being in full view during steamy encounter at the three bridges playing fields in crawley, west sussex. office workers at tower block which overlooks the park said the couple were semi-naked. it came on hottest day of the year so far as temperatures reached 25c in some parts of the uk. but forecasters predict a drop in temperatures today as a cold front moves down from the north of the country.
kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online. pictures show the women in three set poses in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing . they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters and viewers can vote for their favourites. sergeant aigerim karakuchukova is the front-runner so far with more than 1,100 votes.
clare van santen, 37, was diagnosed with breast cancer when she was pregnant with her fifth child. the mother-of-five was first diagnosed with the cancer in 2005, but it has since spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain. she has been told her cancer is terminal. the perth woman has a bucket list of things she wants to do with her children in the time she has left.
the quadruplet male cubs were born on january 25 and almost three months old at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of tokyo. it took two kitties at least three attempts to pull him out of the pool of water.
michelle schwab, 38, has been charged with child endangerment at cleveland metroparks zoo. she has three sons and a degree in therapeutic childcare. she faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine for dangling her two-year-old son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure. the child was rescued from the cheetah pit at 3pm on saturday. he was treated for a leg injury and was taken to the hospital. witnesses say she and her husband jumped into the pit to retrieve the child.
the salty dog 502 vehicle is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators on the x-47b program. it plugged its in-flight refuelling probe into the hose of an omega air kc-707 tanker off the coast of maryland. the drone is about the size of an f/a-18 super hornet.
john foran’s wife nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when he found the piece of timber. £2 ready meal was bought from iceland foods store in spytty retail park, south wales. iceland are carrying out an investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry.
pregnant charmain speirs's body was found face-down in a bath at a hotel in koforidua, ghana. pastor eric isaiah adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife, charmaine spears. his defence lawyer claimed ms speirs was a habitual heroin user and her family were addicted to the drug. but her brother said it was 'an outrageous lie' to say she was a drug addict.
the university of michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints. the movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer friday, but the university decided to cancel the screening over complaints that the film portrays muslims as villains. sophomore lamees mekkaoui started a petition saying the subject of the film was'mass killer' and 'a racist'   the school's head football coach jim harbaugh responded to the movie controversy by tweeting that his team would watch the film. the student center responded by replacing the film with a pg-rated children's movie about a stuffed bear.
google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to obama's two white house campaigns. the search giant's employees have been in the white house more than 230 times since obama took office. google spent $16.8 million on lobbying last year, four times the amount spent by apple. google's executive chairman eric schmidt sat at the head of the table when president obama dined with tech leaders in 2011.
j.b. silverthorn of orchard park, new york, got charged with a dui moments after being convicted for his first on monday. police say they repeatedly told him to not drive home from grand island town court after they noticed he'smelled of alcohol' and was 'intoxicated'   he was deemed guilty this week for driving over the limit and crashing his car into the niagara river on december 29.
aaron hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of odin lloyd on wednesday. the new england patriots tight end is starting his sentence at maximum-security prison mci cedar junction in walpole, massachusetts. he used to play tight end for the patriots and lived in a $1.3million mansion. he was booked at the prison just a mile and a half from gillette stadium, where he was arrested in june 2013. inmates at the 700-inmate prison manufacture license plates for 50 cents an hour - a far cry from the $40million he received from the team in 2012.
police have said that 24-year-old bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel, hit his wife palak bhadreskumar patel multiple times with an object and then fled. patrons called police sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the dunkin' donuts in hanover, maryland. anne arundel county police found a severely injured woman in the kitchen of the business. the woman died at the scene. patel has been charged with first-degree murder and is considered to be dangerous.
evita nicole sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in mexico in march. 29-year-old was on holiday with her boyfriend when she died. dr victor ramirez lost another patient the year before her death. dr ramirez operated onroseann falcon ornelas in 2014. her sister and mother flew to collect her body after an official autopsy. the clinic tried to convince her boyfriend to have her body cremated before an autopsy could be carried out. her body was returned to sydney on tuesday after being collected by her family.
ozzie the goose was close to being put down after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint. an animal lover's appeal for help led to a south african tech company creating a new leg for the goose. the 3d printed leg was designed in the shape and size of a goose leg to fit him perfectly.
the'very blokey joke book' by jake harris contains an offensive joke about domestic violence. the book was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department at river island. it contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends. shocked twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive'   river island has apologised and withdrawn the book from shelves and apologised to tweeters for the offence caused.
emilia clarke believes game of thrones has some of the most powerful female characters on television. the hbo drama has a huge death count with many of the male characters killed off on the loo. but the female characters have taken leading roles in series five of the fantasy drama. lena headey has hinted that cersei lannister may survive the final season.
tv presenter christine bleakley, 36, is engaged to footballer frank lamapard, 36. has been in a relationship with manchester city midfielder for five years. frank's two daughters isla, seven, and luna, nine, with model elen rivas. christine says building a close bond with frank's children has been a 'well-thought-out process' but says she has no current plans to have children of her own.
the 58-year-old actress - who is married to actor tom hanks - took to her twitter account on wednesday to thank her supporters. she announced on tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery. her first test for cancer came back negative but she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion.
18-month-old baby and three girls - aged three, six and eight - were trapped on sandbank at blackpool beach. but onlookers on nearby pier took out their smartphones to record the incident. two mothers held the baby and girls' heads above the rising tide until lifeboats reached them.
darius the rabbit measures 4ft 4in long and weighs three and a half stone and is the world's biggest rabbit. but his son jeff measures 3ft 8in and still has six months of growing to do. it costs owner annette edwards, 63, £5,000 a year to feed the giant rabbits.
virginia’s portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama's federal lunch rules. a concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. after the photo began circulating the web, the school's food service coordinator said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it's just bad lighting.
german police 'closely monitoring developments' in £60m gems heist at hatton garden safe deposit centre in london. scotland yard detectives want to find out if dna was recovered from scene of easter weekend raid. police are also investigating links to a similar raid on volksbank in berlin two years ago. thieves targeted 294 security vaults in a £8.3 million robbery at the bank in january 2013.
amit yadav, 20, was driving up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he crashed into an oncoming renault cleo. he was high on cannabis when he lost control of his car and crashed into the car. brothers haider and taimur kayani, both 17, were killed in the collision in august 2013. yadv was convicted of causing death by dangerous driving and jailed for six years at snaresbrook crown court.
the 'poison pen' letter claims jade ruthven, 33, is 'p*****g a lot of people off' on facebook. it was sent to an 'baby spamming' mother after she was fed up with her constant updates about her baby daughter. jade forwarded the letter to comedian em rusciano - who shared it worldwide. the anonymous author claims to be a friend of jade's and is'so over' of her facebook updates. the letter claims to show what 'people really think' about the mother.
gao yu, 71, 'illegally provided state secrets to foreigners'    gao was named one of the international press institute's 50 'world press heroes' in 2000. her lawyers claimed a 'confession' was made after police threatened her son, who was also detained. gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling communist party named 'document number 9' to a hong kong media outlet.
l laurent stefanini, 55, was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see. appointment was met 'with a stony silence' by the vatican, according to french media. mr stecanini was a practising catholic but his homosexuality would have 'triggered a barrage' against him. in july 2013, pope francis spoke out against centuries of anti-gay teaching by the church.
the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today, hauling passengers between pickering and whitby. the three-day spring steam gala will continue tomorrow and sunday and includes model railway layout displays at pickering station. it is the world's most popular heritage railway and carries 350,000 passengers every year.
the danish queen margrethe of denmark was celebrating her 75th birthday at fredensborg castle. joined on the balcony by her sons, crown prince frederik, 46, and prince joachim, 45. danish prime minister helle thorning-schmidt and princess benedikte were among the guests at the gala dinner and fireworks display.
the former illinois governor has return to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color. blagojevich is currently serving a 14-year sentence at the federal correctional institution englewood near denver. he was infamously caught trying to sell barack obama's u.s. senate seat in 2008.
nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at st george's school in ascot. was on a train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger. he was convicted of indecent exposure at berkshire magistrates' court. he has now been banned from teaching for at least five years following a disciplinary hearing.
children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button. system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys. idaho firm behind the system has already installed system in 10 animals shelters across the us. patients at wolfson children's hospital are able to remotely play with animals at jacksonville humane society shelter.
the us body that regulates internet addresses is looking to crack down on a canadian company using the new '.sucks' domain name. vox populi registry ltd. has charged $2,499 a year to register a domain name for the domain. icann sent a letter to the u.s. federal trade commission and canada's consumer affairs to see if the company's actions are illegal. kevin spacey is reportedly among celebrities paying out to have their name removed from one of the domains. taylor swift has also had to spend defensively to remove her name from 'porn' and 'adult' domains.
protest letters were delivered to members of spain's royal language academy, which produces the definitive dictionary. gypsy secretariat foundation hopes to use campaign to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies. reference to a swindler was introduced late last year following complaints. academy said definitions reflect actual use and are not derogatory.
robert bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot eric harris on april 2. sheriff stanley glanz told a press conference on monday that the fbi had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting. bates has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of harris and faces four years in prison if convicted.
paleontologists found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile daspletosaurus, a relative of tyrannosaurus rex. scientists believe another tyrannosaur fed on the body of the dinosaur 75 million years ago. some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs. the skull was found in a quarry in alberta, canada, covered in bite marks.
len barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition clostridium difficile. the 75-year-old from stockton was diagnosed with severe bowel infection. his daughter debbie, 52, donated her stools to be used as a donor for the transplant. mr barnes was cured of the illness after undergoing the procedure at hospital of north tees.
john travolta said he never intends to watch the documentary going clear: scientology, hollywood & the prison of belief. he has been a member of the church for 40 years and says his personal experience has been nothing but positive. he said the film is a showcase for ex-members who are 'disgruntled with their experiences' with the church. tom cruise is the only celebrity to be discussed more in the documentary.
two masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the pittsburgh area so far this year. police believe that the two men may have police or military training because of the way they handle their guns. the men have threatened to kidnap bank employees and shoot police if engaged. the fbi has described the men as 'armed and extremely dangerous'
jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week. most of them claimed to be linked to isis militants or supporters of the terror group. twitter's 'violations department' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts in a single 24-hour period. social network confirmed its purge was prompted because they were being used to issue threats of violence.
rachelle friedman chapman was paralyzed from the neck down after she fell into a pool at her bachelorette party and broke her neck. she and her husband chris are expecting their first child. rachelle can carry children but her blood pressure is too low to conceive and carry a child. a friend from college, laurel humes, offered to be their surrogate. the baby girl will be born on april 18.
lowy institute report cites the abbott government's 'troubled relations' with the muslim community as undermining efforts at countering violent extremism. the report says the large number of australians fighting in syria and iraq represents a'serious national security threat'   the report comes just a day after the death of melbourne model-turned-jihadist sharky jama.
levi jarrett millspaugh was born at memorial university medical center in savannah at 2:38 a.m. wednesday. the donation, made by path2college 529 plan, is given to the first child born each year on tax day at memorial. a baby in atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw.
jeffrey walker told jurors that the philadelphia police department drug squad targeted 'white 'college-boy... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate'   he stole drug money, planted evidence and lied on police paperwork too many times to count. walker, 46, said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good.
mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (mbct) teaches people to focus on the present moment. has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants and could be offered as an alternative to drugs. relapse rates were 44 per cent in the mbct group compared to 47 per cent for medication.
a guard at the u.s. census bureau headquarters in suitland, maryland, d.c. was shot in the abdomen and later died. authorities locked down the campus amid reports the shooter had barricaded himself inside the building. the guard was shot after noticing a couple fighting in a car and went to investigate. the suspect was shot by police after leading officers on a wild chase back into d. c. after kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint. police believe the suspect may be tied to another shooting in washington.
a man in a cartoon mask robbed a christchurch dairy and demanded cash from owner's daughter on saturday. he made off with the till and about $1500 in cash. police are appealing to the public to help identify the offender. the man is described as being'very tall' and wearing a 'distinctive' cartoon mask.
four out of ten british muslims partly blame mi5 and the police for radicalising young jihadis. eight per cent said they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of jihadi john. one in four of 1,001 muslim's polled had some sympathy with those who join isis. 44 per cent of muslims said they were more suspicious of non-muslims and the government.
robert bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of eric harris, 44, on april 2. he said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot the man. he appeared on the today show on friday and apologized to the family of the man he shot. he also showed where he keeps his gun compared to where he kept his taser.
hop theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and spices. claims to turn lager into craft beer in just two minutes of steeping. project has been criticised by professional breweries as misleading about 'craft beer'   the company is nearing its crowd-funding target to produce its first blend.
kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, claimed in a prison interview that he killed his former work-study supervisor ron lane, 44, because lane had made sexual advances to his 16-year-old brother. lane was shot dead earlier this week at a community college in north carolina. he claimed to have killed three other people - but police said there are no reports of unsolved homicides. he is awaiting extradition from florida to carolina to face murder charges.
marcel hirscher became the first male skier to win the overall world cup title four times in a row. he teamed up with the red bull media house and starelation to create the rainbow run. the video involved 11 cameras, a slope and three days to set up.   the video was created in one take using biodegradable powder packed into the poles of the talented skier.
weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting ambra battilana, 22, during a business meeting at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday. but police overheard a phone call in which she confronted him and he said 'it won't happen again'    weinstein's wife georgina chapman, 38, was pictured for the first time outside their home in new york city looking downcast and carrying their four-year-old daughter india. he voluntarily spoke with police and is cooperating with their investigation.
lexy wood, the 13-year-old daughter of kyesha smith wood, told rebecca boyd that she is 'embarrassed' by her behavior at a cinderella movie. her mother called out her children on facebook after she found out they were rude to a mother. mrs wood posted a message on facebook to find the mother and apologize to her and pay for her next movie trip out of her children's allowance. the post was shared by thousands of people, prompting mrs boyd to write her a message.    boyd said that her husband had just been laid off and that her daughter and step-sister were 'rude and
damon muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating since he was diagnosed with juvenile dermatomyositis in november. he has a rare autoimmune disease that can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug. damon has been rushed to hospital once after his neck started swelling so much it almost closed his throat. the disease has robbed damon of the ability to run, ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun due to side effects of his medication .
warren rodwell was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days by terror group abu sayyaf. he was released in march 2013 after his family managed to raise a ransom. mr rodwell fears the federal government will not award him victims of terror overseas compensation. under australian law, the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation. prime minister tony abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event.
caretakers of abraham lincoln's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in national geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site. illinois gov. bruce rauner has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages the tomb as it currently exists. the tomb was pilloried in this month's issue of the magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby'    on tuesday — the 150th anniversary of john wilkes booth's shooting of lincoln, although the president was pronounced dead the following day .
ajelica 'aj' hadsell, 18, has been missing since march 2, when she was on a break from longwood university in farmville, virginia. her stepdad wesley hadsell was arrested for breaking into a home; he says he was looking for her. on thursday, police found human remains 40 miles from her home in franklin, norfolk. the remains have been sent to the medical examiner's office for identification.
bbc political editor nick robinson returned to the news to analyse the labour's party's manifesto. his voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment for a rare lung tumour. he announced at the start of march he would be taking weeks off for treatment. mr robinson said his voice was still recovering and he was 'not risking his recovery'
al qaeda-linked networks have altered their tactics since the leaks by edward snowden. extremist websites have moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes. think-tank henry jackson society says at least three terror groups have altered communications. other groups are using human couriers instead of email and mobile phones.    the report was compiled in the first comprehensive analysis of 1.7million classified documents.
lacey spears of scottsville, kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son garnett-paul spears at a new york hospital. she was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20 years in prison. the boy's father chris hill lashed out at his ex and the mother on facebook this week expressing his hope that she would die in prison .
hanan, 19, was snatched from her family and taken to a warehouse in mosul, iraq. she and other yazidi girls were dragged away by their hair and raped by isis militants. hanan was one of more than 200 women and children to be released by militants last week. she told how girls as young as ten were dragged from their families and raped.
researchers found spores of several mushroom species in the hardened plaque on the teeth of the red lady of el mirón. she was buried 18,700 years ago in an elaborate grave in a cave in cantabria, spain. her body was found covered in sparkling red paint and covered in a tombstone. her remains were uncovered in 2010 during excavations of the cave. researchers at the max planck institute found her teeth bore the remains of plant pollen, fungi and animals. they found microscopic evidence she ate sponge capped, bolete and gilled mushrooms. the study is the oldest evidence yet that mushrooms were eaten by early humans.
xiao zhengti, five, was born with a congenital liver disease meaning he needed a transplant at nine months old. mother donated part of her liver but his body rejected it and he spent four years in hospital. yesterday father xiao kunqing donated 40 per cent of his liver to save his son's life. the operation is believed to be the first in china where two parents donated the same organ to save a child.
there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year. three people were killed in australia and south africa. only a minority of sharks are a danger to humans, according to the international shark attack file. there are a number of simple precautions that can be taken to avoid a shark attack. always swim in a group and stay alert to your surroundings. don't swim with shark food.
james ritchie was forced to resign from his role as women's officer at the tasmanian university union. public pressure and an online petition demanded he step down from the position. mr ritchie had been voted into the job with a clear majority over a female candidate. the university's student union has now introduced a requirement that candidates identify as female.
alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an mri scan at the animal health trust clinic in newmarket, suffolk. 12-year-old king charles spaniel suffered three degree burns after vets warmed up a heat pad in a microwave. owner lynne edwards only realised something was wrong when he started to refuse food and found puss oozing from his back. alfie is now on medication while his wounds heal but could face surgery to remove some of the skin.
mike lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes in everleigh, wiltshire. he is joint master of the tedworth hunt and was kicked in the head by saboteurs. police dropped an investigation into the attack just three months after it took place. video of the incident and dossier of evidence was given to police after the attack. mike lane condemned the decision as 'pathetic' and said police could have done more.
capybara joejoe who lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy, has almost 60,000 followers on instagram. the capybara has near 5,000 facebook likes and 1,000 twitter followers. the rodent has a twitter account and a facebook page.
the shire of montana guest house is inspired by jrr tolkien's fantasy books and is located in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state. at 1,000 square feet, the underground home has a hobbit home, fairy doors and troll house. it costs $300 (£200) a night for two guests to stay at the home, which is underground and has no mobile phone service.
up to 2500 passengers on board the cruise ship carnival spirit are stranded outside sydney harbour due to the wild seas. the ship was due to dock at 7:15 this morning but was prevented from docking because of the heavy seas . the cruise liner has suffered damage and is currently stranded outside of sydneys harbour. the huge waves of up to nine metres have been battering the ship for the past 24 hours. the passengers are at the mercy of the wild weather conditions as storms batter the east coast.
the retired midnight oil lead singer, former politician and passionate environmental activist peter garrett is listing his three bedroom victorian terrace in randwick in sydney’s affluent eastern suburbs. the 62-year-old has lived at the home for almost five years with his wife dora and three daughters. the property was bought by garrett for $932,500 in 2010 while he was the minister for environment protection, heritage and the arts. he is hoping the property will be auctioned off for at least $1.05 million.
social services minister scott morrison is set to announce reforms to strip parents of welfare benefits if they don't vaccinate their children. the changes will scrap a provision that allows parents who don't claim benefits to claim childcare benefits. currently around 39,000 australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated. the reforms come amid rising concerns about whooping cough outbreaks.
iona costello, 51, and daughter emily, 14, were visiting manhattan when they went missing last month. iona's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack and she was 'under a lot of stress'    iona was in the midst of a battle over the will of her husband, george costello sr., 63, who died from a. heart attack in 2012. her stepson has a long criminal record and was jailed just days after she disappeared.
jack jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend laura cant last christmas from his hospital bed. he was suffering from leukaemia and had hoped to undergo a bone marrow transplant. but was told last week that he was too ill for the operation and has just weeks to live. the couple are to marry tomorrow in torbay hospital's chapel after moving the wedding forward.
the first contestant to press the buzzer was tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'what is the age of consent?' host alex trebek asked: 'in common law'    the correct answer is of course: 'what is puberty?'   viewers watching at home couldn't contain their horror at what tom's answer appeared to imply.
warner bros and dc entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as dc comics superheroes within 24 hours. the april 18 event kicked off in queensland, australia, and ended in los angeles, california. venues in 15 cities in the us, uk, france, spain, mexico and the philippines participated. the current record is 1,580 and it was set in 2010.
elijah cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right. his parents, ahavah and jason cook, were expecting hearing problems after both their mothers and fathers were deaf. elijah was fitted with hearing aids last month and was able to properly hear his mother's voice for the first time.
new book by former education journalist david turner, the old boys, was inspired by david cameron's comparison to flashman in tom brown's school days. mr turner says in the modern era the public schools do more good than harm. there were a series of full-scale rebellions at the country's public schools from the 18th century.
mary kay letourneau and vili fualaau's 17-year-old daughter, audrey, was born while her mother was out on probation for having an affair with her former student, vili, when he was 12. the couple's 10-year wedding anniversary comes on the eve of the interview with barbara walters, which will air on 20/20 on friday. letourneu and her two daughters, georgia, 16, and audrey are now both teenagers. the former seattle teacher pleaded guilty to child rape for starting a relationship with her sixth-grade student at age 12 and falling pregnant with his child. after she served seven years
pumpkins from sydney royal easter show were served to the asian elephants at taronga zoo on friday morning. the giant pumpkin was the biggest pumpkin ever seen at the show. it weighed a record-breaking 728kg. the pumpkins were presented to the elephants at the popular zoo. keepers said it was a 'challenging treat' for the elephants.
frederick's of hollywood has closed all of its 94 brick-and-mortar locations in los angeles. the lingerie brand has been struggling to keep up with victoria's secret. founder frederick mellinger opened the pinup-inspired company's first store in 1947. two years ago the struggling brand was purchased by a consortium.
xue feng returned to his family in houston, texas, on friday following his release from beijing's no. 2 prison. the 50-year-old doctor served all but ten months of his eight year sentence for 'illegally procuring state secrets'   he was the only american citizen serving a sentence in a chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security.
matthew hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in manchester's fashionable northern quarter district and hid. he has been banned from the area nearby for five years after admitting two attempted burglaries and one burglary. hall has 45 offences on his record for dishonesty, violence and breaches.
alex perry won't be presenting at mercedes-benz fashion week australia this year. this is only the second time in 20 years the designer has missed out on presenting a collection. perry says he is 'taking a breather' and is focusing on his international projects. the designer is a judge on australian's next top model and plans to work on more tv projects.
sarah wilson, 41, opened up in a candid interview about her battle with mental illness. she revealed anxiety drove her to believe her life wasn't worth living.   one in three australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime. ms wilson said anxiety is quickly becoming the 'new depression'
jay kantaria, 38, from harrow, north-west london, had been looking forward to his daughter’s birthday party. he died instantly of ‘a severe traumatic brain injury’ at sudbury hill station last october. but coroner recorded an open verdict on the cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to his intention.
sarah ivens wanted to get pregnant at the age of 34. she and husband russell have two children william, one, and matilda. after years of heartbreak, she decided to have an abortion to save her fertility. but her baby was born with chromosomal abnormalities and died at 13 weeks. she is now a proud mother-of-two and shares her fertility story with the world.
the inflatable, nicknamed ba di doll, has appeared at wanda plaza commercial complex in eastern china's nanjing city. cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex. the doll is a whopping 30 metres long, seven metres tall and six metres wide. it features a ball pit, slide and climbing area and can be accessed via the doll's right foot.
the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients. it is not recognised by the us food and drug administration as a medicine. the drug can slow the growth of cancer cells from one of the most serious types of brain tumours.
kenneth morgan stancil, 20, made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro, north carolina after being extradited from florida. he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing. he was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on tuesday. at the hearing on thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss. when the judge reminded him that he could get the death penalty, he swore at the judge and flipped over a table before being removed from the courtroom.
marc wabafiyebazu, 15, and his brother jean, 17, are the sons of canadian diplomat roxanne dube, canada's consul general in miami. jean was shot dead on march 30 after a drugs raid went wrong and his older brother marc was charged with his murder. the younger boy has told investigators that the boys drove around canada raiding homes and buying drugs. both boys attended top private schools and had a'reputation for drug abuse' but marc insists he was the 'perfect child'
david etzel, 36, of palm beach county, florida, is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound shih tzu named cujo and beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket. he weighs 385 pounds and stands 6-foot-8. the dog's owner michele etzel said her son had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting it to bite him. etzel then bit the dog back.
the supreme court chief justice john roberts reported for jury duty in rockville, maryland on wednesday. the 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and was not selected. he answered questions about his sister in indiana who is a nurse and his brother-in-law who works with the indiana police.
the annual photography competition was held at the northern territory cattlemen's association's conference. the competition was designed to illustrate the outback lifestyle and people and landscapes of the region. locals describe the competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer. run in conjunction with an annual cattlemen’s conference, the photography competition is designed to show off the best of rural australia.
rilie carey learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom, jessica. but as the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases, she breaks down in tears. rilie learnt the nursery rhyme at preschool in salem, oregon. video has already received more than 2.9million views on facebook.
new jersey governor chris christie said,'marijuana is a gateway drug' and claimed america has an 'enormous addiction problem'    'we need to send very clear leadership from the white house on down through the federal law enforcement'   rubio said he believes in states' rights - but laws created by the federal government supersede those of the states.   rubio is the youngest major presidential candidate this election season.
ashley pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, went on a date with edward primo bonilla, 30, on april 3 after they met online. he told her he had kicked her out of his car when she got too drunk. she was reported missing the next day and her sister found messages from a man claiming to be bonilla. he has been charged with obstructing justice. pegram is a mother of three children, aged 13, 8 and 9.
disgruntled flyers and flight attendants from around the globe have taken to social media to share photos of passengers' annoying habits. the images were posted on former flight attendant shawn kathleen's instagram account passenger shaming. the photos show a plastic bag filled with urine and a bulldog in a security vest.
haley fox, 24, of oregon, fractured 26-year-old samuel campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday. fox and campbell had been in a relationship for two years after meeting online. fox told police she didn't want to date him anymore. she has been charged with first-degree assault.
christine lillico, 47, was supposed to look after her elderly parents' bank accounts as their health deteriorated. but she stole almost £80,000 from john and audrey air over a six year period. mother-of-two was jailed for 20 months after being found guilty of fraud at newcastle crown court. left her father in debt and too poor to afford a telephone and basic amenities.
the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she was sitting in her car. her hairdresser noticed she had minor burns on her scalp and noticed her vision was blurred. days later, a scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina. she underwent surgery to repair the hole and was left partially blind for two months.
kevin carr, 34, from woolacombe, devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years. he crossed 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes to complete the challenge. mr carr set off from dartmoor in july 2013 and returned after 621 days, beating the previous record by a day. he is the first man to run around the world unsupported and pushed his equipment in a buggy.
ashton wood will read out a 'not sorry' apology to jeep after the car company requested he apologise for criticising them. he launched an online campaign to help him destroy his $49,000 jeep. jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace it. mr wood raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car last year. he will read the apology out on national television tonight. he is now campaigning for the united states' lemon laws to be introduced in australia.
lawrence phillips is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in san diego. damion soward, 37, was found dead in his cell at kern valley state prison in central california. prison officials suspect a second inmate at the prison of killing his cellmate.
joelison fernandes da silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child and his height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying. he refused to leave the family house for 'half his life'   he married evem medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online. the former gold miner has come to be known as 'the gentle giant'
andrew 'drew' butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez from the passenger seat in san jose, california. he dragged her body from the car and left it on the road in front of her two-year-old son and teenage daughter. police said butler and butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off.
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane on saturday. local shops and shop owners are decorating their shop fronts to reflect the big day. many have sent gifts to the couple and well-wishers are lining the streets with bunting. andy, 27, and his bride-to-be will tie the knot at dun blane cathedral.
sam griner is now eight years old and his mother, laney, set up a gofundme page to raise funds for his father, justin, 39, who needs a kidney transplant. justin discovered his kidneys were failing before sam was born and he now spends four hours a day, three days a week on dialysis. sammy is better known as the face of the internet's most positive meme. his mother snapped a photo of him on the beach when he was 11 months and his face has since been used in a variety of memes and t-shirts.
hilary wilson, 41, had a cardiac arrest during a caesarean section and 'died' for 11 minutes. woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant or having her baby. she was technically dead after suffering a severe cardiac arrest as her son felix was being born. was given just a 30 per cent chance of survival and 85 per cent of brain damage. only realised she had a son when she saw a picture of felix wearing a baby grow she had given birth to.
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on saturday inside a jail in dhaka. assistant secretary general of the jamaat-e-islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the pakistani army in the 1971 independence war. he was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers. execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency. the country’s supreme court rejected his final appeal against the death sentence.
aaron davis, 31, head chef at the kitchen, fatally struck by jason lanard mitchell, 25, on saturday around 2am in st petersburg, florida. his wife ana granucci davis gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday. mr davis was walking to a parking garage when he was struck by mitchell and his co-worker, brian lee lafrance, 28, in his rented dodge charger. police tried to stop the car but mitchell sped off through a red light and fled the scene. mitchell faces several charges including vehicular homicide and manslaughter.
amy murray, 23, of brightlingsea, essex, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of fifty shades of grey. people in row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at her for laughing at the sex scenes. an argument broke out and murray hit jessica deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand. police were called to century cinema in clacton-on-sea and she was led from the cinema in handcuffs. murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly at colchester magistrates.
billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear's home in mcintyre, georgia, where mama june's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom. billy hasn't been seen since april 11 and isn't returning phone calls or texts.   billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children. lee 'uncle poodle' thompsons claimed in december that june had enjoyed a 'threesome' with sugar bear and his older brother billy.
tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a user's instagram feed - and allow users to add more. firm has overhauled its profile to show more interests and friends of friends as well as mutual friends. tinder is testing out different price points for 'tinder plus' - a premium service.
marianne power has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month. this month she attended anthony robbins’ unleash the power within seminar. robbans charges $1 million to coach private clients and is the 'king' of the self-improvement world.
after running 150 chemical tests, dr arye shimron says he has linked the james ossuary to the long disputed ‘jesus family tomb’ in the city’s east talpiot neighbourhood. some believe the 1st-century chalk box holds the bones of jesus’ brother. the tomb was discovered in 1980 and dates back to the second temple period and the time of the king. the research could have ramifications as it suggests jesu was married and fathered a child.
six men accused of exploding a car bomb 'which killed innocent people' in syrian city of al-mayadin. islamic state claims the men are soldiers of syrian president bashar al-assad's regime. the men were publicly beheaded in front of a large crowd of men and young boys in a propaganda video. it was retaliation for the car bomb they allegedly exploded in the city, killing children and civilians.
secret ukip-commissioned poll shows farage has fallen behind his tory opponent in the kent seat he is contesting. if poll is accurate, it could end farage’s political career as he has vowed to resign as leader if he fails to win. comres poll was commissioned last month by former tory arron banks. farage was 'alarmed' by poll and gave orders for findings to be hushed up. ukips spokesman has now admitted it buried the survey, calling it a 'rogue poll'
model contains more than 30,000 figures and illustrates all the key moments of the battle. it was built in the 1970s but fell into disrepair and is on display at the royal green jackets museum in winchester. the 25sq/m diorama has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses. but only a third of the true number of british troops took part in the battle is depicted.
austin carey, 23, and jay rawe, 25, were base jumping off pennine bridge in idaho when their parachutes tangled. both men were left with broken vertebrae and were told they may never walk again. mr carey was told he may not walk again after the 500ft fall from the riverbank. but a year on both have returned to base jumping and even retraced their steps to jump from the bridge.
property in north west london was one of five properties bought by property developer during 14-year marriage. couple married in london mosque in 1979 and divorced twice, once in 2002 and again in 2013. after their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse and claimed right to live there. the man, a property developer, tried to evict her and force sale of the property. but she won a legal battle at the high court based on a victorian law and was allowed to keep the home. the husband is said to be worth £600m and lives in a £26m mansion in saudi arabia.
sarah foot says her love of open water began on hampstead heath after a swimming pool closed down. she has taken to swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk, and says it is her favourite place to swim. she says she loves to swim in the water, and is not one of those who swim in a'slinging' crawl.
front row guests at toni maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia were given a personalised lenovo tablet. each guest was given a $899 tablet with their goodie bag. jessica mauboy, nick smith and lindy klim were among those who had tablets stolen from their seats.
news corp australia ceo julian clarke was peppered with questions from greens senator and party leader christine milne. she questioned why the company runs a national newspaper at a multi-million dollar loss. mr clarke fired back: 'you're a minority' during a tumultuous day of proceedings at a corporate tax inquiry in sydney. the australian arms of tech giants google, apple and microsoft are being audited by the tax office.
scientists at ucla in california examined the brains of 90 women taking the oral contraceptive pill. found two key regions of the brain were thinner in those taking the pill. could be responsible for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women. synthetic hormones found in the pill suppress natural hormones, changing brain structure.
walmart was ranked the second worst supermarket in consumer reports' annual supermarket survey. the retailer came in at number 67 followed by chain waldbaum's, which was in last place. wegmans was rated america's favorite supermarket followed by publix, trader joe's and fareway stores.
hassan munshi and talha asmal, 17, are believed to have traveled to syria to join isis militants. boys from dewsbury, west yorkshire, believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi. hassan is supposedly related to the 15-year-old who was arrested by police in 2006. both families are 'in a state of profound shock' and deeply worried about the safety of their 'ordinary yorkshire lads'   boys told relatives they were going on a school trip but police fear they have crossed into syria from turkey after heading to turkey on march 31.
alabama-born mom-of-two elisha wilson beach, is pictured breastfeeding her daughter in the image. originally posted on instagram and shared on facebook page of life of dad. the picture has been shared more than 25,000 times and has divided the internet. many have criticized the mother for her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking. she is the wife of tv actor michael beach, known for his roles in er and er.
silvia suffered from pica, an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. she wanted to eat rocks during her third pregnancy. silvia is star of the series my extraordinary pregnancy. she had stomach pains from eating rocks and was worried about the baby's health.
martynas kupstys, 26, spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from lincoln prison after staff told him he was free to go. he was mistakenly let of jail for the murder of ivans zdanovics at lincoln crown court. the killer posted a video of himself brandishing a large meat cleaver on his facebook page. k upstys was jailed for life for murder of the man and his brother-in-law andrus giedraitis.
for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday, april 28. starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the 'the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores' the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice.
shallow 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern taiwan on monday morning. warning for a tsunami as big as one metre was issued for islands in southern okinawa chain. pacific tsunami warning centre says there is no tsunami threat from the quake. no damage has been reported in the capital taipei.
iraqi officials said izzat ibrahim al-douri died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province on friday. his body was returned to the ministry of health in baghdad and delivered in a glass coffin.    he was deputy to saddam when he was deposed following the us-led invasion of iraq in 2003. was ranked sixth on the us military's list of the 55 most-wanted iraqis and had a $10m bounty on his head. he was the king of clubs in the famous pack of cards the us issued of wanted members of saddam's regime.
margaret tyler, 71, has been collecting royal-themed items for more than 40 years. her collection is worth £10,000 and fills four rooms of her terraced home. she has amassed 10,000 items and has no plans to stop collecting. mrs tyler has met several members of the royal family including the queen and prince charles.
since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues after having been prescribed lariam. retired major general alastair duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit after being given the drug. mod has ignored appeals to stop prescribing the drug which has been banned by the u.s. military.
group of 15 muslim men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' after fight broke out on boat carrying 105 migrants from libya. men 'threw to their deaths after threatening to kill nigerians and ghanaians'   police say victims 'professed the christian faith while the aggressors were muslims'
christy mack, 23, was allegedly beaten by jonathan paul koppenhaver, 33, at her las vegas home on august 8, 2014. she was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth and a fractured rib. now she has to wear a wig and glasses and is fighting to see him convicted of attempted murder. mack claims he became abusive four months into their one-year relationship. he has maintained his innocence and says he was also beaten by another man.
stephanie scott's funeral will be held at leeton high school's eat your greens function centre on wednesday. her sister kim asked everyone to'show your support' for her sister at her funeral. the beloved teacher's body was found in a national park on april 10. vincent stanford, 24, has been charged with stephanie's murder. the 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace. her funeral will take place at the venue intended for her wedding which was due to take place six days later.
the swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker is best for dinner parties. mandy francis tried out the best ice cream makers on the high street. she and her children stanley, 13, and florence, eight, tried out a selection.
william has created a secluded retreat for kate and prince george at anmer hall, in north norfolk. duchess of cambridge is known to be a regular visitor to snettisham farm park. the couple are turning their new country bolt hole into a fortress home for their new arrival.
the crew of the admiral kuznetsov, russia's largest warship, have built a giant leaf-blower to clean the decks. sailors on board the aircraft carrier have attached an old jet engine to the front of a tractor. crew members use the machine to sweep the deck of the 14,700sqft deck, and blow debris overboard. debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines and damage planes.
rock deposits from ancient rivers in colombia found to show land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier than previously thought. most experts placed its formation at about 3 million years ago. the two continents are linked at panama, but there has been a debate about when it first appeared.
scottish national party has extended its lead over labour in detailed constituency surveys. jim murphy, its scottish leader, and douglas alexander could lose their seats. labour could lose all 41 seats it won in 2010. the nationalists are also on course to wipe out liberal democrats in scotland.
brian and joan ogden, from wigan, had been out to eat at the hotel don pancho in benidorm when they were robbed. pickpockets stole a wallet from brian, 80, and his wife joan, 78, as they returned to their hotel. the elderly couple confronted the duo and got the wallet back from one of the thieves.
deborah, 43, from lanarkshire, has frizzy hair that is a 'frizz nightmare'    the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment promises frizz-free hair for up to four months. john frieda's forever smooth anti-frizzy primer and dove's oil restorative treatment are great at home.
scientists at rockefeller university in new york believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an hiv vaccine. clinical trials revealed the treatment resulted in a 300-fold decrease in the amount of hiv virus in a patient's blood. the research could lead to a new vaccine to prevent hiv infection.
cruz implied during a conversation with daily mail online on saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug. the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his gop competitors - marcoio, christie and chris graham. cruz is personally against the legalization of marijuana but he believes states have the right to put decriminalization laws on the books if they want - even though they conflict with federal law.
roman abramovich has bought tel aviv’s varsano hotel for £17.1million. the chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his israeli home. the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square metres. the russian tycoon is worth more than $9billion and frequently visits israel on business. he has been trying to buy a home in the neve tzedek quarter oftel aviv since 2008.
clydesdale and yorkshire staff deliberately obstructed investigation into payment protection insurance complaints. fca investigation found'serious failings' in the way the bank handled complaints. rogue staff misled the financial ombudsman and tampered with evidence. there are calls for criminal charges to be brought over two-year cover-up.
detective from the department said officers used a device called hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna. police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people. detective said department is under orders by the us government to withhold evidence from criminal trials. case resembles parts of the plot of the wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
vlad tarasov couldn't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at boston's largest snow farm located in the city's seaport district. nearly 65 inches of snow fell in february alone. boston received 108.6 inches of. snow - about 9 feet - during this last winter. the city had to pay volunteers $30 an hour to help dig out the city.
deputy prime minister said there was a'very real danger' ukip and dup could hold mr cameron to 'ransom' in event of a second hung parliament. mr clegg's remarks come after mr farage held out olive branch to the prime minister last night. he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible labour government. lib dem leader called on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats they cannot win.
new york mayor bill de blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where hillary clinton plans to go with her presidential campaign before giving up an endorsement. as campaign manager for clinton's successful 2000 senate run, he said it is important for her to define her campaign message. he also said he wants  to see her vision for addressing income inequality. he said income inequality in the u.s. is 'out of control'
chinese team attempted to break world record for longest kite at kite flying festival in chongqing, china. dragon-themed kite is made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs 200 kilograms. but aviation authorities ruled it could not be flown and only half of it flew.
pleasaunce cottage in dormans park near east grinstead is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country. built in 1880s by ra briggs, the property has been lovingly maintained to its original design. it is a three-storey indian-style bungalow built on the design of victorian houses in india. historians are eager to put the property forward for listing to further protect its heritage. the property is currently on the market for £985,000.
judy and jerry sheindlin have been married for 38 years - all told. the couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year. she recently renewed her tv contract with cbs for another three years. she reportedly earns $47 million a year - the highest paid personality on tv.
jemima kirke, 29, spoke out about her abortion in a psa for the center of reproductive rights. she says she had to use up all of her savings to pay for the procedure, and even then she could not afford anesthesia. the actress says she became pregnant with her boyfriend at the time and needed his help paying for the abortion. she has since given birth to a daughter. jemima says she hopes to encourage women to be more open and honest about abortion.
izaak gillen, seven months, was taken to hospital on april 6 with a skull fracture while at his babysitter's oregon city home. he was pronounced dead the next day after being taken to randall children's hospital . no arrests have been made in the incident.
researchers studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site cnn.com, breitbart.com and ign.com.   trolls are less likely to use positive words than other users, and they swear more in posts. they are also more likely to veer off-topic and have fewer similarities with other users. an algorithm can recognise a potential troll with an accuracy of 80 per cent by scanning comments.
jondrew megil lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and kellie cherie phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment of three children in a north las vegas home. a 17-year-old girl was arrested after her severely malnourished four-month-old daughter was found in the back seat of a broken-down car. police say the child is a victim and will not face criminal charges. the girl's mother and stepfather, jondrew magil lachaux , was arrested and charged with child abuse. the child was hospitalized in critical condition after being found with the corpse of
fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a key u.s. ally by using language that suggested that poland was an accomplice in the holocaust. poles are waiting to see if comey would issue an apology. poles had no role in running auschwitz and other death camps where jews were murdered during world war ii. 6 million polish citizens were killed during the war and pols were themselves victims of the third reich.
geologist dr danny hilman believes that a site in west java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. the megalithic site of gunung padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in indonesia. egypt’s oldest pyramid was built almost 5,000years ago but a similar structure could be four times older. if true, the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on a powerful and advanced ancient civilisation.
dr sahar hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at leicester square station. she denied assault but was found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs. she said she was worried about being stranded on her own because she is a muslim woman.
sheldon nadelman, 80, who worked at the bar from 1973 to 1982, took thousands of photos from behind the bar at terminal bar in times square. women would come in to the bar early in the morning to get shots of cognac before going out to work the streets. the bar's clients included pimps, prostitutes and destitute new yorkers. his son stefan has digitized his father's photos of the bar, which closed in 1982.
immerse virtual reality headset is available from firebox for £29.95 ($45)   it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores. immerse is compatible with hundreds of apps and will play any 3d movie. it is an affordable alternative to rivals such as oculus rift, which costs $400 (£270)
divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade. the scuba girls from san diego, california, travel the world to take snaps with marine animals. the selfie stick is a recent addition to their collection, but they have been taking snaps with sharks and sting rays for years.
dutch-led investigators renewed their search for body parts and debris at the crash site in eastern ukraine this week. 16 containers of fragments of the malaysia airlines plane have been filled so far. investigators also found a charred passport of a malaysian mother killed in the crash and jewellery.
emma dickson, 31, was meant to be planning her wedding to fiance dougie, 26, but ended up thinking about her funeral. she was rushed to hospital with a collapsed lung after developing blood clots in her lungs. doctors told her she had two blood clot which had moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism. mrs dickson's left lung collapsed and she thought she was going to die . she now must take blood thinning medication for the rest of her life to reduce the risk of further clots developing.
homeless period project hopes to shred the taboo around females living on the streets and their periods. encourages people to donate tampons and towels to their local homeless shelters. project was started by oliver frost, josie shedden and sara bakhaty.   26 per cent of people who access homelessness services are women. while homeless shelters receive funding for condoms, there is no government funding for sanitary products.
clark elmore was convicted of killing and raping his 14-year-old stepdaughter kristy ohnstad in washington in 1995. he confessed to killing her after she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child. elmore claimed his constitutional rights were violated at trial and was sentenced to death. 9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed washington supreme court's decision was correct and upheld his conviction. he is the second-longest serving inmate on the state's death row after being sent there in 1996.
american expat brad reynolds has written more than 66,000 contributions to tripadvisor in just five years. the 38-year-old averages nearly two reviews a day and uploads nearly 40,000 photos. he has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries and has travelled more than 600,000 miles. so far brad has visited 34 per cent of the world and given just 12 one-star ratings.
battery packs will be hidden under the floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels. the volkswagen westfalia camper ceased production in 2003. dr heinz-jakob neusser said the new version will share some features with the iconic van. no images of the new vehicle have yet been released. vw has unveiled two prototype'microbuses' in recent years.
obama was responding to walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office. walker is currently the governor of wisconsin. obama said walker may change his 'foolish' position 'after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy'   walker fired back at obama on twitter, saying, 'americans would be better served by a president who spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them'
sleep cycle app tracks a user's sleep as they go through a cycle of sleep phases. using statistics from sleep cycle app users, researchers have discovered the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a monday in south africa. on tuesdays, americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week. the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a wednesday night and people in finland sleep the most on a saturday. nearly 90% of countries surveyed sleep more and wake up later on saturday compared to any other day of the week.
clinicians are in an 'impossible situation' as a result of king family's flight to spain after disagreeing with doctors. doctors and nurses who treated ashya king have criticised his parents in bbc documentary.   'deeply unfair when the nhs is supposed to be about equal healthcare for all'    the family then went to prague for proton beam therapy, and now say there is 'no evidence' of a tumour.
irishman barry lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother patrick grievous bodily harm with a single punch. barry could spend up to two years in a sydney jail after pleading guilty to the charge. security footage of the violent altercation has been released for the first time. patrick was put in a coma after being punched in the head by his brother barry on january 3 in kings cross. he was found in a pool of blood and vomit after the incident and remained in hospital for six days.   barry has called for the charges against his brother to be dropped and for him to be spared a prison sentence.
veteran airman andrew danziger claims to have seen a ufo flying through the sky. he flew president obama's campaign plane during his 2008 election campaign. the aviator has 28 years of cockpit experience and said virtually all pilots believe in ufos. the ufo glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing below the clouds.
linda macdonald, 55, was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol monday night in dummerston, vermont. she told police she crashed while talking on the phone and trying to take directions in her car. macdonald posted a.10 blood-alcohol content and stuck out her tongue when she was brought to police headquarters.
charlotte bevan had come off risperidone - a powerful drug used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. four days after giving birth, 30-year-old walked out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat. police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge the next day. newborn zaani tiana bevan malbrouck was later found close by. miss bevan was advised by medics to stop taking the drug ahead of her baby's birth.
aaron hernandez, 25, was found guilty wednesday of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player odin lloyd. the former new england patriots tight-end is accused of killing daniel abreu, 29, and safirdo furtado, 28, in a drive-by shooting in boston, massachusetts, in july 2012. the two immigrants from cape verde were found murdered in their car at a stop light in south boston after a fight over a spilled drink. following the sentencing phase of his murder conviction, the athlete was handcuffed and
stacey eden, 23, stood up in defence of a muslim woman and her partner on a sydney train on wednesday afternoon. a middle-aged woman launched into a racially-charged tirade about islam on a public transport train. police are urging witnesses of the incident to come forward. ms eden recorded a video of the woman's rant on her mobile phone. she told the woman to'shut her mouth' and told her to 'have some respect'   the woman allegedly branded 'all muslims isis supporters' and insulted the muslim's husband and headscarf.
ayatollah hossein dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in iran, is a celebrity in his native country. he says thinking about another woman while having sex with your wife is not a sin. but if she becomes pregnant it will mean the child will be gay. he also warns incorrectly wearing the hijab could lead to some men becoming homosexual. homosexuality is punishable by death in the state, with gay people forced to hide their sexuality.
celebrities took to instagram to share pictures of themselves celebrating easter. kim kardashian shared snap of herself making last-minute baskets for toddler north west. fearne cotton shared pictures of the beautiful easter flowers sent to her by mother-in-law jo wood. amanda holden, frankie bridge and mariah carey also posted pictures of their children.
chimps in kibale national park in uganda have learned to look for traffic before crossing busy roads. dominant males will wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely. it is the first time chimps have been seen to adapt to busy roads and look both ways. chimps will also often run across roads.
groom's brother of the groom lost control of the gun at a reception in the capital riyadh. he accidentally fires at the wall by mistake, sending bullets ricocheting off the walls. the incident was caught on camera and has been viewed nearly 140,000 times.
my kitchen rules judge pete evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water. health minister jillian skinner has refused to watch his reality cooking show. she says he is putting people's health at risk with his views on diet and lifestyle. evans and his family don't drink australian tap water. he has also been under fire for endorsing the paleo diet. he says he would like to discuss the benefits of water fluoridation with ms skinner.
they announced they were 'consciously uncoupling' in march 2014. the documents are reportedly signed and will be filed on monday. martin has reportedly been dating jennifer lawrence while paltrow has been seeing glee executive brad falchuk. the iron man actress and coldplay frontman married in december 2003.
cara delevingne, suki waterhouse, mila kunis, elton john and anna wintour among guests. christopher bailey celebrated launch of burberry's new beverley hills flagship at griffith observatory in los angeles. over 700 guests and models gathered to celebrate fashion, music and britishness. bailey is chief creative and chief executive officer of the brand and was named ceo in 2013.
rosdeep adekoya beat her three-year-old son to death before stuffing body in suitcase and dumping it in woods. mikaeel kular was killed in january last year after being beaten to death by mother. social and health service workers visited his family a number of times in months leading up to his death. review into whether care teams could have foreseen the circumstances of his death concluded it 'could not have been predicted'    review found his mother's behaviour towards her son was 'unprecedented and out of character' and that the killing could not be predicted.
tugce taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in the north-western turkish city of istanbul. her friend adem kilic, 31, is in a critical condition in hospital after the head-on crash. the luxury sports car burst into flames after the horror crash. driver of the lamborghini is believed to have lost control and hit another car coming the other way.
mariel hemingway, 53, has written two books about growing up in a family plagued by mental illness, addiction and suicide. she is the granddaughter of author and writer ernest hemingways and starred in the film manhattan.  her father was an alcoholic and her older sister margaux, a model and actress, died from depression in 1996. her grandfather    killed himself just months before mariel was born in 1961. she says her family was said to be cursed.
madeline luciano was teaching eighth grade at ps 18, in manhattan, when pupils wrote on blackboard about a 13-year-old girl. said to have encouraged pupils to write 'ugly' and 'annoying' words about her. but she claims she was actually trying to teach a lesson about the evils of bullying. the teacher, 40, was fired after an investigation and has now launched court action against the city's education department.
sevdet besim, from hallam in melbourne's south-east, has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts. he was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts' at the melbourne magistrates court. he is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'isis inspired' attack on an anzac day ceremony. the men were 'associates' of abdul numan haider, who was killed in a police stabbing. a total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the counter-terror police raids on saturday morning. a number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords - were seized at the
laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model. she was spotted by talent scouts in new york city in 2005. the model has modelled for macy's, bloomingdale's and asos. wells revealed her less curvy counterparts have only 'one cracker and a couple glasses of water' to keep thin. she is a plus-sized model and has appeared in a number of magazines.
ed balls said he would not allow snp to insist on a deal that would benefit scotland at the expense of england. shadow chancellor said it would be a 'betrayal of the english vote'    ed miliband has insisted labour will not form a coalition with the snp but stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement.
former fat families star steve miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming. he has devised a five-point plan to tackle britain's obesity crisis. his demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and moving in with public role models who are overweight.
san francisco police chief greg suhr said that eight officers had been suspended and that he had recommended they be fired. the offensive texts were sent between 2011 and 2012 and targeted blacks, mexicans, filipinos and gay men. the messages were uncovered after federal corruption charges were brought against former sergeant ian furminger, who was sentenced to 41 months in prison last month. the chief has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers.
oregon-based defense contractor flir systems inc. has agreed to pay $9.5 million to settle bribery charges filed by the securities and exchange commission. the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts. two employees in flir's dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the saudi arabia ministry of interior in 2009. the company also arranged travel for saudi officials.
ten 1933 double eagle coins were found in a bank deposit box for joan langbord's father israel switt, a philadelphia jeweler. the government believed that switt stole the coins from the us mint in 1933. the coins were almost all destroyed when the us went off the gold standard. a jury sided with the government in 2012, but an appeals court overturned the decision and returned the coins to the family.
cardiff university study found most of those teens who do try e-cigarettes are also smokers. this suggests teens are not using electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits. only 1.5 per cent of teens aged 11 to 16 regularly used the devices, compared to 6 per cent who had tried tobacco.
office of the schools adjudicator criticised oratory school in london for discriminating against the poor and non-catholic children. high court judge branded the decision by the watchdog 'flawed' and 'unreasonable' the school was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year. nick clegg's eldest son and two of tony blair's sons attend the state-funded school.
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault. a shot was fired outside of club luxx in dallas, texas, after a physical fight on wednesday morning. talib was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011. he and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend.
the duchess of cornwall has launched her own honey. just 250 jars are being produced, with all proceeds going to charity. sales of gourmet honey are up 45 per cent at selfridges since last year. but does luxury honey taste different enough to justify the price tag?
kestutis martuzevicius repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him, claiming human rights breached. 52-year-old is wanted for 22 crimes in lithuania and is accused of two murders in his home country.    he spun out legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill. he was admitted to broadmoor on health grounds but by june his condition had improved and returned to belmarsh.
cocktail sausages laced with poison found on the cuckoo trail near hailsham, sussex. man out walking his dog found clutch of poison-filled sausage hidden among the grass. dog owners warned to be aware after spate of dog poisonings in nearby brighton and hove.
local police chief terry rozema spoke out on wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary. video of the february 19 incident emerged on tuesday and shows officer michael rapiejko running into suspect mario valencia, 36, with a rifle. he was walking down a street in marana, arizona, in his speeding police car. police officer in the other car warns rapiejo that the suspect is loaded and tells him to'stand off' but he drives straight toward him and crashes into him. valencia was rushed to hospital in serious condition and remained in hospital for two days.
eurocamp's safari tents are more luxurious than canvas and come with bunk beds. jane and her family stayed at l'ardéchoise site in south central france's ardèche region. the region is famous for having the world's oldest cave paintings and is a gastronomic centre of france.
woman, 84, was helping her husband parallel park when he accelerated into her. she suffered a serious head injury and injuries to her throat and legs. she was put in a medically-induced coma and remains in a critical but stable condition. the driver, also 84, hit three parked cars and a wall before coming to rest.
darlene feliciano, a manager at a honolulu walmart, was out on the makapuu 'tom-tom' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell. she was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka. the unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead. her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries.
carwyn scott-howell was on holiday with his mother ceri, nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn, 19, in the alps. he may have entered woodland thinking it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of flaine. his family paid tribute to the 'daring and determined' boy who was 'a very competent skier'   the family said his death had left them feeling 'utter devastation' with a 'vast void in our hearts'  the boy's body may be expatriated today and his family are believed to be staying in a hotel nearby.
coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties by the federal court. it was banned from advertising bread as baked fresh on the day it is sold for three years. the falsely labelled bread has generated a revenue of $300 million for coles. the bread was made in ireland, frozen and shipped to australia months later.
prasanna ‘nick’ arulchelvam, 34, was chasing a gang of thieves in a cash and carry car park in watford. he jumped out of his van but was pushed out and fell to the ground. michael mcinerney was jailed for 11 years after admitting to pushing mr prasanna to his death. he was handed an 11 year sentence for manslaughter and conspiracy to steal.
photographs show four men accused of theft being interviewed by militants in northern stronghold of mosul, iraq. savage punishment is significantly more extreme than isis' usual punishment for theft. all four men wear beards without moustaches and are dressed in military-style clothing. u.s.-led forces targeted isis with eight airstrikes in iraq and five in syria yesterday.
more than 231 million immigrants live around the world, with more than 7.8 million living in the uk. number of international migrants has increased by nearly 80 million since 1995. great britain and northern ireland are among the nations with the highest number of immigrants. the u.s. has more than 45 million immigrants and russia has 11 million. morocco, mongolia and greenland have the fewest.
the disused rhondda tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the welsh hills, was closed as part of the beeching cutbacks. it was opened in 1890 in the coal boom and was closed in 1968. but engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route. under the proposals, it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m snoqualmie tunnel.
the randolph, in oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon, with smoke billowing from the roof. the fire is not believed to be suspicious and is believed to have started in the ground floor kitchen of the grade ii listed hotel. 14 fire engines have been sent to the scene and staff and guests evacuated to nearby oxford playhouse theatre. the cause of the fire and extent of the damage to the building remains unclear.
14-year-old jamie silvonek is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. her boyfriend, caleb barnes, 20, is charged with homicide in the death of her mother cheryl silv onek, 54. her body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave and her car was found partially submerged in a pond. jamie's defense petition to return her to the juvenile facility was denied by a lehigh county judge.
the 2015 australian fashion report has named and shamed some of the worst aussie clothing brands and companies for their exploitation of overseas workers. lowes, industrie, best & less and the just group were identified as the worst performing companies. only two of the 59 companies could prove they were paying a living wage to workers. the report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in australia. amongst the best performers were etiko, audrey blue, cotton on, h&m and zara.
video captured by william bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson alex. shows £126million jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray, scotland. first of the aircraft blasted them with thrust from its engines. as the second jet disappeared from view, the video camera was knocked sideways.
dante gabriel rossetti's muse fanny cornforth died penniless and suffering from dementia at the age of 74. records from graylingwell hospital in chichester reveal she died in poverty in poverty at the sussex county asylum in 1909. she was a model for at least 60 of his paintings and was known as one of his'stunners'
scott keyes, a 28-year-old writer for think progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. he will be stopping by 13 countries along the way in europe and south and north america. keyes spent between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together and spent 136,500 frequent flyer miles on the trip. he is planning to visit 30 countries over the course of his two-month trip.
neil patrick harris and david burtka's four-year-old twins gideon and harper have a love for seafood and spices. chef david does most of the cooking in the harris-burtka house, but neil serves as bartender for company and helps with the presentation.
177 fire engines and 829 firefighters battled the blaze at goure px plant in zhangzhou, fujian province. it took 177 firefighters to bring the blaze under control after explosion on monday night. it is the second accident at the controversial plant in 20 months. the plant produces paraxylene, a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics.
amjad yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after isis militants beat him unconscious at the camp in the syrian capital damascus. he said they were looking for his brother who was a member of the palestinian rebel group. more than 200 people have been killed in the siege of the camp since last wednesday.
ceil hamilton-miller was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945. the former mayor of glastonbury was part of the team that prosecuted men and women responsible for running the notorious camp. he struggled to talk about the horrors he witnessed after the liberation of bergen-belsen.
jayson mcdonald was found hiding under a bed in amsterdam in the netherlands. paul monk was captured at his luxury villa in the holiday hotspot of alicante on the spanish coast. arrested as part of operation captura, a drive to catch fugitives on uk's most wanted list. both men are wanted on suspicion of drug trafficking and conspiracy to supply.
david cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair at a visit to the age uk in plymouth. the tory leader has travelled to all four home nations in one day this week. ed miliband overtook him as the most popular political leader for the first time. mr cameron also got into a muddle over how to eat a cream tea in devon this morning.
former army chief v.k singh is currently in djibouti spearheading operation rahat to evacuate indians from war-hit yemen. minister of state for external affairs tweeted 'friends what do you expect from presstitutes'   bharatiya janata party has distanced itself from the former army chief's views.
local business owners have labelled surfers paradise meter maids as outdated and no longer providing a public service. the gold coast chamber of commerce says the group are now a business. started in 1965, meter maid's were the brainchild of gold coast developer bernie elsey. business leaders say it was time for them to move as parking meters were electronic. but surfers paradise meter maid’s general manager said the chamber of commerce was taking 'a terribly ill-informed position'
joseph o'riordan, 73, stabbed his wife of ten years amanda eight times with a seven inch kitchen knife. he discovered she had been having an affair with a postman. four months after attack, while on remand, he wrote to his wife from jail asking her to 'get my things together'    he asked her to send him a suit for his trial and asked for his 'blue suit' and 'three ties'  court heard he was a councillor at the time of attack in october last year.
sky newsreader samantha simmonds, 42, took time off work to spend with her three children, aged two, four and six. mother-of-three also describes ‘working mum guilt’ in searingly honest blog post. her six-year-old son knocked out his brother's tooth on a car journey back from manchester.
elijah mccrae's parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill baby son. five-month-old elijah died in his mother's arms on monday evening. he was diagnosed with a fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy. his parents, jessica and andrew, created the to-do list after he was told he would not live to see his second birthday. only one item on the list, a trip to the sydney royal easter show, was ticked off.
boeing's'space bins' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on 737 planes. two airlines - delta and alaska - have ordered the new overhead luggage bins. boeing is promising faster boarding and turnaround times at the gate with the larger bins.
jacob phillips, 23, was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade in penarth, south wales. he jumped over a fence in the dark and fell down the cliff after a night out with friends. the accountant was discovered the next day by a dog walker. he ran from a taxi driver after he didn't have enough money to pay the fare.
drive eo's one megawatt electric race car is set to compete in the pikes peak international hill climb in june. runs on 50 kwh lithium-ion battery pack driving six yasa-400 electric motors and produces 1020 kw. can reach speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h) compared to the top speed of 155mph on the model s p85d.
zoe hadley, 19, also known as zoe hommel, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13. she was found dead at a hotel in putney, south west london, last year. miss hadley suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors, an inquest heard. doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and she refused to accept she had mental health problems. she accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation and was found hanged in a hotel room.
bernadette forde, 51, was found dead in her wheelchair with a recorded'suicide note' in june 2011. carer gail o'rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to helping her to commit suicide. it is alleged she helped ms forde buy a 'toxic' substance over the internet to kill herself. she was charged with helping the wheelchair-bound woman to travel to switzerland for assisted suicide. the taxi driver was a cleaner and carer for ms, who was found in a wheelchair at her home in dublin, ireland. the court heard the recording was of ms saying she couldn't live with her 'nightmare life'
kate winslet, 39, is 5ft 7in and wears a size-nine shoe. her co-star leonardo dicaprio referred to her feet as'my canoes'   average shoe size in the uk has risen from a 4½ in 1900 to a roomy six today.
leanne bourne, a mother-of-four from romford in essex, suspected her partner steve was having an affair. but it turned out to be her younger sister larissa knipe who was the other woman. three years after the affair, ms bourne is still struggling to come to terms with it.
islamic state has launched its own social media rules to censor coverage of its recent defeats. senior commanders appear to be trying to eradicate any knowledge of the group's internal problems. some of the rules are unclear and appear to censor information on location of fighters and tactics. isis supporters have been criticised for leaking information on fighters and locations on social media.
daisy goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. daisy says she got them for the first time at 19 and has had nits at least 100 times. she says she was never affected as a child and only got them as an adult. dais says she suffered with the parasites for almost 20 years and has suffered from them since. she has had to have treatment for nits and says you can battle with them but never win.
shoshana hebshi, of sylvania, ohio, was strip-searched at detroit metropolitan airport on the 10th anniversary of 9/11. she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion and was held for hours. frontier airlines, the transportation security administration and wayne county airport authority were named in the federal lawsuit. the federal government will give her $40,000 as compensation for being humiliated. she is a mother of twin boys and a freelance writer and yoga instructor.
peter reece, his fiancee, mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an ocean shores, washington, beach on thursday when the tide came in and trapped the family. the car's tires got stuck in the wet sand and the family was unable to drive away. a police officer rescued the family, but his mother and baby were trapped inside the car. seconds after the officer saved the grandmother and baby, a wave hit the car, flipping it and pulling it out to sea. the family were able to get out of the car and walk up the beach.
oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in the 161st men's boat race. female crews representing oxford and cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the river thames as the men for the first time in 87 years. oxford dominated cambridge in the men's race, claiming a third consecutive victory in a row. the women's team also made history by winning the race and competing on the same day as men.
tibor racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle, north of sydney, on sunday night. two 15-year-old boys and a 14-year old boy have been charged with assault and affray. the father and his daughter were attacked outside a shopping centre. the youths were charged as normal, not under the controversial young offenders act.
stars like kate hudson, pharrell williams and gwen stefani show no signs of ageing in the last decade. femail rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven't changed for at least 10 years.    jared leto, angelina jolie, keira knightley and jennifer lopez are among the stars who have maintained their looks.
builders were called in to fix a leak in phillip and gaby beckle-raymond's home in north london. they left the family with no roof and just tarpaulin to protect the house from the elements. the family had to live in one room for six months as they couldn't afford the repairs. the builders ran off with £17,000 of their money.
martin burgess clock b is based on john harrison's 18th century clock, which he thought up to solve problem of determining longitude at sea. it has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory, in greenwich, to see if it was accurate. clock has been certified by guinness world records and certified by national maritime museum.
tories launch new poster campaign showing ms sturgeon manipulating puppet labour leader. grant shapps says ed miliband would be a 'disaster' if carried by snp. snp leader claims her party’s manifesto will include pledges in policy areas which don’t affect scotland.
jack cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of a powell's bookstore in portland, oregon, in march. manager was forced to clean up the 'gigantic' mess - but received apology letter and gift card. it was signed 'jack' and included a ben & jerry's ice cream card. manager said the apology letter'made her day' and thanked staff at the store.
around 16 million tourists visit florence every year. prince ottaviano de’medici di toscana is aiming to reclaim the city from mass tourism. the last ten years have seen a rise in the number of visitors to the city. vandals have destroyed historic monuments and binge-drinking tourists are sleeping rough. prince wants to attract visitors with its lesser known museums and smaller hotels.
new yorker amanda chatel explained in an essay that she is pushing for 'yes means yes' sex contracts to become mandatory on college campuses across the country. the law was first passed in california in 2014. amanda wrote that she was a victim of date rape and blamed herself for years after her assault because she never actually said 'no'    the writer said the law is just one step in combating society's prevalent rape culture and that we need to change the way people think of rape.
nyia parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county, maryland overnight saturday. police say she went to visit her boyfriend after leaving her quadriplegic son, 21, in a wooded park with a blanket and a bible. the non-verbal man was found 10 feet from his wheelchair and the bible in a philadelphia park on friday night. parler was arrested on charges of aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person.
philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months after a stomach operation. philip lost his job as a gardener and then the pair lost their benefits. they were forced to sell furniture and take out pay-day loans to live in their car. manchester business owner jasen jackiw heard about the story on a tv programme. he gave philip a job and the pair are now living in hotels when they can afford it.
aaron hernandez was a key player of the new england patriots offense and played in the super bowl in 2012. he was arrested for the murder of odin lloyd in june 2013. he has been accused of shooting a total of six men - killing three and wounding three others. he is currently serving a life sentence in prison for the crime. before his murder arrest, he was accused of being involved in a 'thug life' in his hometown of bristol, connecticut. his father died in 2006 and his mother was allegedly abused by her new husband after he moved in with her.
wendy wei mei wu has purchased slipper island, a 217 hectare new zealand island for aud $6.75 million. the buyer is yet to decide what she wants to do with the 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass. it was purchased by a former property developer. the island is located 4 km off the coast of the north island, and has six houses. the sale has divided the needham family who own the island, with some of them claiming it represents the loss of the family's legacy. ms wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year.
stacey johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2007 and has undergone gruelling chemotherapy. her sister dannii, 20, was her full time carer and helped her throughout her teenage years. in 2014, stacey was told her tumour had grown and she was told it was cancerous. doctors then discovered her younger sister had a growth in her brain. she was shocked to discover she too had a tumour, although hers is benign. the sisters, from much hadham, hertfordshire, were both born with benign brain tumours.
christine davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 and was told she only had up to three years to live. christine passed away at a nursing home on thursday at the age of 61. her diamond engagement ring was 'forcefully removed and stolen' from her finger just days before she died. the family has launched an online appeal to find the ring. christina and her husband ronny were happily married for 41 years before she passed away.
clarence david moore, 66, escaped from a north carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate in june 1972. he was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he escaped. moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades. on monday he called the franklin county sheriff's office in kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive . he suffers from several medical conditions and cannot walk, but because he has no social security card of any form of id, he has been unable to receive medical treatment.
adrian schaffner recorded the video of himself and his dog sintha at the small skiing resort of minschuns in val müstair. the dog appears to be entirely at ease as it sits on its owner's shoulders as he skis down the mountain. the appenzeller mix is a dog mix according to the owner and is called sintha.
new tns survey shows snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month, with 52 per cent backing snp leader nicola sturgeon. only 24 per cent of scots planning to vote for labour leader ed miliband. snp surge puts labour on course to lose dozens of seats, according to poll. support for snp is strong among younger voters and those certain to vote.
president barack obama became the first president to visit jamaica since president ronald reagan in 1982 on thursday. president obama is in the island nation to attend the summit of the americas in panama city. jamaican prime minister portia simpson miller told the president he is'very loved' and 'well-loved' in the country. president obama signaled thursday he will soon remove cuba from the u.s. list of state sponsors of terrorism.
the new host of the daily show has separated from long term girlfriend dani gabriel. the pair have known each other for at least four years and started dating in early 2014. it's believed the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans and exploding fame. noah has moved on to become a us tv star and is still friends with the physiotherapist.
sabrina morrison told a teacher she was raped by her uncle, patrick morrison, in march 2007 but authorities falsely said there was no evidence of the attack. morrison continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl, his niece, and even got her pregnant. the sheriff's deputies failed to arrest morrison and even though a rape kit showed traces of semen, they did not collect a blood sample. mor morrison was sentenced to 24 years in prison. her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into by sheriff joe ar arpaio's office over a three-year period ending in 2007.
lily sharp, who lives in the uk, decided to prank her own mother by pretending she had been kidnapped. she sent her mother a series of texts pretending to be an intruder and demanding a ransom. her mother was completely fooled and became more and more frantic. lily's prank received 18,000 retweets and 25,000 favourites on twitter.
vin los, 24, stars in a new campaign for underwear brand garçon model. the montreal-based model has 24 tattoos on his face, neck, chest, arms, and arms. vin gained notoriety last year for his face tattoos and dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world.
manchester city lost 1-0 to arsenal in the women's super league clash on sunday. jill scott was sent off for an apparent headbutt on arsenal defender jade bailey. the england international apologised for the incident after the game. scott reacted angrily to a challenge by the gunners defender.
former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan proposed to his girlfriend naomi bass on a trip to japan. the couple were holidaying in japan and were out for a walk when he proposed to her. the proposal took place beneath a cherry blossom tree in kyoto. the pair met in perth in 2011 and are now back in the country. the 29-year-old has won two silver medals at the commonwealth games.
the watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm goldgenie and are part of their apple watch spectrum collection. the limited edition apple watch is available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum and comes with a python skin strap. one version is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap. britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy one of the watches and costs up to £2,500 more in the uk.
poet's house is a swish new hotel in ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral. there are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths and copper baths. the hotel used to be an old people's home and is a sex and the city retreat.
officers in mesquite, texas came upon a crashed car early sunday morning and pulled unconscious 25-year-old hector valles from the wreckage. he was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel of his burning suv. while officers ryan nielson and autumn soto were dragging him out of the wreckage, the interior of his car was engulfed in flames. vallers crashed into a pillar after veering off of i-30 and onto the interstate service road.
public land managers and councils in greater sydney are targeting feral rabbits with carrots laced with a deadly virus. over 30 government bodies scattered the carrots in public areas across 160 localities in march. it comes after a'significantly rampant population' of wild rabbits in nsw. about 70-100 per cent of rabbits die once infected with the calicivirus. the pest causes millions of dollars of major agricultural and environmental damage each year.
73-year-old rose to fame as part of simon & garfunkel. his latest release, the ultimate collection, beat albums from ed sheeran and sam smith. it is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since the rhythm of the saints in 1990.
sarah watson, 34, was falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from premier league star marcus rojo. she had a brief liaison with the manchester united defender at a christmas party. high court has since overturned a gagging order against ms watson who claims rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her. pictures have emerged showing her cutting lines of a suspicious-looking white powder in las vegas.
johanna powell, 37, a picture editor working for bbc wales, was on holiday in laos with three friends. boat she was travelling on hit a rock and sank in the mekong river in remote part of laos. crew, tour guide and other passengers managed to swim to safety. but ms powell disappeared in the strong current and is feared to have drowned. emergency services have recovered a body in the search for the cardiff resident, from cardiff. she was reported missing on saturday after a traditional wooden cruise boat sank 'within a minute'
pack of cadbury chocolate fingers have come down by 11 grams - the equivalent of two chocolate fingers - to a weight of 114g. popular biscuits are made under licence by another manufacturer, burton’s biscuit company. latest evidence of how brands and supermarkets are cutting back on pack sizes without corresponding price cuts.
bryan stow was beaten and left for dead outside the la dodgers' stadium in march 2011. two men attacked the san fransisco giants fan after a baseball match. mr stow, a paramedic, was left severely brain damaged after the attack. he was kept in a medically induced coma for several months to assist his recovery. the father-of-two was awarded $18 million compensation but has not received any due to legal delays. despite his life-changing injuries, mmr stow remains a fan of the baseball team.
tv presenter and motorcycle racer guy martin wrote a review of the new aston martin supercar for a motoring magazine. he claimed to have reached speeds of up to 180mph in a 40mph zone on the isle of man's tt course. police on the island of man have confirmed they are looking into the incident. the 33-year-old presents speed with guy martin on channel 4 and faces a police probe.
judy murray, 55, has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year. her mother leonore sears, 53, has long been admired by those on the tennis circuit. andy and kim murray will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral tomorrow. the ceremony is being hailed as scotland's royal wedding.
jerry tarkanian complained of pain in his legs and was taken to the hospital at about 4am on friday. his parents said he suffered a stroke at university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas. he is the grandson of the famed college basketball coach jerry tarksanian. the boy is conscious and moving around better since the stroke and is undergoing testing.
labour leader promises home office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers. exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages for british workers, he said. but nigel farage and immigration minister james brokenshire dismissed mr miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration.
british fashion brand topshop and topman is set to open second sydney store at westfield miranda.    fashion influencers will be chauffeured in london black cabs to the launch celebrations. the brand's flagship store opened in 2012 and is one of the most popular in the shire. nic westaway and cheyenne tozzi will host the launch.
passenger jin pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport when it collapsed. he was hospitalised with deep cuts on his leg and buttocks after it smashed to the ground. the man had been squatting on the toilet in the city of hefei, eastern china. he confessed to his friends that he was squatting but later changed his story to police.
heather mack, 19, from chicago, could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother, 62-year-old socialite sheila von wiese-mack.    justice and human rights minister yasona laoly called in unexpectedly at kerobokan prison to visit teen and baby stella. mack has been keeping her baby with her in a crowded cell in bali's jail and wants to be baptised. she also wants to place the baby with a family to care for the child, named after her boyfriend tommy schaefer.
orrden williams jr. was attacked by a gang of students from northwest prep academy at a gas station in memphis, tennessee on monday. a crowd of teens from the school descended on a man and his baby. orden was covered in bruises after the unprovoked attack, and his child was also almost hit by the teens. police arrested joe brittman, a student at northwest prep academy, wednesday.
wiley bridgeman, 60, and kwame ajamu, 57, were exonerated in november 2014 after serving 66 years in prison for the murder of cleveland businessman harry franks in 1975. they were convicted after a 12-year-old boy said that he saw how the businessman was murdered. the men were sentenced to death row for aggravated murder. last year, they were awarded a collective $1.6million in compensation from an ohio court of claims for wrongful imprisonment. ricky jackson, 58, was the longest serving person ever exonerated after his 1975 murder conviction.
tv chef gizzi erskine, 35, posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat in interview with puss puss magazine. her pet cat kimchi loves taramasalata and is 'obsessed' with cat biscuits. the cat fancier says she wants to get a cat tattoo.    she also recently added a new cat, ponzu, to her family.
tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland's speed-camera laws. mr morris says he wasn't driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50kph zone. he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 to try to avoid a $146 speeding fine. he argues it's unconstitutional for a queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver.
the 16-year-old was born a girl but identifies as a boy. he has been given permission by a family court judge to receive testosterone injections. the boy has been taking puberty blockers for a year and has worn a boy's uniform for two years. the teen had considered suicide and was living in the wrong body since he was a child.
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park, central victoria at 9.30am on good friday. the 11-year old was camping in the national forest with his family. it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. luke has limited speech and his family says he may not even be aware he is lost. a widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams.
labour's deputy chairman of the labour election campaign revealed his interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts. toby perkins is mp for chesterfield and accused of 'utter hypocrisy'   labour's 2015 manifesto has sought to champion working-class britons. mr perkins has denied employing any interns and said they are volunteers.
researchers predict abundance and distribution of popular fish could fall as north sea warms. north sea has warmed four times faster than the global average in the past 40 years. scientists combined long-term fisheries data and climate model projections to predict species. as the north sea warm, species won't be able to migrate north to avoid warming temperatures. uk fisheries will need to replace current species with those that prefer warmer water. this could increase the price of fish and chips.
kazi islam, 18, sent texts to harry thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties, court told.    court told he used 'cake' as code for bomb in messages, but friend failed to understand his ruse. islam encouraged friend to buy a knife to attack soldiers with and buy parts for a bomb. he is accused of preparing for acts of terrorism at the old bailey.
dave rickard, 72, and his wife brenda, 67, were on holiday when daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea. the west highland terrier was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman. the family were in caernarfon, north wales, when she was feared to have drowned.
j jarret stoll, 32, was arrested on drug possession charges at the mgm grand hotel in las vegas, nevada, on friday. he was allegedly found with cocaine and molly in his swim trunks at a pool party. stoll is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars co-host erin andrews, 36. the nhl player was booked for drug possession and released on $5,000 bond. he currently plays for the los angeles kings and was reportedly found with 3.3 grams of cocaine and 8.1 grams of molly.
peter morris was devastated when his sister, claire, died in a car crash when she was 32. he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to malcolm webster a year before. he believed she had died in an accident and believed it was an accident. it took two decades for the truth to be revealed - she was murdered by webster. webster had drugged his wife and deliberately crashed their car and set it on fire. he then tried to kill his second wife, felicity drumm, 21 years later.
the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates take on the chicago cubs at pnc park on monday night. ball was hit behind by starlin castro and careered into her head. she was knocked unconscious and taken to hospital on a stretcher. incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game as she was treated.
a man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of route 95 near baltimore, maryland. tommy solis was driving by and filmed the incident, eventually getting out of his car to try and break up the fight. the man was beating the man after the man hit the aggressor's car for cutting off the truck driver, who claimed the man cut him off. the old man refused to stop and threw and punched the man as solis' friend drove by and tried to stop him. the friend clocked the man and left him passed out cold on the road.
natalie swindells, 26, eats four bowls of rice krispies with milk for breakfast, lunch and dinner. she has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades and has never taken a day off sick. the bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two. she believes overeating causes more health problems than a restricted diet.
kelly rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to france when a california court awarded custody to her ex-husband daniel giersch, 40, and she pleaded for the order to be reversed. a new york court dismissed her case saying it did not have the jurisdiction to order the children to return to the u.s.   she claimed that no other u.s. court has ordered children to live in another country. but the court said she failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute.
peter kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river on tuesday. kelly and a friend were on the minnesota side of the river when they asked a group of rowdy fishermen to be quiet. the argument escalated and kelly was attacked and died at the scene. he has four sons and a daughter all under the age of nine. the attackers fled the scene and authorities are still searching for them.
scores of syrians wait in line for hours for food in the terror group's self-declared capital raqqa. the pictures were posted on twitter by a member of the anti-isis campaign group raqqa is being slaughtered silently. it paints a bleak picture of life in the dark and cold for hours on end in the city.
channel islands heritage festival celebrates 70 years since the liberation of the channel islands. guernsey is one of the key locations for the five-week event. the island archipelago is celebrating liberation day on 3 april. the festival will unite all of the islands for the first time.
leaders of micronations will gather at microcon 2015 in los angeles this weekend to represent their self-proclaimed nations. the conference has been dubbed the first north american gathering ofmicronations. the leaders of places with names like molossia, westarctica, vikesland and broslavia will be in attendance. most of the micronation countries have a population of less than 10 and most of their citizens live on the land.
frederic brandt, 65, was found hanged at his home in coral gables, florida, on april 5. more than 200 friends, family and former patients attended hour-long memorial service. friends said he was 'hurt' by a character based on him in netflix comedy show 'the unbreakable kimmy schmidt'    but there was no mention of the show, or appearances by any of his celebrity clients at the memorial.
logan kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in costa teguise when he died. logan was a pupil at bishop challoner catholic college in kings heath, birmingham. emergency services tried in vain to revive him but he died after 'accidental drowning'   he was a centre-half for birmingham city football club's under 13s.
ukip leader nigel farage was out in thanet south today after polls showed he was trailing craig mackinlay by 1%. prime minister and lib dem deputy nick clegg were also on the campaign trail for the general election. mr cameron has been pictured cuddling babies and feeding orphaned lambs.
liftoff of the 208ft falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm from cape canaveral air force station in florida. the company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed rocket from tomorrow but more bad weather is forecast. after liftoff, spacex will attempt to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the atlantic ocean.
shona banda, 37, has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody. the boy made comments during an anti-drug education program at school about his mother's drug use. banda is a medical marijuana activist and author who uses cannabis oil to treat her debilitating crohn's disease. her son was placed in protective custody after police were called to his school for a child welfare check. police took the boy away from his mother and placed him with his father, but when the boy returned he was placed back with his mother. police could face possible charges of possession of marijuana with intent to distribute,
lynarkshire police has urged anyone who has seen the symbols to call them. so far the code has only been spotted in east kilbride, lanarkshire. police took to social media to warn homeowners about the 'housebreakers code' the symbols are thought to be a 'code' for crooks.
anil saxena, from mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of the natural world. the photographer initially retouched his pictures by hand before starting to use photoshop. he has a background in graphic design and cgi. his images blend the everyday with the bizarre to create a surreal take on nature.
art and photography community boredpanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours' by dressing up their newborns. babies are dressed up as characters from sci-fi movies, books, tv shows and comic books. some of the babies have even been dressed up in professional photography shots.
illinois state associate coach torrey ward, meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow were killed in the crash. cessna 414 crashed near bloomington, illinois, shortly after midnight on tuesday. plane was on its way back from ncaa championship game in indianapolis, indiana. isu's deputy director of athletics for external affairs, aaron leetch, was also killed in crash.
havan cob called cody was trapped in a ditch in belvedere, south london, for up to six hours. it took 18 firefighters to free the horse after he went for a swim to cool off. owner tracey hannant said the horse looked like black beauty when it emerged from the ditch.
frances bean cobain, 22, spoke to rolling stone magazine about documentary kurt cobain: montage of heck. she was just 20 months old when her father committed suicide. she said she's not a fan of nirvana and is more into mercury rev and oasis.    she was 'abandoned in the most awful way possible' by her late father.
tommy connolly hadn't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on facebook. the 23-year-old sunshine coast university student took in his homeless cousin angela*. she was 32 weeks pregnant and homeless, illiterate and sleeping rough on the gold coast. mr connolly took her in and is now helping to raise her four-week-old baby boy. he still studies and works three days per week to support the three of them.
britain's got talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow. the reality show returns for a nationwide search for a brit with special talent. but is it really worth signing up? we look back at some of the biggest stars to come out of the show. from diversity and diversity to paul potts and diversity.
the island of saint helena was discovered by juan de nova in 1502. it is 1,200 miles off the south atlantic coast. the only way to reach the island is via the rms st. helena, a royal mail ship. early next year, a £218m airport will open on the island.
spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years. hundreds of 'team leaders' working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year. daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace. david cameron criticised for ramping up aid spending while slashing police, defence and justice.
pastor aracely meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, according to police. she was charged on monday with injury to a child by omission . police believe the child was dead during the ceremony but that his parents took his body to their native mexico for burial without reporting the death.
a garbage truck driver was collecting bins in footscray when the truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole. the man died at the scene. another man has died and two others are fighting for their life in hospital after a car crash in melbourne's east. police say the man was crushed by a garbage truck.
'crystal clear' footage was handed into the metropolitan police by a worker based 50ft from crime scene. it is said to be of a significantly higher quality than the video currently in the public domain. but police have refused to make the images public - despite claims it is the best footage yet. it comes after police were criticised for ignoring alarm that went off four days before raid.
10 stores around britain have been chosen to trial the new halal-only pick and mix counters. a selection of 36 sweets are on sale, all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients. morrisons says it has brought in the idea in response to demand from muslim customers.
james ward, 31, was attacked with an axe at his home in burnley, lancashire. he needed 38 staples to seal wounds all over his body and was left with a severed finger. mr ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return home because he fears his attackers will kill him. a 23-year-old man has been charged with aggravated burglary and gbh.
oxford scientists say a mercury-like body struck the young earth 4.5 billion years ago. the object would have been the heat source for our planet's core. the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon. it also explains where some rare-earth elements came from .
jessica knight, from march, cambridgeshire, eats carpet underlay and the stuffing from soft furnishings. four-year-old suffers from pica, a rare medical disorder that causes an appetite for non-nutritious substances. doctors say they are unable to treat her until she is six years old.
amanda taylor, 24, has been charged with first-degree murder in the murder of her former father-in-law charles taylor,. 59-year-old man was found stabbed to death at his home in north carolina on april 4. police say amanda blamed her husband, rex, for introducing her to drugs at age 15 and driving him to suicide. rex taylor committed suicide by hanging last august after being diagnosed with addiction to drugs. amanda was arrested last sunday after police say she stabbed her acquaintance, sean ball, 32, as the two were fleeing police. taylor was charged with attempted murder, assault and weapons charges in
bernard whalen's new book charts the rise of the new york police department from its beginnings in 1898. the department's first chief of police, william devery, was known as the king of kickbacks. richard entright failed to root out klansmen in his own police force. lewis valentine was a stalwart of the force for more than 30 years who had a reputation for brutality.
bernie madoff allegedly tried to persuade his drug dealer's girlfriend to become his mistress. financier is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion ponzi style fraud. new book claims he put pressure on an israeli model who was dating his dealer silvio eboli to sleep with him. madoff met eboli at a christmas party in 1997 with his son mark, who later committed suicide.
57 per cent of adults in the uk claim to use a discount store like poundland every week. almost half of all people who have visited variety discounters are middle class and among the country's highest earners. 53 per cent are in the top a/b social class and earn more than £35,000-a-year. the'stigma' of shopping in budget stores is disappearing, experts say.
kim kardashian: hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice. users have to build a celebrity empire similar to kim's. game has already been downloaded an estimated 28 million times since june. lindsay lohan and katy perry also have their own celebrity gaming apps.
90 per cent of women will experience period pain in their life time. most 'normal' pain can be treated with ibuprofen or over-the-counter medication. more severe symptoms can point to endometriosis. pain during or after sex, back and leg pain and bleeding between periods are all signs of the condition. it can take up to ten years to diagnose.
edwin 'jock' mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25 at military base in south london. it is claimed he told cousin of alleged victim 'i hope she is as sweet as she looks'   he denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and two rapes at southwark crown court.
explosion on a pacific gas & electric co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside highway 99 in central california. the explosion closed both directions of highway 99 and injured at least 15 people, four of them critically. the blast happened at the fresno county sheriff's gun range.   the flames shot well over 100 feet into the air, witnesses said.
terry mccarty was just six years old when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was accidentally knocked on to him. endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms. he has now overcome his injuries by becoming a firefighter after refusing to let 'fear take over his life'
sarah vine says the bbc need to find a replacement for jeremy clarkson on top gear. she says women love cars just as much as men.'my jeans are too tight and my hairstyle is an exercise in holding back the years' but that's not the reason she'd be perfect for the role.
prince george's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza for makers of royal memorabilia. but experts say the second royal baby will have a more modest increase of £60 to £70m. most of the money will be spent on champagne and cake. royal mint and royal collection trust are planning commemorative coins and mugs.
the unnamed man died from variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease in may 2014. he was a naturalized u.s. citizen originally from the middle east. the man likely contracted the disease over a decade before moving to the united states in the 1990s. he had been misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before he was diagnosed with mad cow disease. he died from the human version of the disease.
peter tait, headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset, claims parents have become 'dervishes' about children's education. he said parents need to trust schools and teachers to allow children to develop naturally. mr tait said modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information.
former another level star dane bowers, 35, is accused of hitting 31-year-old glamour model sophie cahill in front of her young son. bowers charged with common assault in connection with incident in february. he is due to appear before magistrates in south london next month charged with assault. the singer and the former miss wales got engaged in december 2013.
peter hiett is a decorated former prison guard at feltham young offenders institution in hounslow. claims staff would put inmates in cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out differences. he said some workers would stay and watch the fights, while others 'turned a blind eye'   claims echo scenes from 1999 film fight club, in which gangsters organise mass brawls behind bars. he left prison in january last year amid claims he was forced out for trying to raise concerns.
the 37-year-old presenter says she 'accepts' that she will be replaced on the bbc show. she says that as a woman 'what you get is not down to you'    the mother-of-two was told to be 'less present' on the show in 2011 and has defended her image.
photographer anthony barbour, 33, from liverpool, takes his camera everywhere and spends hours taking the pictures. he spends hours slowly rotating in one spot taking 50 pictures and carefully editing them together. his pictures showcase sefton park and one shopping centre, mudeford beach and burley village. he uses a canon 1100d dslr and uses photoshop to stitch and layer the photos together.
niamh geaney, a 26-year-old tv presenter from dublin, teamed up with two male friends on project. launched social media campaign to find her 'twin stranger'   found her match in karen branigan, 29, a fellow ireland native who lives just an hour down the road. both are single and have been chatting on facebook 'constantly'
british company swan has released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron for £279.99. but does it really make ironing easier? tessa cunningham gives her verdict on the best ironing irons for the money.   the super steamer cut her ironing time by half and is lightweight, but is heavy and looks ugly.
stephanie scott was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at leeton high school. local leeton parents have expressed anger over the loss of their children's murder. police are due to begin an autopsy on stephanie's body to determine how she was killed. vincent stanford, 24, was charged with the 26-year-old's murder on thursday. ms scott's body was found in a national park in nsw on friday evening. she was due to marry her fiance aaron leeson-woolley on sunday.
gigi hadid, jing wen, laura james, anna cleveland, ondria hardin, paige reifler and laura ewers are all featured in a fashion and beauty spread for all 32 editions of harper's bazaar. the shoot will appear in all 32 national and international editions of the magazine.
fullips device is a sort of suction-thimble that has gone viral online. inventors linda gomez and her daughter krystle claim it can achieve an angelina jolie-sized pout. but charlotte found the results were not quite as dramatic as she had hoped.
douglas murphy, 47, from brooklyn, new york, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag. a cut so small it was barely visible became infected, triggering the rare infection necrotizing faciitis. surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg when antibiotics began to work. the father-of-two was rushed to hospital and nearly lost his leg.
lesley conman and kerry green's daughters were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook. ms conman's daughter abbie, 12, was sent a message by a man pretending to be a 17-year-old boy. police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed. both mothers contacted humberside police but the force did not take action.
nicola sturgeon is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office. in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership - a boxy, androgynous look. today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into kurt geiger heels.
zhao pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck. both of his parents were killed in the accident in china last march. his mother gave birth at the scene as his mother was killed in a car crash. baby pingan was named china's'miracle baby' after he was born the moment his mother died. he celebrated his first birthday publicly a month after his real birthday on saturday.
dina nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with russian fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto. posed alongside her mother and nemtsov's partner, ekaterina odintsova. her mother hopes her new career will help her to overcome the death of her father boris. boris, 55, died on february 27 when he was shot dead near the kremlin.
neurio device claims to make ‘an ordinary home smart’ and recognises the electronic signature of different devices. it costs $250 (£168) and can be used to monitor energy consumption and control appliances remotely. the device monitors a home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left lights on. when used with another app, neurio can also turn appliances on and off remotely.
ashley jiron, owner of p.b. jams in warr acres, oklahoma, noticed a homeless person was looking through her rubbish. she taped a sign to her diner window asking the person to come for a free meal. greg king noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his instagram page. it has since gone viral and been shared thousands of times on social media. ashley has now launched a pay-it-forward scheme at her diner.
irginia roberts is being sued for defamation by attorney alan dershowitz who wants to see her in jail. model agency owner jean luc brunel is also considering legal action against her. mr brunel says he is 'devastated' by the accusations and wants to take revenge. miss robert claimed she slept with prince andrew while working as a sex slave.
alison saunders said her job as head of crown prosecution service was to make the correct decisions in difficult cases. she was accused of ignoring rights of victims and of perpetrating establishment cover-ups. lord janner should not be charged despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to 1960s.
tv personality was due to host have i got news for you on april 23 to be broadcast the following day. it would have marked his first appearance since being dismissed from top gear. clarkson was dismissed for hitting producer oisin tymon in a 'fracas' at a hotel. producers expect him to return to the show later in the year.
prime minister will today pledge to offer public £4 billion of lloyds shares still held by the government. individuals will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of lloyds banking group shares. shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate. it would be the largest privatisation bonanza since the thatcher era. gordon brown's government paid £20 billion panic bailout with taxpayers' money during 2008 economic crisis.
barry lyttle, 33, pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm after the crown declined to downgrade the charge. barry will now be sentenced at sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years. his brother, patrick, 31, spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother on january 3 in kings cross. patrick was rushed to hospital and spent a week in an induced coma. the brothers have previously called on charges against barry to be dropped.
hannah bluck, 18, has played for the wales youth national teams at u19, u17 and u16 level. she was diagnosed with rare condition avascular necrosis in her distal tibia. doctors warned teen football prodigy her leg could collapse into her ankle. the 18-year-old has been out of the game for two years after suffering a freak accident.
the 44-year-old said she and alice arnold returned to register office where civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006. they did not have a ceremony at chiswick house, west london, nor invite guests. miss balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal.
joselyn alejandra niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the mexican border last sunday. gained notoriety in january when a picture of her with an assault rifle began circulating online. she is the third woman dubbed'skinny girl' to be murdered by a rival cartel.
dorian poe, 11, from burlington, ontario, sent his bear tikko to 24 countries in january 2013 to raise awareness for autism. he was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who sent her teddy bear to travel the world. dorian's bear has raised awareness of autism in his home country of canada.
motaz zaid, 20, was with a friend in parsons green, south west london, in early hours of friday. he was kidnapped, tortured with pliers and forced to drink bleach by masked men. mr zaid was found dumped at the side of the road and remains in hospital with critical injuries. he is currently studying economics at the university of greenwich. his friend, 19, was stabbed several times in the back and legs and was left for dead.
darren humphries, 37, began throwing cadbury mini eggs at wife claire, 31, after drunkenly losing his temper. his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home to see their two children. forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall back into the house. he was jailed for eight weeks at worcester magistrates court for assault by beating and using violence.
samuel tushingham dragged his partner out of bed, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her. district judge bridget knight told him he was 'almost too dangerous' for prison. 26-year-old was given a 26-week suspended sentence at halton magistrates' court. he was ordered to go on a relationship course and carry out 80 hours of unpaid work.
the mirror has obtained the first images of the six-strong gang who raided hatton garden safe deposit ltd. footage shows the gang returned twice in three days to continue their audacious heist. police may have to pay out millions in compensation for ignoring the alarm. scotland yard was forced to admit it could be liable for million in compensation .
loyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer for two years. the 40-year-old ocean photographer captures the surreal moment ocean foam explodes in the air. he takes most of his shots on kiama beach spanning to gerrigong beach on the south coast of nsw. he uses an eos 5d mark iii dslr and numerous lenses to achieve the shots. mr meudells advises other budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works.
far-right afrikaner resistance movement (awb) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of johannesburg to fight for a separate white state. by day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons. but by night they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination. more than 2,000 teenagers have attended the movement's 'endurance' camp over the last two years.
zbigniew huminski, 38, did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged with kidnapping, raping and murdering nine-year-old. huminski was indicted for kidnapping, rape and murder of chloe   he was on his way to england from calais when he killed the schoolgirl on wednesday. the career criminal was supposed to be in prison in poland - but took to the road to travel to france instead. he has a long criminal record in france and poland and was jailed for six years for aggravated assault.
abba star bjorn ulvaeus is opening a restaurant inspired by the popular broadway show in stockholm. the restaurant is set to open in january 2016 and will be a greek taverna. the abba-inspired eatery will be located near abba museum in central stockholm .
arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get 'cib-69' put on a license plate. he was wounded and awarded the purple heart in 1969. the utah division of motor vehicles denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations. he appealed to get the plate, but the appeal was rejected.
adam deacon, 32, appeared in court over allegations of harassment against movie's writer noel clarke on twitter. actor allegedly sent abusive tweets including a death threat to the 2006 film's writer . he was sectioned under mental health act after being charged with possession of a machete in public. deacon was accused of sending a number of abusive tweets from his account to mr clarke's. court heard he referred to writer as a bully and blamed him for trying to ruin his career.
father hamish baillie claims lord janner abused him during a game of hide-and-seek in 1983 when he was aged 15. claims he was molested by the labour peer during a park game in leicester. he said the decision not to prosecute the peer for a fourth time was a 'complete travesty'   director of public prosecutions alison saunders concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead.   she said decision 'beggars belief' and pointed to an establishment cover-up.
mysterious young soldier known as the 'handsome man' has been used to front woolworths' 'fresh in our memories' ad campaign. he was a soldier of the first australian imperial force. the photo of the handsome man was featured in a 2008 war memorial exhibition. the ad campaign has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of anzac. last week the company's website was forcibly shut down by the government. the company failed to seek permission from veterans' affairs to use the word 'anzac' in an ad.
video shows cher lair from apex, north carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker. she and her husband, stephen, had given up on ever having a daughter. lair is set to have her seventh child in august.
police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen afl star ben cousins. at least 300 officers accessed files containing information about daniel kerr, a fellow former west coast eagles player. an internal investigation is underway by west australian police. police officers face up to 12 months in prison or a $12,000 fine for unauthorised computer usage.
pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar, its lowest level since june 2010 - just after the last election. different polls have put the tories and labour narrowly ahead, with david cameron and ed miliband. experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a hung parliament.
jackson byrnes from northern new south wales was told he had a stage four brain tumour. the 18-year-old must raise $80,000 by tuesday night to pay for his life-saving surgery. after seven days of campaigning online, the casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with $47,000 being raised. the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation.
coral jones, 43, received letters demanding her other children be taken into care. she was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing april to play in the street past 7pm. april jones was abducted from outside her home by paedophile mark bridger in 2012. mrs jones has revealed she has been sent hate mail blaming her for the murder. she blames herself for letting her daughter be abducted and killed by bridger.
rona fairhead accused of being 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' by margaret hodge, chairman of the commons public accounts committee. she was criticised over her handling of tax evasion scandal at the bank's swiss division. fairhead, 53, will stand down as director of hsbc while continuing role at bbc trust. she has been on the board since 2004 and will stay on for a further one year.
mohammed suleman khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last april after defrauding the taxman of £450,000. his nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his birmingham home and found plans for a mansion in pakistan. he was ordered to pay back £2.2m within six months but faces ten more years in jail if he does not. khan was jailed for building a mansion inspired by buckingham palace at his home in birmingham.
government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for group b strep. current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk'   it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the uk every year. but a programme at northwick park nhs hospital in north-west london resulted in not a single case of bacteria spreading to infants.
the 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's altona meadows driveway. the man was reported to be a father of six. he was known on facebook under the nickname karl kay. police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police. no eyewitnesses have come forward.
the baird televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system. it was built as an item of furniture for well-to-do families and is expected to fetch up to £22,000 at auction. the wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc and still has its original tube.
more than 300,000 screens went offline at bloomberg's offices in the city of london office. trading across europe and asia was thrown into chaos. government's attempts to sell £3billion of bonds had to be delayed for hours. bloomberg blamed a 'combination of hardware and software failures in the network' for the crash.
labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends.    miliband was surrounded by more than 20 young women screaming 'ed! ed! ed!'   he was mobbed by his toughest trail opponents so far as he was about to be dropped off at chester railway station. the bride was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning wearing a white and blue dress.
marcin wasniewski, 34, from foleshill, coventry, drove into the back of a lorry on the a444 in coventry. he escaped death by millimetres and walked away with just cuts and bruises. paramedics say the crash would've 'certainly been fatal' if the impact was a couple of inches closer to the driver. he believes he was saved by jesus christ watching over him.
'when hillary clinton travels there's going to need to be two planes, one for her and her entourage and another for her baggage,' paul said at a campaign stop in new hampshire today. clinton is running for president and will campaign in the granite state this week. paul warned today that clinton's day of reckoning is coming over her family foundation's donations from foreign actors. the former secretary of state will travel to nashua this weekend for the republican leadership summit.
wade lange and his team living dead clothing has launched a new clothing line for the avengers: age of ultron. the company's website crashed due to the huge demand for the clothing. there are almost 50 items, ranging in price from $45 to $100. the brisbane-based company beat a who's who of global clothing companies to win the marvel clothing licence. the clothing company is already raking in millions on the back of the film.
first time since records began that sales of uk goods have outstripped those to the eu for six months in a row. figures appear to vindicate david cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy. total sales of british goods overseas have fallen to lowest level for nearly five years. it is a major blow to former prime minister tony blair's claim that leaving eu would damage the economy.
lucy scott, from edinburgh, created the book after she had her first baby in 2012. the doodle diary of a new mom chronicles the first year of parenthood. it features 120 illustrations, capturing everything from breastfeeding to sleep deprivation. all of the illustrations are captioned in a wry and honest manner.
sofia vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé nick loeb despite his objections. loeb has filed a lawsuit in california in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf. it is claimed she was 'physically and mentally abusive' to loeb. the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs, which they planned to have children with.
london mayor claims ukip supporters are in 'increasing psychological conflict' over vote for nigel farage. mr johnson warns a vote for ukip is a 'vote for ed miliband'    former prime minister sir john major warns snp represents a'real and present danger' to the future of the uk.   he also urged labour and liberal democrat voters to rally behind the conservatives in thanet.
clinton is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on'sunday afternoon' according to a democratic party source in iowa. the former secretary of state will barnstorm the hawkeye state on twitter and then barnstorm new hampshire. clinton faces no substantial competition – yet – for the democratic nomination in 2016.
a man deliberately drove his dark blue ford falcon ute through the front doors of a police station in the northern territory. the 42-year-old man threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before driving at full speed towards the doors. the man managed to escape in the smashed-up car. the harts range police station was vacant at the time of the incident.
nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under. internet watch foundation experts removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014. the figure soared 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year.
neill buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned to death by elvis kwiatkowski and chas quye, 36. he was a married father of two from south africa who emigrated to britain in 2001. moved in with friends but spiralled into alcohol addiction . the men were obsessed with the hit u.s. television show jackass and were 'obsessed' with extreme pranks. mr buchel's body was cut into ten pieces and dumped in a fishing lake in dagenham, essex, last year. both men were jailed for life at blackfriars crown court today for the murder.
the fbi have released images of an unidentified man they are trying to trace in connection with a child sex abuse probe. police believe the man may have 'critical information' to help rescue a young girl believed to be being abused. images show a 'pre-pubescent blonde girl' who appears to be sexually abused. one picture shows the man posing with the girl, but does not show any abuse taking place. the man has been identified as john doe 29 and is not suspected of carrying out abuse.
between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the west midlands were investigated by police. 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences. two-year old boys were believed to be behind assaults in both 2013 and 2014. police admit some of the figures may be 'inaccurate' due to human error.
jamie richardson, 38, and daniel taylor, 37, fined $3,000 for using threatening behaviour. flight from london to mexico was forced to divert to bermuda after disturbance. one man allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew. the other was accused of hitting himself on the head with clenched fists. both men pleaded guilty to the charges and could face a four-month jail term.
patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist from springville, utah, who specialises in creating incredibly-detailed oil paintings. the us artist takes up to 300 hours to complete each piece of artwork. he works from photos and builds up layers of oil paint to achieve the incredible level of detail.
phil rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis. he changed his plea to guilty ahead of sentencing at tauranga district court.    the maximum sentence for the charges carries a maximum jail term of seven years in new zealand. rudd was remanded on bail until sentencing on june 26.
william 'wild bill' wilson and his wife lillian karr wilson died just two minutes apart from each other this week. both lillian, 89, and bill were alzheimer's patients and had to live in separate nursing homes. the couple first met in corbin, kentucky and were high school sweethearts. according to their son doug, their parents ran off to get married without either of their parents' blessing. they survived a war and a number of relocations.
durham university scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy. dark matter is thought to account for 85 per cent of the matter in the universe. until now, it was thought dark matter did not interact with anything other than gravity. but researchers at the university found a clump offset from a galaxy by 5,000 light-years. this suggests dark matter interacts with itself through forces other thangravity. the discovery was made around one of the galaxies in the abell 3827 cluster, 1.3 billion light- years away.
columbia journalism school of journalism released 12,000-word review of the discredited story. sabrina rubin erdely is not expected to lose her job over her reporting of alleged rape at virginia frat house. she reported that a student named jackie claimed to have been gang raped by seven men. but the story was roundly discredited after it was published in november. experts at columbia said the story fell apart because of 'basic, routine' failures of journalism. but rolling stone publisher jann wenner said no-one will lose their jobs over the story.
property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring a great kitchen design. judges judged the kitchens on the block last week and took into account what buyers look for in a kitchen.    a kitchen is a balance between a warm and inviting design combined with practical efficiency.
shelley dufresnein from st charles parish, louisiana, took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of serving any jail time for having sex with a 16-year-old student. she posted a celebratory selfie on instagram after learning she avoided jail. however she still faces charges she had a threesome with the same student and another teacher. she will undergo a 90-day inpatient mental health treatment program, surrender her teacher's license and stay away from the victim and his family.
bbc documentary inside harley street interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments. michael pulman, 33, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem. andrea carter, 72, has had a number of cosmetic treatments over the years.   andrea, from leighton buzzard, wants to have her jowls removed.
shop owner believed to be from mozambique has died from his injuries in xenophobic attacks in south africa. at least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in the city of durban. police have made 30 arrests overnight but police are struggling to control the gangs who have torched cars and shops in johannesburg. south african president jacob zuma has called for an end to the attacks on immigrants.
destiny cooke, 16, and lajahia cooke,. 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by a crowd of people in a park in trenton, new jersey. people can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'let her get her!' destiny said police just'stayed in their cars' and stared as the girls were beaten. one girl ripped out her earring and another's mother threw a rock at her ear.
more than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese. two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv. british heart foundation wants to ban junk food adverts being shown before the 9pm watershed. dr sally norton criticised coca-cola's sponsorship of the london eye.
labour's deputy leader harriet harman and tory chancellor both went to st paul's school in london. mr osborne said 'the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin' when coming from her. labour leader insisted tories were only'standing up for people at the top'   she has repeatedly accused the tories of being 'completely out of touch' with the nhs.
snp leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for foreign policy, welfare payments and energy bills. several of her election pledges overlap with labour policy, including slashing tuition fees in england from a maximum of £9,000 a year to £6,000.   snp also wants the uk to formally recognise palestine as a state and roll back competition in the english nhs.
reclaim australia, an anti-islam group, organised protests against the 'islamisation' of australia. police were forced to separate supporters and opposing protesters at separate rallies across the country. a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters. a man with a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi was pictured standing up to a man who was trying to stop a fight. the images were taken during a protest against the anti-nazis in melbourne.
in recent years, the chernobyl nuclear explosion site and nearby ghost town of pripyat, ukraine, have seen an increase in tourist interest. visits to the 50-kilometre exclusion zone are highly regulated, but day trips and even overnight stays are permitted.    the area is one of the world's most famous 'dark tourism' sites, and is popular with photographers.
nathan brown, 19, was working with his father david, an experienced electrician, at eurofabs uk in rochdale. he accidentally touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane. nathan fell 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane. he was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries.
the world's last northern white rhino, sudan, is under 24-hour armed guard at a reserve in kenya. rangers risk their lives to keep him safe from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory. they have even cut off his horn to deter poachers - but fear it won't be enough. he is one of only five northern white rhinos left in the world. attempts at breeding have been unsuccessful - and he is now getting old.
the coachella valley music and arts festival costs an average of £187 per day according to travel money specialist no.1 currency. belgium's tomorrowland festival is the second most expensive with £186 per day. england's glastonbury is the third most expensive festival with a £113 per day cost. exit serbia is the best value festival with just £1.54 per day for all four days.
rachelle owen, 16, died after being struck by a train close to hoylake station, wirral, on friday night. friends said she 'just wanted to be with her mother' kay diamond, 44, was found dead in february after being allegedly murdered. a 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial.
john daniels, 61, from dunsfold in surrey, has decades of experience working with animals. he used clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the pictures of puppies and other animals. his work is the perfect way to celebrate national pet day, which takes place tomorrow.
snp leader nicola sturgeon said the 'direction of travel' was towards independence. but prime minister david cameron warned of 'frightening' prospect of snp holding labour to ransom. prime minister urged people to vote tactically to keep a labour-snp government out of power. snp leader refused to rule out second referendum on breaking up the union.
kevin bollaert, 28, was facing 20 years after being found guilty of extortion and identity theft for running a'revenge porn' website. he charged victims to pay to have nude images and personal information removed from his site. more than 10,000 images of women were posted on the site. he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion. the judge sentenced him to 18 years in prison.
fashion designer georgina chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business. weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting ambra battilana, 22, during a march 27 business meeting at his tribeca office in manhattan. police overheard a phone call between she and weinstein in which he said 'it won't happen again'   a spokesman for chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they spent the weekend together as a family.
danielle and alexander meitiv's son rafi, 10, and daughter dvora, 6, were picked up by police on sunday for the second time in two months after being found walking alone in a maryland park. the parents say cps workers kept the children in custody for six hours without food before reuniting them with their parents.    the parents have been cited multiple times for allowing their children to roam free in their suburban neighborhood.
kenton lee, from nampa, idaho, came up with the idea while working in nairobi in kenya. the shoe that grows uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand by five sizes. it has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand. a single pair costs $30 but buying 100 pairs reduces the cost to $12. mr lee is working with an organisation called because international to send the shoes to orphanages.
a. alfred taubman died on friday night at his home after a heart attack. he was convicted in 2001 of conspiring to fix commissions at sotheby's and christie's. he spent a year in jail and was fined $7.5 million.   he was a philanthropist who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums.
chancey allen luna, 17, was found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of christopher lane. lane was shot in the back while out for a jog in duncan, oklahoma, on august 16, 2013. the jury recommended that luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole. as he was being led out of the courtroom, luna told reporters he was'sorry'   lane's defense lawyer contended that the teen meant only to scare lane when he shot at him from a moving car.
nsw state emergency service is preparing for damaging winds to hit parts of new south wales over the next two days. winds of up to 100km/h are expected to hit sydney metropolitan, hunter and illawarra. residents in victoria and queensland are bracing for what could be the coldest april week in six years. melbourne residents are set to endure a cold week until anzac day with lows of 7 degrees and highs of 19 degrees.
sergeant norman turgel, 24, fell in love with emaciated polish girl gena, 20, in bergen-belsen concentration camp. major leonard berney was the commanding officer of liberated belsen camp and played cupid for the pair. the camp was liberated by the british army 70 years ago this week. gena and norman were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary.
40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it. only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens, with the average containing just four species. one in ten households has a hot tub in the garden.
the coach erupted into flames on the a2 slip road to the m25 motorway near dartford in kent this morning with only the driver on board. fire crews spent an hour trying to tackle the fire and were forced to close the slip road. the fire is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach.
jessica cleland, 19, committed suicide after she was bullied over facebook by two teenage boys.   her parents are campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously in victoria and australia. jessica's parents say the two boys should be held accountable for their actions under cyber bullying laws. victoria already has anti- bullying laws, but no charges have been filed against the teens.
tortoiseshell mimi became an internet sensation after owner uploaded video of her playing volleyball to facebook. the one-year-old cat was picked to star in a national tv advert after being shared by thousands of people. mimi is seen playing volleyball with her owner joshua teague, 15, in the hallway.
lorraine kelly, 55, has dropped two dress sizes from a 14 to a 10. the breakfast tv presenter attends regular zumba classes up to four times a week with instructor maxine jones. she said the classes have helped her drop the weight. the scottish presenter ran the london marathon back in 2010.
blur frontman damon albarn said modern pop stars are part of a'selfie generation' that just sings about platitudes. the 47-year-old was the driving force behind britpop in the 1990s. he said pop stars could be using their music to make political statements in the run up to the election. blur release their new album the magic whip later this month.
us giant morgan stanley said a labour government reliant on scottish nationalists would create the 'greatest uncertainty' of any election result.    labour would be 'dragged to the left' by snp and labour would abandon its pledge to manage the public finances carefully. second major bank, goldman sachs, also raised concerns about the same outcome.
a new study has revealed the changing habits of british weddings. religious services have fallen out of favour and brides are opting for bold colour schemes. 18 per cent of us are now choosing to honeymoon in the uk compared to 8 per cent five years ago. just seven per cent allowed parents to pay the entire bill for a wedding.
sir bruce forsyth said it can be'more cruel to do nothing' than to let someone die. veteran entertainer said he wants people to be able to 'die with a bit of dignity left'    he helped to secretly nurse his first wife penny calvert as she suffered with dementia until her death last year. sir bruce, 87, said people should not be 'left to suffer'
peter barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to chiltern railways over two-and-a-half years. he travelled from his oxfordshire home to london marylebone but pretended to have travelled from wembley. the barrister admits six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year.
asda’s piri piri chicken pasta salad contains 46.5g of fat - more than the 43.3g found in a burger king whopper. consumer group which? found sandwiches and pasta salads contain more fat, calories and sugar than burgers and pizzas. some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than junk foods from the likes of mcdonalds, burger king and pizza express.
nick loeb has filed a lawsuit in california in a bid to prevent sofia vergara from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf. it is claimed the modern family actress was 'physically and mentally abusive' to him. loeb, 39, is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed. court documents claim the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in november 2013. the actress is now engaged to blood hunk joe manganiello and there are rumours the couple are planning to have children.
italian artist johannes stoetter has painted two naked models to look like a chameleon. the 37-year-old has previously painted models into frogs and parrots. it took him six hours to complete the piece of art. the models can't change the colour of their body paint.
danielle busby gave birth to five girls by c-section at houston's woman's hospital of texas on april 7. they are the first all-girl quintuplets to be born since 1969. all five girls are doing well and are still in an incubator. danielle and her husband adam busby said they are in shock but delighted a week after the birth.
young star wars fan was at star wars celebration convention in anaheim, california when he was approached by r2d2. the robot followed him around the corridor and began to dance in time with the child. the child can be heard giggling loudly and uncontrollably as he dances with the robot.
uss theodore roosevelt and the uss normandy left the persian gulf on sunday and are heading through the arabian sea towards yemen. the vessels are believed to be joining other u.s. ships that are poised to intercept any iranian ships carrying weapons to the houthi rebels. the navy has been beefing up its presence in the gulf of aden amid reports that eight iranian vessels are heading toward yemen and possibly carrying arms.
toyal lotus technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop yoghurt from sticking to pots. german maker toyo aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 du pont awards for packaging innovation. the lid was inspired by lotus leaves that repel water to prevent being weighed down by rain. the toyal lotus lid's surface creates a contact angle of 170 degrees to stop liquids sticking to lids of pots.
dwayne harvard, 46, had an argument with steven sutton, 36, sunday night in springdale, pennsylvania. the two men were arguing over harvard giving sutton's girlfriend, anna mazzetti, a ride home. harvard drove through seven towns with sutton on the hood of his 2002 ford explorer. he was charged with aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and dui. however harvard maintains he is not the one who should have been arrested.
giant concrete arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the us. the arrows were placed at the base of beacons to help pilots find their way. the us postal service used surplus war planes to deliver mail after world war one. retired couple brian and charlotte smith have found 102 of the giant arrows across america. they have travelled across the country to photograph the monuments.
phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders in 2002. his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost 'for raising him for the last 18 years' after he was drafted. he bought his mother a house instead, but she rented it to his aunt for seven years. he said his relatives also asked him for money, claiming they needed a check to pay for repairs and bills. he moved out of his mother's house at 17 because he no longer 'felt secure' in the home his mother was living in. he discussed the incident in his recently released book new money: stay rich.
met office said most of britain has basked in sunshine today and will continue to enjoy good weather until wednesday. mercury is predicted to soar to 21c tomorrow - hotter than ibiza, athens and barcelona. some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest april ever as britons cool off.
polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers. camellias are easy to grow, but picky about soil. i grow 250 wild species and hundreds of garden varieties of camellia. they are amazingly versatile and can be grown in containers and conservatory gardens.
number of deaths every year in britain will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades, says old age think tank. funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent in the past 10 years and are set to rise further. more than half of uk households have less than £3,000 in savings.
the duffel bag was found shortly before 8am on saturday near a biotechnology company's building in cambridge, massachusetts. surveillance footage led police to an apartment complex across the street where more human remains were found in a common area. all of the remains are believed to belong to one person. police announced that a person has been arrested in the case but no details have been released.
the ten houses in australia that won't sell after being on the market for up to two years have been revealed. this includes a one-bedroom home in oberon, central west of nsw, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000. a report by sqm research found the properties have been heavily discounted. a four-bedroom property in queensland has seen a 45 per cent cut in its asking price.
diane morris, 46, is engaged to mike holpin, 56, who has boasted of having children with 20 women. she claims her and mike's sex life is 'great' and they are 'crazy for each other'   she has brushed off claims he still uses dating website plenty of fish to meet more women for casual sex.
luxury concierge service, bluefish, is offering the once-in-a-lifetime trip to explore the wreck of the titanic at the bottom of the atlantic ocean. the trip costs £41,000 ($60,000)   more than 40 people have so far booked the trip to the site of the shipwreck. the tour takes in a series of lectures and briefings to learn about the ship in depth.
five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in south wales in one month. emergency services took more than 1,600 calls for grass fires from friday to monday. police called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires.
bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri on the south coast of cyprus. it could be the only black flamingo of its kind in the world and is believed to be heading to turkey to breed. the migratory bird was spotted feeding in a group of traditionally pink birds.
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in cameron park, california. guinness world records has confirmed peter weber jr.'s feat. weber was a flight cadet in 1943 and retired as a lieutenant colonel in 1970. he flew in both world war ii and the vietnam war and served as a korean war flight instructor. he has said he flies 'at least twice a month' and still has his driver's license.
a 14-year-old boy from blackburn, lancashire arrested on suspicion of helping to plot a terror attack in australia. police say he communicated with australian men over a plan to attack police in melbourne on anzac day. greater manchester police intercepted communications between the two men and tipped off authorities. five men from melbourne were arrested over the alleged plot and charged with terror offences. police are now working to shore up security for a string of events in london this saturday.
jet airways flight 9w2423 landed at khajuraho airport in madhya pradesh with 59 passengers and eight crew on board. left wing landing gear appeared to collapse and left engine scraped along the runway. crew ordered evacuation and passengers were forced to slide down inflatable slides to safety.
one child is dead after a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday. two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died. the car left a parking lot at the ports o' call entertainment area of san pedro and ran off the road at berth 73 of the port. two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived.
deep brain stimulation is already used to treat parkinson's, but now researchers believe it could be used to improve brain function. technique can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed in the brain. experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall after 24 hours. it is used to enhance the growth of brain cells and ward off diseases like dementia.
fashion designer alannah hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma. her doctor spotted a tiny freckle on her foot and diagnosed her with the cancer. hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh. she is taking a three-month break from her fashion label louise love to recuperate. hill's doctor encouraged her to speak out to educate others on the disease.
families on the high green estate in sheffield, south yorkshire, say they are being 'held to ransom' by yobs shooting at homes and cars with air rifles and bb guns. residents claim one woman who confronted the yobs was allegedly shot at by the gang. cctv footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other.
the video was created by the washington-based american chemical society (acs) as part of its reactions series. it covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops. scientist reveals how gin and vodka dilute red wine stains, why vinegar is good at removing glass and how spit can be used to remove food stains.
parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria must have their identities hidden. include three terror suspects and a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter's passport. critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and a risk to the public.
john coyne, 56, ran prince of wales pub in harrow road, central london, attacked his 25-year-old victim. victim had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year and woke to find coyne raping him. coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent.
kellogg's warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes. cereal giant effectively paid no corporation tax in britain in 2013 as payments to hmrc were wiped out by tax credits elsewhere. kellogg’s makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to british families.
beth hall, 24, from cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lbs after being bullied at school. at the height of her anorexia, she would live on just 10 calories a day. she would go up to three days without eating a single thing - or even work in a chocolate shop. she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic after developing a kidney infection. she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university.
eli and silas keslar, 18-month-old twin boys from yuma, arizona, died after falling into a canal on friday morning. their mother was walking with her sons along the canal bank when she tried to swat away a bee and let go of their stroller. the stroller rolled into the water and the boys were pulled from the water an hour later. the boys have been identified as eli and silas keslar and their mother, alexis. the twins were rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead.
former prime minister said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down. he told newsweek magazine his latest ambition is to recruit former heads of government to advise presidents and prime ministers. mr blair said he wanted to emulate ex-israeli president shimon peres who is still politically active aged 91.
manuel garza jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing san antonio police officer john 'rocky' riojas in february 2001. garza, 35, was given the death sentence after killing the 37-year-old officer. he is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in texas this year.
mark hamill, who played luke skywalker in the original star wars films, said he had some reservations about the director of star wars: the force awakens, j.j. abrams. hamill said he was 'cautiously optimistic' about abrams, who was a'star trek' fan. the actor said he knew he had to say yes to the role of luke when george lucas told him about the new film.
joel wilkinson, three, was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy six months ago. his muscles will slowly waste away and he will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20. his sister phoebe, five, adores him and cares for him as much as possible. he was diagnosed after his parents noticed he was struggling to walk.
national grid has revealed the uk's first new pylon for nearly 90 years called the t-pylon. it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons. but it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts - and will be used for clean energy purposes. national grid is building a training line of six of the new towers at their eakring training academy in nottinghamshire.
apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a virginia-based nonprofit, the conservation fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the east coast. the tech giant is also investing in chinese solar power and preserving american forests that make environmentally friendly paper. apple already met a self-imposed goal of powering all its u.s. operations with renewable energy.
jody marson has been named as the prison guard who had an affair with kieran loveridge. it was revealed last month loveridge was moved to goulburn supermax prison after he was convicted of killing thomas kelly in a one-punch attack in 2012. the 21-year-old is believed to have had a relationship with port macquarie woman. corrective services nsw has launched an investigation into the matter. ms marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they witnessed the alleged affair. loveridge is serving 14 years for mr kelly's manslaughter.
katie prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in september 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant. doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. her husband dalton, 23, has already received new lungs, but katie is waiting as kentucky medicaid will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs. the couple married as teens in 2011 and followed their hearts.
vera maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over a four-year period at a hospital in rumburk, czech republic. she was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last august. but has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 following a police investigation. all of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital. dubbed 'nurse death' by local media, she injected potassium straight into the blood stream of her elderly patients.
solomon khoorban, 33, attacked a 16-year-old at equinox nightclub in leicester square, london, in 2003. he punched her so hard in the face she was knocked unconscious. two months later he raped a second woman at knifepoint in greenwich. both rapes were reported to police but former soldier was not caught. it took detectives more than a decade to link him to the attacks and he was jailed for 16 years. he was a former soldier based at woolwich barracks and was a 'violent sexual predator'
zodiac aerospace spoke to 30 flight attendants from four different continents to create the bunk bed design. the lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for cabin crew. each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit and air conditioning. the design was revealed at aircraft interiors expo in hamburg.
kristen lindsey, 31, who lives in brenham, texas, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral. but a local rescue center say the cat was domesticated and had been missing for two weeks. she posted the image of her holding the dead cat on facebook and said it was her 'first bow kill'   she later lost her job at the washington animal clinic after the image began circulating online. local prosecutors are now considering whether she should face criminal charges.
mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to hillary clinton. de blasio was campaign manager of her u.s. senate bid in 2000, but has yet to endorse her as the democrats' presidential candidate. he refused to back clinton in an interview last week, hours before she announced her candidacy.
boy, 13, pleaded guilty to stabbing christopher barry twice in the chest outside his home in edmonton, north london. mr barry, 53, was stabbed after a row with boy and his friends outside a block of flats. the boy was a member of the notorious wood green gang and was jailed for more than 11 years.   the boy became enraged when mrbarry would not let the boy and friends into the block of flat where he lived. the teenager pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed the builder as he got into a lift following a row.
zipporah lisle-mainwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on her £15million kensington townhouse 'to get her own back'   she is the daughter of a second world war hero pilot, flying officer george reicher royde, who was shot down in 1943. she has fallen out with family of her late husband robert, who accuse her of failing to pass on inheritance.
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. the video surfaced on reddit on monday evening. during the 40 seconds or so of footage quaid calls his co-workers unprofessional, zombies and pussies. as one voice off camera tries to calm the actor down, quaid yells, 'don't f**king dennis me'
internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger, regional networks. the brain operates in a similar way, the researchers found. first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another. found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a russian nesting doll. discovery is the result of 40 years' worth of research on rat brains.
the chalke valley history festival attracts more than 30,000 visitors to wiltshire field each year. lord fellowes will give a unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama. other speakers at the festival include david starkey, claire tomalin, kate mosse and sir ranulph fiennes.
peter gale was fired from nonsuch high school for girls in cheam, surrey, due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures. he was appointed to run the school in september 2013 after the mysterious departure of previous headteacher. his contract was terminated for 'inappropriate' and 'unprofessional' behaviour.
ethan czahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for jeb bush for making offensive tweets. he has launched ‘clear’ which removes any posts that might cause problems with your current or future employer. users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them.
vincent stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of stephanie scott, a high school teacher in leeton. he led a secret life online and uploaded more than 65 videos of his online video games. he created an online alter ego to use in gaming and fantasy forums characters. he wrote scripts for his favourite tv series, stargate. he signed petitions to save violent galactic warfare games. his identical twin brother moved to leeton 13 months ago to live with his family.
jeremy clarkson, 54, was fired in march after attacking a producer during filming on bbc2 show. presenter gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who supported him after his sacking. but he said he would'miss' fronting the motoring show, saying 'everyone's upset'   it came as former presenter angela rippon, 70, said she would be keen to return to the show if invited back. she first presented the show 38 years ago and said it would be 'great' if she was invited back to front top gear. bbc bosses are said to be desperately trying to hold onto james may and richard hammond
louise shepherd, 31, from cobham, surrey, was hiking through a national park in north-west bolivia with her sister and a friend. she had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world. she was killed when a tree toppled onto her during a storm in the madidi national park.
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be raped by the man in leeds. he is wanted for attempted murder and rape after leaving her for dead. man had already stalked three other women the night of the attack. police have released footage of the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night.
the opening day of the championships at randwick racecourse has been moved to monday. officials said the turf was too dangerous to compete on. 25,000 punters were expected to show on saturday but the field was empty. officials have moved the $10 million program from saturday's opening day. ticket-holders have the option of a refund if they don't want to attend the event.
president barack obama and cuban president raul castro spoke on the phone wednesday ahead of an anticipated 'interaction' at the seventh summit of the americas. it will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange. the two presidents spoke by phone on wednesday for only the second, known time in years. the leaders of the united states and cuba have not had any significant meetings since cuba's 1959 revolution.
harvey weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway play finding neverland in new york city on wednesday night. it has been almost a month since an italian model accused movie executive weinstein of groping her. the couple have been spotted out together numerous times since the alleged incident. the play received disastrous reviews from critics and is based on the film of the same name.
18-year-old hampton park man charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for terrorist acts'   man was one of five men arrested after police foil anzac day terror plot in melbourne on saturday. police found swords and knifes in the homes of four of the men. the men planned to run down a police officer before using a knife to stab him to death. it comes as a british teenager has been arrested on suspicion of helping to plot the attack.
series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages to woo voters. women told they are 'vital to the success of the british economy' while pensioners praised for 'wealth of experience'    tory candidates told to praise teachers as 'the best we have ever had' and tell farmers of economic plan. letter templates are aimed at 'target groups' including farmers, pensioners, teachers and parents.
cookery show miniature space has taken the internet by storm. it shows how to make mini versions of classic foods in the tiniest kitchen in the world. the latest video shows a chef making a miniature strawberry cake with frosting, sprinkles and strawberries. the mini space cooking videos are filmed in the bijou area.
naked bodies of alleged attackers were driven around garissa in a pickup truck from the mortuary to a primary school. hundreds gathered to look at the bodies of the men accused of killing 148 at garissa university college. it comes as survivor cynthia cheroitich, 19, who spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive, was rescued. she was rescued after being rescued by kenyan police.
daphne selfe, 86, stars in new campaign for vans and & other stories with flo dunn, 22. daphne is dubbed the 'world's oldest supermodel' and has starred in campaigns since 1949. she has never had any surgery and shies away from botox.
elena curtin of portland was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault. she came home and found her boyfriend's ex-girlfriend shooting heroin in her bathroom. curtin, 23, was 'completely justified in her outrage'   she was set to go to trial this week but prosecutors dropped the charge on monday.
the queen's horse ring of truth was narrowly pipped to the post in the maiden stakes at newbury. the monarch was wearing a fuchsia suit and a matching hat. she appeared nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box. later in the afternoon, her horse capel path came in third. sheikh mohammed of dubai also ran in the dubai duty free spring trials.
'i think i have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. i'll own up to that,' the kentucky senator told cnn anchor wolf blitzer yesterday. paul admitted that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters and that 'interviews should be questions and not editorializing'   the republican presidential candidate is on the defensive after an acrimonious exchange with today host savannah guthrie on wednesday morning.   paul said he was 'annoyed' with her and told her to 'calm down' and that she'editorialized' on foreign policy issues.
graham leonard was returning to scotland after attending a manchester united football match. grabbed the pa microphone on a private charter flight and started singing on the tannoy system. threw a hot towel at one of the stewardesses during the flight. on arrival at aberdeen airport he deliberately set off the fire alarm causing an evacuation. he admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers and setting off the alarm.
wcco this morning reporter ashley roberts' boyfriend, justin mccray, was surprised on air during a segment on wedding costs. ashley's co-workers helped arrange for her boyfriend to come out after a discussion about engagement rings. justin proposed to her during the segment, and she said yes.
the tiny home is sandwiched between two other properties on a leafy street in islington, north london. it is only 5ft wide in some areas and its maximum width is 8ft 8in - the size of a rugby player's shoulders. it has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, a shower room and a garden. the property has sold for £750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001.
daria rose, 18, immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in october 2012. rose, from hempstead, new york, was accepted into all seven of the eight ivy league schools she applied to . rose plans to study political science and russian literature at one of the schools.
the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures on the psychedelic cover of the 1967 album. it was signed by all four band members and was gifted to a photography assistant. the gnome cost £3,000 - equivalent to £50,000 in today's money - to produce.
two wi members spent 11 days baking 44 cakes to feed 5,000 women attending centenary celebrations at the royal albert hall in june. but the wi has been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes.   the gesture would incur a ‘sampling charge’ of £2,500 because the centenary cake has fallen foul of the hall’s sponsorship rules.
town halls fail to recalibrate some of 100,000 parking ticket machines in the uk to accept new coins. 240 machines in manchester still do not accept new 5p and 10p coins brought in three years ago. drivers must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking. town hall bosses in the city are pocketing thousands of pounds extra from parking machines.
victor agbafe, 17, is a student at cape fear academy in wilmington, north carolina. he was accepted into all eight ivy league schools and could go to stanford or duke. he hopes to become a neurosurgeon and plans to double major in microbiology and economics. another high school student, harold ekeh of long island, was also accepted.
michigan micro mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across. contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light. can act as a smart sensor, and give everyday objects computing capabilities. could be used for personal security and information.
wellington's inaugural cubadupa festival shut down streets and spanned several blocks at the weekend. the capital city put on a colourful party for more than 100 different performances. wellington's iconic cuba street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists. the massive scale festival was the first of its kind in several years.
gerard t. 'the frenchman' ouimette was diagnosed with lung cancer and died in his sleep at a federal prison in north carolina after spending 46 years behind bars. he was convicted of extortion in 1996 and was the first criminal in new england sentenced to life in prison without parole. he had close ties to crime boss raymond l.s. patriarca and was suspected of having a role in up to eight murders. he 'ran' the federal prison and even had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis.
boy was held in blackburn after police raided a house in manchester on thursday. he was arrested on suspicion of preparing for an act of terrorism. a 16-year-old girl was arrested after police raid house in longsight, manchester, on friday. both were bailed until may 28 as part of the investigation.
police were led to the site where stephanie scott's remains were found by the family of her accused killer. detectives were pointed to cocoparra national park by the mother and brother of vincent standford. her body was discovered on friday evening in a national park in nsw. the leeton school teacher was last seen on easter sunday. on saturday, the day she was due to marry fiance aaron leeson-woolley, a memorial was held for the 26-year-old. it has emerged that ms scott sent an email to the bus company hired for her wedding.
eileen mason and margaret seabrook, 75, had been to lunch club meeting in swindon, wiltshire. 'evil looking' man tried to rob them of the contents of their mobility scooter baskets. mrs mason shouted 'oh no, you don't' and ran over the would-be robber with her scooter. the man was knocked to the ground and the pair sped off on their motorbikes.
scientists at the niels bohr institute at the university of copenhagen found that large amounts of ice were at the martian poles and likely towards the equator. a thick layer of dust on mars covers the glaciers, so they appear as the surface of the planet. radar measurements show that there are glaciers composed of frozen water underneath the dust. there is more than 150 billion cubic metres of ice on mars, which could cover the entire surface of mars with 1.1 metres.
dusan bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the girl's phone only to discover it was switched off. he repeatedly punched her in the stomach causing her to lose their unborn baby. bako hit the girl 'like a boxer' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried the baby. he was jailed for four years and eight months at manchester crown court.
only 44 per cent of hillary clinton's 3.6 million twitter followers are real people who are active on the social media platform. at least 544,000 of the former secretary of state's followers are fake. clinton has more than 46,000 facebook 'likes' but more than half of them list 'baghdad, iraq' as their hometown. just 4% of president barack obama's twitter fans are fake, according to a popular online audit tool.
queensland resident roxy walsh discovered a sentimental ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali. she launched a social media campaign to find the owner of the gold jewellery. ms walsh will be meeting with the couple this weekend to return the ring. the ring was engraved with a heartwarming message: 'darling joe, happy 70th birthday 2009, love jenny'
olivia bazlinton, 13, and charlotte thompson, 14, died at elsenham station, essex, in december 2005. they were struck by an express train and died after being hit by a train at level crossing. the girls' parents had planned to challenge network rail bosses over their bonuses and passenger safety.
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes. the clip was uploaded by youtube user honda4ridered .
the former secretary of state gave details of her daughter chelsea's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir, hard choices, released days before she is expected to announce her presidential run. hillary clinton said she was 'unabashedly giddy' at the birth of her granddaughter charlotte clinton last september. she revealed that she saw tears in her husband bill's eyes after the birth. she said her daughter was far more organized and relaxed about the birth than she was.
carol chandler, 53, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s at st paul's school. she is charged with three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency. five people have been charged by officers from investigating child sex abuse at the school.
david totton, 36, admitted driving a rented white peugeot rcz into the doors of club liv in manchester. he was trying to act as 'peace-maker' after his friend was refused entry to the club. but bouncers closed and locked the doors and refused to let the man in.    he tried to claim the attack was meant as 'a joke' but a judge at manchester crown court ruled it was 'deliberate' and banned him from driving for three years. he survived being shot in the head in 2006 as part of a gangland assassination attempt and has a history of violence.
anarda de la caridad perez friman, 37, and her partner john joseph shannon, 31, were found dead in gibraltar. couple's six-week-old baby and her daughter, four, were also found dead. police believe she stabbed her partner and the two children before taking her own life. police say she was'suffering from post-natal depression' at the time of the gruesome killings.
british children's cookbook guru annabel karmel says pete evans' bone broth recipe is dangerous and ill advised. she is against the paleo diet and says it goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts advise. she says babies need breast milk or formula and bone broth is not the right food for them. she doesn't believe in fads and is against sugar free, paleo and low carb diets.
australia's foreign minister julie bishop wore a headscarf during her visit to iran. she is the highest-ranking official to visit iran in 12 years.    the foreign minister said she did so out of respect for the culture. she later defended her choice to wear a scarf, saying 'you respect the culture wherever you are'   she is not required by law to cover her head, but westerners are not required to.
an elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot when she was leaving a class at university of texas, pan american. the psychology graduate student was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors tried to cross the mexican border. she was released unharmed the following day after one of the kidnappers introduced her to his mother who helped her escape to another location. miguel angel cruz navarro was reportedly the ringleader of the kidnapping and was sentenced to 34 years in prison in 2014.
larry reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. monday on u.s. highway 95 near the edge of boulder city city limits in nevada. he was charged with driving drunk and hitting a police officer. larry was also charged with battery of a officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol. senator harry reid, 73, announced last week that he will not seek re-election.
lance corporal leonard keysor, 30, was awarded a victoria cross medal for his 48-hour effort during world war i. he threw live turkish bombs back at the enemy to save the lives of his comrades. lcpl keysor served in the trenches at lone pine in gallipoli and was awarded the vc for his bravery. the 30-year-old served as a clerk and was a cricketing fan before the war. his grand niece said he was a humble man who did not think he was special.
valerie rutty altered invoices by increasing the prices of work she had commissioned at irlam primary school. 60-year-old stole almost £3,500 from the fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils over three years. she was handed a four-month prison sentence, suspended for 12 months.
dame barbara hakin was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about impact of targets on patients. national director of commissioning operations for nhs england was criticised for the gagging of whistleblower gary walker. she was investigated by the general medical council, which concluded there was no case to answer. but the gmc is now reviewing part of decision and appointing independent expert to consider if investigation went ‘far enough’    she was in charge of east midlands strategic health authority and criticised for gagging whistleblower while she was a former bradford gp.
mark and spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 miraval rose wine from the superstars' vineyard. it is produced at the couple's chateau miraval estate, where they married in august last year. the wine has received rave reviews from wine critics and is available in selected m&s stores.
39 per cent of voters now say they will back the conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for labour, according to pollsters icm. it comes after the tories unveiled key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax. ed miliband launched labour's manifesto in manchester today.    the tory party have jumped three per cent in the last month – while labour has dropped two points.
pop star posted the image of the iron lady on instagram before quickly deleting it just moments later. madonna, 56, thanked the former prime minister and 'thanked' her for her service. some of her fans took umbrage to the photo, reminding her that thatcher enacted legislation that banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988. she has a large gay fanbase and was named one of the greatest gay icons of all time. thatcher established section 28 of the local government act 1988 - a legislation that was considered anti-gay.
bbc investigation claims branded painkillers are using 'clever marketing' to make patients spend more. uk over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5 billion. dr chris van tulleken says some brands may contain exactly the same pills in different packaging.
joseph devaney, 23, and kieron rolstron, 22, stormed into the home of john and emma evans in chorley, lancashire. the men attacked their pet dog cookie with a meat cleaver as they demanded money. the dog required stitches and is now recovering at home after the attack. both men were jailed at preston crown court for aggravated burglary and aggravated vehicle taking.
sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl outside kfc in birmingham. police were called to a kfc restaurant in northfield, birmingham, shortly after 5pm yesterday. a 19-year-old was also found in a critical condition after being stabbed in a barber shop. an 18-year old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody.
man named locally as 62-year-old richard clements was mowing grass outside farmhouse in wattisham, suffolk. machine toppled down a bank into a pond and trapped him underneath. his family managed to drag him from the water but he was pronounced dead at the scene. incident occurred at about 5.15pm yesterday in the rural suffolk village of wattisham. police said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the death of man in his 60s.
jessica hardy, 23, from hereford, was desperate to remove her former flame's name from her forearm. she used acid peels to remove the tattoo but it left her skin red raw and scabby. jessica, a dental nurse, realised it was a mistake when she was dumped by her ex-boyfriend.
jessica edgeington, 33, of villa rica, georgia, died at skydive deland in deland, florida, on wednesday. she was a professional skydiver and competed in a sport called'swooping'   it is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after navy seal william marston died after landing heavily in january. her chute apparently collided with another dive mid-air.
timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people. he suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government. estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones were donated by the convicted bomber's lead attorney. the archive now fills 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history in texas.
'bright and beautiful' gcse pupil started using cocaine, ecstasy, methadone and party drug meow meow. father, only known as john, has written open letter to south gloucestershire council to do more to tackle drug problem. he said his daughter was given the drugs for free or paid for pills in the school playground. he has called on police and police to take the issue more seriously to tackle the problem.
brisbane based dj-duo mashed n kutcher have released a viral video of a jogger singing on the street. adam and matt offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to collaborate. the clip has clocked up over 1.25 million views in under a week. the duo later sampled the vocals of the jogger, later revealed as a singer songwriter from brisbane. last month the boys collaborated with a pizza deliveryman in another video.
a guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley's wedding at the eat your greens venue in new south wales. the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests paid tribute to the murdered teacher at a memorial service 275km and three hours' drive away. the car park was empty and silent, with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside. the popular high school teacher was last seen on easter sunday.
amanda burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong. since the 1950s, doctors and midwives have clamped the cord after birth. she believed it was unnatural to cut the cord when it was still pulsating with blood. national institute for health and care excellence changed guidelines to stop it.
chelsea clinton, 35, was first daughter of president bill clinton and appeared on the cover of elle magazine's latest issue. she has finally revealed what happened to her once-unruly curls. she revealed that her curls 'just fell into waves' in her early twenties.
archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as tenahaha in peru's cotahuasi valley. each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers. over the years rats had eaten away at many of the remains, leaving only fragments. the mummies were buried with a variety of items, including teeth, hands and feet. the death rituals were believed to have been performed in a peaceful area of the andes.
christopher stefanoni, 50, says his nine-year-old son was moved into a lower team in darien, connecticut. he says his affordable housing homes threatened the ethnic makeup of the overwhelmingly white town. the town of 21,000 is 94 per cent white, with 620 hispanic residents and fewer than 100 black people. the developer's son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking team. he was also banned from coaching in the little league and accused of 'harassing' the town.
doug gregory, 92, was struck by a car outside a petrol station in blackfield, hampshire, on his daily trip to the shops. he suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital but died two weeks later. he was awarded the distinguished flying cross after surviving 70 missions over nazi-occupied europe. he only retired from his job as a stunt pilot two years ago and became an art teacher.
tortoises can't swim, said florida wildlife officials this week after people tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles. all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand and are unable to swim like the sea turtle. there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoise hatchlings in the water.
a university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock . he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes. dr paolo bombelli will present his research as part of the pint of science festival, which is running in 50 cities across nine countries. the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce.
gang of four were spotted trying to escape after holding up a cash and carry in derby last year. attempted to flee on foot along the m42 after ramming two police cars in dramatic police chase. filmed by police helicopter that was following the robbers as they tried to escape in a stolen seat leon. three of the gang have now been sentenced to more than 30 years in prison.
kathleen bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over her terminally ill 87-year-old friend's finances. she became a carer for her friend who was battling breast cancer. but the church elder 'overstepped the mark' and took at least £1,500 from her dying friend's bank account. bailey was given a suspended jail sentence after admitting theft at bolton crown court. she used the money to finance trips to north wales and pay for her victim's care.
police believe 35-year-old donnell graham fatally shot his wife, shaquana graham, 33, and another man before turning the gun on himself early sunday morning. the woman was found shot in the head at the quality inn in springettsbury township, pennsylvania. another guest staying in the room next door heard the gunshots and reported seeing a bullet hole in the glass.
at least 15 fortune 500 companies paid zero income taxes in 2014, according to a report from citizens for tax justice. most of the companies were worth more than $1 billion and received tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions. cbs, general electric and mattel are among the companies that managed to avoid paying income tax on their massive profits.
new icm poll has tories ahead on 34 per cent, down five points from a week ago. labour are down one point on 32 per cent. american pollster nate silver correctly predicted the winner in 49 of 50 us states in 2008. believes neither labour or the tories will be unable to get enough support together for a majority.
footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling sunny bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly. the young rider from kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's antics. to date the clip of bayne has received thousands of hits online.
clare else's husband andrew was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic ephraim norman, 24, in april last year. mrs else, 52, is too scared to leave home 'in case she gets a knife in the back'   mr else was stabbed as he got off a bus in croydon, south london, after going to the pub with friends. norman had stopped taking medication to treat his paranoid schizophrenia and heard voices in his head telling him to kill.
tom o'carroll is a former open university information officer and formerly a key activist for pie. attended hacked off rally in houses of parliament to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation. he was jailed in 1981 for 'corrupting public morals'   he was a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange which campaigned to legalise child sex.
woman in her 20s had to be rescued from river cam, cambridge, after almost drowning. she disappeared under the water for several seconds after her punt hit another boat. the tourist, who couldn't swim, was pulled to safety by her friends. britons were given their first taste of spring with temperatures reaching nearly 21c - the hottest day of the year so far. northumberland was one of the warmest areas of the uk, with temperatures of 18c.
crown princess mary of denmark, 43, attended a remembrance ceremony in aabenraa. wore a chic black dress and coat to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation of danish capital. the royal wore an asymmetrical grey felt hat and heels for the occasion. mary has been in denmark this week to mark queen margarethe ii's 75th birthday.
annika mckenzie, 34, has been charged with second-degree assault on school grounds, a felony, and strangulation. police say math teacher catherine engelhardt was attacked at alverta b. gray schultz middle school in hempstead, new york, wednesday afternoon.  mckenzie believed her daughter's teacher had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day. she and her niece, 14, were arrested at the scene and charged with the assault.
stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons - but was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior. mayor of hartlepool was dismissed from his care manager role with newcastle city council for gross misconduct. he claims he was sacked for whistle blowing - but council says he was dismissed for misconduct.
bobby brown, 46, visited his daughter bobbi kristina at the dekalb medical center in decatur, georgia, on monday. the 22-year-old was found unconscious on january 31 at emory university hospital. on saturday, bobby claimed that 'bobbi is awake,' during a dallas concert. her maternal grandmother cissy houston clarified that bobbi 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not awake nor expected to fully recover.
savage swan nicknamed asbaby has been pecking punters on the backs area of the cambridge river in cambridge. he is believed to be the grandson of mr asbo, who was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 after attacking rowers. asbaby is said to be even more vicious than his father, asboy, and grandfather, asbo. asbo was moved by river authorities after being repeatedly attacked by swan on the river in 2012.
ivana chubbuck, 62, is a part therapist and part acting coach, known as the 'celebrity whisperer' works with eva mendes and brad pitt. she reduced beyoncé knowles to tears within five minutes. runs a drama school in los angeles and hosts workshops around the world.
lelisa desisa, 25, of ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds. caroline rotich, of kenya, won the women's division. desisa donated his medal to the city after the terrorist attack that claimed three lives and injured more than 260 in 2013.
most popular question about hillary clinton was about how old she is. top questions about marco rubio were 'how old is marco rubio' and 'how tall is rand paul'   interest in paul decreased somewhat after he announced he is running for president, but was on the rise after sunday.
baylee almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on april 19, 1995, in the oklahoma city bombing. she was killed the day after her first birthday. her mother aren almon-kok was a 23-year-old single mother. she saw the picture of her lifeless daughter on the front page of the local paper the next day.   aren said she learns to deal with the grief but the milestones get more difficult every year. the ok oklahoma city bombing killed 168 american people.
vincent viafore from poughkeepsie, new york, was on the rough hudson river near newburgh with angelika graswald. he was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak. his partner fell out of the boat while trying to help him and was rescued. she was taken to hospital and treated for hypothermia but he is still missing.
qasr al-farid or 'the lonely castle' is located in the north saudi arabian desert. it is the largest of 131 monumental tombs in the region and is a unesco world heritage site. the rock castle has been lying undisturbed for over 1,900 years.
sheila elkan, 84, lives in the house that featured as the home of margo leadbetter in classic 1970s tv series. great-grandmother-of-five has lived at the home in hillingdon, north-west london, since 1986. she backed david cameron today after he launched his 'good life' manifesto. mr cameron promised to deliver job, home, tax cuts and a secure retirement.
kristen jarvis, 34, is moving on to become the ford foundation president darren walker's chief of staff. jarvis first joined the obamas' orbit in 2005 when she took a job in then senator obama's office. she became michelle's top personal aide and was with the first lady through her final seven years in the white house. she says she mostly kept up with michelle, but drew the line at d.c. workout craze solidcore.
nestled in the surrey countryside in bagshot, pennyhill park has attracted many celebrities. the luxury spa and hotel boasts a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms, and eight swimming pools. daniel craig, nicole kidman and cameron diaz are regulars at the venue. the spa has heated outdoor hot tubs, hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated pool.
mayall died suddenly aged 56 last june but probate records reveal he had no will. he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad bike accident in 1998. mayall played scheming tory mp alan b’stard in itv series the new statesman. his estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would have gone to his wife.
brayden travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after overdosing on heroin and xanax at a friend's house in st charles county, missouri in early march. his lungs and kidneys failed and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage. his mother, kelly smith-miller, shared a photo of him to facebook to deter others from taking drugs. he is now conscious in hospital and is breathing on his own, but doctors say he will likely remain in a vegetative state. he has struggled with drug addiction since he was 15.
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to return to seattle-tacoma international airport 14 minutes into the flight after a baggage handler fell asleep inside the cargo hold. the man woke up after a piece of luggage fell on top of him. he called 911 begging the dispatcher for help and pleaded for help from inside the plane. the pilot turned the plane back to the seattle airport and declared an emergency landing.
social services minister scott morrison confirms the government is actively researching possible legislation changes. conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits and childcare subsidies. parents are required to vaccinate their children to be eligible for benefits.    the productivity commission's report recommends rebates be conditional on the child being fully immunised.
richie benaud revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment. the cricket commentary box legend died on friday at the age of 84. he was diagnosed with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. benaud was a test cricketer and captained australia from the late 1950s to 1964.    the cricket legend said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen. he said 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' and advised australians to cover their heads.
luke shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the victorian bushland. he was reunited with his rescuers at royal children's hospital in melbourne on wednesday. the 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres from where he went missing at lake eildon national park. luke was suffering from dehydration and hypothermia when he was found. doctors say they are stunned with how healthy luke appeared, considering he had been without food or water since friday. a police helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers found luke on tuesday.
the nfl has reinstated running back adrian peterson, allowing him to participate in league activities starting on friday. peterson was banned from all scheduled activities since september 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch. the running back is set to make $12.75million this season with the minnesota vikings.
alice kovach-suehn, 56, from apopka, was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs. the senior was discovered covered in filth and emaciated. the 96-year-old told officers he was never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces'   by the time police rescued him, the victim could not move his hands and his knees were locked together.
31 per cent of men have never washed their own car and three-quarters of women never wash their own cars. rise of hand car washes and the rise of automated machines blamed for decline in britain's car washing tradition. brits are more likely to take their cars to a car wash on a local forecourt.
the donor, josh dall-leighton of windham said that maine medical center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him. christine royles, 24, of south portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse josh for unpaid time away from work. royles wrote a want ad for a kidney on the back of her car after going on the national waiting list for a donor.
singer miley cyrus this week challenged convention by leaving her underarms unshaved. there may be health benefits to having body hair. body hair helps your skin heal and is important for maintaining skin health. experts reveal the various ways in which being hairy may be good for us.
researchers from germany, canada and the u.s. analysed answers of 6,100 people. men more likely to kill to save lives in the long term, but women more troubled by the act itself. women more reluctant than men to cause harm in the short term to get a better result.
roxy walsh, 34, found a sentimental gold ring at a bali resort and took to social media to find its owner. she launched a social media campaign to reunite the ring with the owner. over 6000 users joined the facebook page to help find the ring's owner. ms walsh found the owner of the ring, joe and jenny langley, from the same part of australia. she personally returned the ring to the owners in noosa on sunday. mr langley had lost the ring at the same resort nine months ago after getting caught in a strong current.
alexis tsipras, greece’s prime minister, will meet vladimir putin in moscow today, amid reports kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas. visit will raise fears radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance.    ahead of visit, mr tsipra condemned the west's economic sanctions on moscow as ‘a road to nowhere’   but president of european parliament has warned it would be ‘unacceptable’ if   in return for kremlin aid   greek finance minister is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the
captain niloofar rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing air force aviator in afghanistan's history and has received death threats from the taliban. she and nine other women were awarded the u.s secretary of state's international women of courage award. first lady michelle obama honoured captain rahmeni's bravery, commitment and empowerment of women and girls.
robert knowles, 68, from plymouth, devon, is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13. he has been in court at least once a year since 1959 and has clocked up nearly 350 offences. he was jailed for 16 weeks after his 190th court appearance. knowles has spent most of his adult life in prison and has been jailed for 200 thefts.
the 41-year-old australian woman was getting ready for a new year's eve party when she started to wheeze. she reached into her bag for her inhaler, but it was uncapped. she thought it was due to a loose connection, but felt a scratch in her throat. she began coughing up blood, wheezing and short of breath and was rushed to hospital. doctors found the earring was lodged in her right bronchus - the airway leading to the lungs.
life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012 for the first time since 1995. average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks - five weeks less than in 2011. public health england said the fall was the first since 1995 for all four age groups. life expectancy for english women is among the worst in western europe.
stunning set of images was taken in a forest near langenfeld, germany, yesterday by body-painting artist joerg duesterwald. he spent hours painting a carefully painted female model to blend in with her surroundings. the images are the work of german artist, who has been painting for more than 20 years.
mahendra ahirwar, 12, from madhya pradesh, suffers from a rare condition that makes his head hang from his body. he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position. his parents have consulted more than 50 doctors but none could diagnose his condition. mukesh and sumitra say they would rather see him dead than suffer the way he is now.
hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours. channel's director, yves bigot, said the network has restored signal but can only broadcast recorded programs, not live content. hackers posted documents on tv5monde's facebook page purporting to be identity cards and cvs of french soldiers.
zbigniew huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim, identified by her first name of chloe. he was on his way to britain from calais when he snatched her in front of her mother. she was found naked and sexually assaulted in dubrulle wood, near calais, france. huminski was convicted twice for acts of 'extreme violence' and was banned from french territory. he has now confessed to the murder and says he did it 'while drunk'   he was driving to southampton, where his sister lives, when he was arrested and'recognised his involvement in the murder'
margaret bates said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her daughter kelly-anne suffered at the hands of her lover james smith. smith, 49, was jailed for life for the brutal murder of the 17-year-old.   smith tortured her with an iron, scalded her with boiling water and gouged out her eyes for three weeks. her mother said she wished she had killed smith when she first met him.
fad is inspired by popular 'anime' cartoon character hestia from is it wrong to pick up girls in a dungeon. women in japan tie blue ribbon under the breasts and over the arms to give cleavage a boost. the trend has been copied by ordinary women and fans of the show.
princess eugenie, 25, looked glamorous at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday. the royal has been living in the us for a year now. she looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment and matching shoes. the event was also attended by dakota fanning and kelly brook.
researchers at stanford university studied 400 people with synaesthesia - a neurological condition that affects one in 10,000 people . they compared colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by fisher-price between 1971 and 1990. at least six per cent of synesthetes learnt many of the colours associated with letters from the toy. for people born between 1970 and 1985, the prevalence of synesthesia can exceed 15 per cent. but authors say the findings don't suggest toys cause associations of people with the condition .
ian gibson, 55, was a lauded figure among u.s. safari enthusiasts. he was measuring ivory tusks of a young bull elephant in zimbabwe's zambezi valley. the animal charged at gibson and knelt on him until he died. gibson was killed by the elephant while measuring its ivory for a client.
roy day, 29, and gerard lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months at the end of last year in four counties. the duo stole £160,000 worth of luxury cars from homes in warwickshire, staffordshire and shropshire. they were each jailed for five years and four months after admitting conspiracy to commit burglary. but after the duo left their dna at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested.
leanne kenny, 23, from northwich, cheshire, ballooned to almost 20st after snacking on discounted snacks at work. she weighed almost 20 stone and was a size 24. after ditching the treats leanne has lost 7st and now weighs 13st. she joined weight watchers and took up walking to lose the weight.
actress june whitfield is best known as the eccentric grandmother from absolutely fabulous. the 89-year-old will make guest appearance as sister ruth in the bbc soap next week. her character will offer advice to jessie wallace's character kat moon. whitfield said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with wallace on the show.
john marshall is the son of director noel marshall who married tippi hedren. he and melanie griffith starred in the infamous lion film roar with their parents. the film roar became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production. the family lived with lions for the 11 years they made the film. john marshall says his father was a 'f**king **hole' to make the film with his family.
after next month's election, ministers could be asked to make sure easter day always falls between april 9 and 15. in 1928, the easter act was passed in parliament to ensure it was a fixed date in april. but it was unable to get the agreement of churches and has never been implemented. it is thought that the roman catholic church do not object to the plans to fix a date.
house of cards is a hit us political tv series starring kevin spacey. much of the action takes place on capitol hill in washington. the capital grille is a favoured venue for political plots and political assassinations. washington has more public monuments than any other city in america.
marli van breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage after being attacked with an axe in her family's south african home in january. she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed in the attack. marli has no memory of the horrific incident but is able to walk and talk. her mother teresa, father martin, and brother rudi, 22, were killed in the brutal attack. her other brother henri, 20, escaped with light injuries.
iraqi prime minister haidar al-abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other u.s. weapons during his visit. but white house spokesman said the iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting. abadi is on his first trip to washington since becoming prime minister.
housing association tenants currently paying £150 a week to live in homes worth millions of pounds. some of the properties are in exclusive areas of mayfair and covent garden in london. tenants could now get chance to buy them with discounts of up to £102,000 under new right-to-buy plans. but housing associations have opposed proposals to sell their properties at discounted prices.
drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene, texas, to get out of their cars to pick up the cash. passenger door of brinks armored truck flew open as it was moving. police have warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted.
hannah moore, 20, of broxburn in west lothian, had suffered stretchmarks after having twins and wanted a confidence boost. posted images of her post-pregnancy belly to boost her confidence. told followers 'nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful' but her account was immediately shut down due to 'nudity and violence'   instagram has admitted the incident was 'a technical mistake' and has re-instated hannah's account.
luke lazarus was sentenced on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's soho nightclub in sydney. a photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground, was posted on the venue's facebook page. the photo was posted a week after luke was sentenced for raping a teenage girl at the club. the 23-year old privileged son of andrew lazarus, the owner of the venue, was jailed for at least three years for the crime. the image was soon removed by the club's management after a backlash on twitter.
chantelle doherty, 21, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man and stole several bottles of whisky. her friend martin lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money. doherty is the niece of gypsy weddings star paddy doherty. she has been jailed for two years and accomplice lawrence for five years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud.
jake shaw was just beginning his gap year volunteering as a climbing instructor at kandersteg international scout centre in the swiss alps. the 21-year-old fell 25ft from the upper floor of the scout centre and died nine days later. he had been celebrating swiss national day with friends with drinking games. after consuming a large amount of beer he returned to his room in a'very drunk state' and tried to open a bedroom window. lincolnshire central assistant coroner concluded that jake's death was an accident.
audrie pott, 15, killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party in saratoga, california. two of her attackers have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the 'criminal act'  admitted she did not consent to their 'criminal acts' and was not conscious at the time. also apologized for sharing false rumors that'served to shame and humiliate her' three teens pleaded guilty to sexual assault and were sentenced to 30-45 days in juvenile detention. audrie's mother found her daughter hanging in the bathroom of her home in september 2012. she was found with her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body.
tory leader says seven key policies will help get people on to property ladder by building more homes and cutting cost of saving for a deposit. mr cameron insists 'dream of home ownership is alive' as he tours weston homes aura building site in edgware. he set out seven point plan to help build more houses and make it easier for first-time buyers.   he also announced a massive extension in the right to buy scheme to 1.3million housing association tenants.
biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the mohamed naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010. he survived thanks to an elderly man called uncle abdo who fed him scraps of food every day. but the cat became too big to escape and was stuck behind the wall for five years. biso's plight came to the attention of animal rights activists after a picture of his tail was posted on facebook. the cat was finally freed after a five-hour rescue mission at the cairo train station.
sheriff mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds outside a kfc in birmingham. police were called to the scene after reports of a stabbing at 5pm on friday evening. a second 18-year-old has been arrested today on suspicion of murder at his home address. another 18- year-old was arrested earlier in the day after another man was arrested in connection with the murder.
vietnamese binh wagner, 3, and her identical twin phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to alagille syndrome. their adopted father was a perfect match for part of his liver, but only gave it to one of the girls. michael wanger chose to choose binh's sister to receive part of the organ. binh received a new liver from an anonymous donor two months ago and is recovering well.
expedition 42 commander barry wilmore and flight engineer terry virts recorded three spacewalks on gopro cameras outside the international space station. the astronauts were in preparation for the arrival of commercial spacecraft in 2017. the video captures breathtakingly clear images of earth as astronauts work from a distance of 250 miles.
louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold. she accidentally sent a text message to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend. she was fired five days after the incident. her employer said it was due to 'gross misconduct' by the bookkeeper. she filed a unfair dismissal complaint with the fair work commission.
the two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years. maps were compiled by cartographer trent hare. more than 6.5 billion measurements were collected between 2009 and 2013. nasa's ultimate goal at the moment is to land humans on mars by the 2030s. but one expert claims nasa is considering going back to the moon before going to mars.
dante de blasio has been accepted into yale and brown universities and will make his decision by the end of the month. the son of new york city mayor bill de bl blasio is 17 and a senior at brooklyn technical high school. de blasa earns a six figure salary as mayor and earns six figure rental income from his two properties. his daughter chiara is already enrolled at santa clara university in california.
five-year-old palestinian boy pelted israeli police with stones during violent clashes on the west bank. the child was dressed in full combat gear as he attacked six heavily armed officers. violence erupted during a rally to mark palestinian prisoners day on the northern west bank . soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd as violence erupted.
lisa courtney, of hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting pokemon memorabilia. her mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room for her daughter's collection. lisa holds the guinness world record for the largest collection of pokemon items. the 26-year-old has 25,000 items spread around the home she shares with her mother. she started collecting at the age of nine and travelled to japan to get exclusive merchandise.
justin jackson accused of posing as oprah winfrey, oprah's nephew, reggie love and madonna's manager. florida man accused of eight-year trail of deceit to score freebies and jobs. court papers claim he sent fake letters of recommendation to five different hotel groups. he is being sued by oprah, her tv network and love, as well as angel agarrat.
delroy facey, 34, is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches. ex-bolton wanderers forward allegedly told a non-league player to fix a match. facey is alleged to have told a contact that some football conference teams would 'do' a game. he is on trial at birmingham crown court accused of conspiring with moses swaibu and others to commit bribery.
former nida graduate shannon dooley, 30, founded eighties-inspired aerobics class'retrosweat' inspired by jane fonda. 50-minute class has 12 dance tracks to match the eighties soundtrack. class is a freestyle aerobic workout with a twist. dooley mixes up the music and choreography each week.
anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol restored movement to mice paralysed by multiple sclerosis. could pave the way to ground-breaking new therapies for the auto-immune disease, which affects 2.5 million worldwide. scientists from case western reserve university said finding could pave way to new therapies.
ukip has reduced the number of constituencies it is concentrating resources on as it loses ground in polls. party strategist says'something extraordinary' would need to happen to win in places outside its target list. ukip will today unveil its manifesto and is set to launch it in thurrock, essex.
married father-of-one maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at a strip club in east london. footage shows him attempting to touch her arms and thighs, which is against venue's policy. staff said he had been pestering the girl all night and his actions were 'outrageous'   he was'very drunk' and bouncers threatened to throw him out several times.
nicholas and kseniya soukeras of new york can't agree on a baby name for their unborn child. ksenya wants to name her child michael, after her father, while nicholas prefers spyridon, after his own father. the couple has turned to the general public to help them make a decision. nicolas, 37, has launched an online petition asking for help to sway his wife. they don't yet know the sex of the baby.
david adam pate, 25, from lancaster, north carolina, told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old ricky james 39 times after luring him into woods with wine in november 2013. told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off' with butcher's knife. he was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole for the murder.
on four separate occasions, grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. the footage was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of pembrokeshire. killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent but this is the first time they have been spotted off british coast. it backs up a recent study that grey seals have a penchant for young porpoise with a thick layer of fat. scientists said the seals may have developed a taste for the creatures and warned people could be next.
alfred guy vuozzo, 46, murdered brent mcguigan, 68, and his son, brendon, 39, on prince edward island last august. he was two years old when his older sister, cathy, was killed in a car crash in 1970. confronted driver's son, brent, and grandson, and shot them in 'execution-style' slayings. he will not be eligible for parole for 35 years after being sentenced to life in prison on monday. as he was escorted from court, he screamed 'you've sentenced me to life and i sent them to death'   judge called double-murder an act of '
uk oil & gas investments say they have discovered 100billion barrels of oil in the weald basin. could meet up to a third of britain’s oil demand within 15 years. but industry experts remain sceptical of the claims, calling them 'overly optimistic' discovery made during test drilling at horse hill site.
the alarm clock, called wakē, rouses individuals from their slumber using a focused beam of light and sound. the wall-mounted device creates a ‘personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person individually. it uses a white led to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper’s face to gently wake them up. it has an inbuilt sensor to detect sleepers’ body heat and sends a directed beam of sound to rouse an individual. the alarm costs $250 (£167) to pre-order on kickstarter and is due to ship in september.
ryan wray, 26, was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on friday.    he faces up to 15 years in prison if he is convicted and is supposed to appear in court on may 4. wray served as the 2013 and 2014 pi kappa alpha president at utah state university. he was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at frat house.
you can spot dolphins at cardigan bay - the dolphin capital of britain. national trust formby has a population of red squirrels that have hung on against the odds. the white-tailed eagle was reintroduced to scotland after it became extinct in the uk.
wandsworth council in london has announced it is set to remove the rule giving automatic place to pupils' siblings. more than 80,000 children face missing out on preferred primary school, with 20,000 at risk of being denied. four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school. families who move more than 800 metres from their preferred school will lose place.
yazidi girl was released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the islamic state. she was'sexually abused by no fewer than ten men' while in captivity. earlier this week, more than 200 yazidi women, children and elderly were released after being held captive since last summer. the nine-year-old is pregnant and is receiving medical care in germany.
amy hughes, 26, ran 53 marathons in 53 days to raise money for a friend’s daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour. the sports therapist completed 1,388 miles and went through five different pairs of trainers. she also got close to long-term friend dave keighley - who was part of her support crew. amy raised £30,000 for charity and has become the face of brooks and panache.
donor posted plain brown envelope to officials at bath abbey, pledging £1.5million to the church's restoration fund. cash will be put towards the abbey's £20million restoration fund to repair the floor and expand building. donor is known to church officials but has asked not to be named. note said they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years'
jessica bialek returned to her home in coogee, sydney, on thursday evening. the 37-year-old was last seen leaving her home at 8.30am on wednesday morning. she is'safe and well' and is speaking with police about her disappearance. her husband sabino matera confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30pm. the mother-of-one had been missing since about 8:30am. her father has made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts.
julia van herck, 42, from fulham, west london, weighed 23 stone after marrying stefan in 1993. mother-of-three used food as an 'emotional crutch' after suffering from post-natal depression. she was scared her husband would leave her and hid treats in her medicine cabinet. she underwent weight loss surgery and has since slimmed down to 11 stone and a size 12.
celebrity chef pete evans has shared two stories of women who claim the paleo diet has helped cure multiple sclerosis. a 30-year-old woman claims she no longer suffers from the incurable disease. evans shared the testimonies with his 868,000-plus followers on facebook. the australian chef has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting a 'caveman' diet.
the ufo map was created by writer levi pearson, who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre. it shows sightings of extra-terrestrials around the world in the last 76 years. many of the sightings can be put down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies. but some enthusiasts believe there is a rise in alien activity. the map shows a dramatic rise in the number of sightings between the 1940s and the 1960s.
st. louis blues forward ryan reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked face-first into the glass by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook on sunday. reaves sat on the bench and calmly pulled out the tooth and gave it to a team trainer. the blues beat the blackhawks 2-1.
hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica and has a distinctive call. it was found with translucent skin on its underside, making its organs easily visible. the frog was named h. dianae and was found by brian kubicki who discovered it. the creature was found in the mountains and has been named a new species of glass frog. its heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible and it has black and white eyes.
kathy hughes, 12, said she is 'downright proud' of her father, 61-year-old doug hughes. he landed his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol last wednesday to protest campaign finance laws. he is currently under house arrest in florida as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone. hughes said the journey from virginia to the capitol was a 'huge thrill' and shared footage of his 80-mile journey on monday. he was carrying 535 letters when he was arrested and is currently on leave from his job.
stephanie scott, 26, was last seen at a woolworths supermarket at leeton on easter sunday afternoon. she was due to marry her partner of five years on saturday. police have launched a state-wide search for the leeton high school drama and english teacher. ms scott could be travelling in a red mazda 3 sedan with registration.
study by human rights watch found women and children as young as eight have been raped by isis fighters. yazidi women and girls have been kidnapped and forced to marry and convert to islam. one child told investigators she was raped for three days by seven different men. some tried to kill themselves while in captivity to avoid being raped again.    many feel suicidal after their ordeal and need better medical and psychological support.
hsbc announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix - the cheapest ever deal of its kind. offer is expected to trigger a flood of rate cuts by other banks and building societies. 15 lenders had already cut rates across their ranges in the past week. battle between lenders has intensified in recent months plunging home loan rates.
as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt, isis was deemed inappropriate by un's world meteorological organization. hurricane committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group. isis had been on the wmo list of names for pacific hurricane names for 2016. the hurricane committee also backed mexico's request to retire the name odile.
jamie, 13, reuben and finley were chosen from 5,700 other hopefuls to visit mi5's london hq. the trio were allowed inside the security service's hq for the first time. they were chosen after a competition to visit'spy school' in blue peter. the children were selected from a competition for children to go to a real-life spy school. the competition was one of the most popular in the show's history and was open to children aged five to 10.
youtuber dave hax’s clever spud solution lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler. simple method uses a sharp knife and boiling water to peel potatoes. the video has already received more than 1.5m views on youtube. the method is the brainchild of the life hacks expert.
researchers at hadassah medical school in jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue and slow down the ageing process. tests on pregnant mice suggested they 'got youth serum injection' from babies. pregnancy is a 'unique biological model' of a partially shared blood system.
more than 700 asiatic black bears are being butchered on illegal bear bile farms in vietnam. up to four bears are killed in one day on some farms, according to sources.    owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood' and sell body parts to make chinese medicine. only 1,245 of the animals remain in captivity in bear farms compared to 4,000 in 2005.
governor jerry brown last week imposed unprecedented new water-use restrictions in the face of the state's historic drought. water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the restrictions. some are using a hybrid sink-toilet that doubles as a sink and using washing machine water to water fruit trees.
emma hannigan was diagnosed with the faulty brca1 gene in 2005 and diagnosed with breast cancer. she had her breasts and ovaries removed in 2006 to reduce her risk of the disease. but a year later she was told she had breast cancer and underwent treatment. since 2007, the 42-year-old mother-of-two has battled the disease nine times, including four bouts in one year. she is currently undergoing chemotherapy as specialists try to keep the disease at bay.
nadine crooks, 33, was told she was infertile after the birth of her fourth child, joshua. she stopped taking contraceptives after being told she had polycystic ovary syndrome. she was stunned to fall pregnant again after doctors told her she was expecting again. the mother-of-four is expecting two boys and a girl due in july with her partner.
organizers of the protest at mcguffey high school in washington county encouraged pupils to wear flannel shirts and write 'anti-gay' on their hands. openly gay pupils at the school were physically bullied and had bible verses pined to lockers. the protest was a reaction to a day of silence events for bullied lbgt students the previous day.
ed sheeran crashed jess knight's hospital birthday party in auckland hospital. the british singer visited her after she was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment. ms knight was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia two weeks after buying tickets to sheeran's concert. the 20-year-old had to undergo chemotherapy and a bone marrow transplant. sheeran is currently touring new zealand and took time out of his schedule to help her celebrate her 20th birthday.
robot, named bb-8, took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in anaheim, california. director jj abrams confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works. it ran rings around retro droid r2-d2 on its spherical body. the droid was ‘built and puppeteered’ in the film star wars: the force awakens. it is a spherical ball that allows it to move in any direction but it also has a free-moving head.
zachary davis was 15 when he bludgeoned his mother melanie davis, 46, to death as she slept in her bed in august 2012. he told police he laughed out loud as he killed her and then tried to kill his brother josh, 19, with a sledgehammer. davis told police his brother had raped him and that he told his mom but she did nothing about it. he was charged with first-degree murder, attempted murder and aggravated arson. his legal team admit that he was suffering from mental illness at the time of the murder.
the ship was owned by king kamehameha ii, aka liholiho, the second king of hawaii, when it sunk off the coast of kauai in april 1824. the yacht was the first luxury ocean-going yacht built in the united states. over a thousand artifacts were found in the wreckage and are now being returned to the local museum. the smithsonian institution's national museum of american history will display the artifacts.
sir david nicholson is the latest expert to warn ed miliband's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going. he was branded the'man with no shame' after refusing to resign over the mid staffs scandal. labour's criticism of labour threatens to demolish its claim to be champion of the nhs.   labour must explain why it won't find the money nhs'says it needs'
martinhal beach resort in portugal is renowned as one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday. it is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach. ben fogle is a regular at the high-end resort. but despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year, the water is cold at the resort.
nigel short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking. chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were 'hard-wired very differently'   he was the first english player to play a world chess championship match. but critics pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster.
flight lieutenant stephen beaumont took his teddy bear mascot with him on every flight in the battle of britain. he was one of just seven of 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the battle. the bear, named beaumont bear, is expected to sell for £10,000 when it goes up for auction. fl lt beaumonte died aged 87 in 1997 and his bear was passed to his family.
mary kay letourneau, 53, and vili fualaau, 31, spoke out on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary. they first met when he was 12 and she was his sixth grade teacher and they had a sexual relationship . she was arrested after she was found having sex with him in her car and gave birth to their first daughter while on bail in 1997. she went to prison for seven and a half years and had to give birth to a second daughter while in jail. the couple have two teenage daughters.
visual health studios in colorado has developed a weight loss app called visualize you. it calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount of weight. the app processes an image of you to reveal what you'd look like after losing weight. users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider. it costs £1.61 ($2.40) on android and $1.99 for the full version.
higher doses of vitamin e, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress on immune cells. can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing. for the first time, researchers have shown that vitamin e can mitigate oxidative stress.
hillary clinton's armored chevy van stopped in le claire, iowa on tuesday for a cup of joe and tea. unlike on monday when she stopped at an ohio chipotle for lunch, this time people recognized her. the former secretary of state is currently on the campaign trail in monticello and iowa. the van is nicknamed'scooby' as a homage to the scooby-doo cartoon. clinton started in chappaqua, new york and has reached monticellos.
mohammed waqar, 23, and mohammed siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting the youngster at the uk islamic mission jamia mosque in sparkbrook, birmingham. the boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque. it's alleged he was allegedly beaten for mistakes in his studies, including not reciting the koran correctly. both men will stand trial accused of cruelty to a person under 16 at birmingham crown court.
just over 60 per cent of americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change. but opinions on global warming vary wildly between states, local communities, and congressional districts. people in california are far more worried about the warming planet than those in central us. researchers at yale university created an interactive map to reveal public opinion in all 50 states, 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties. concern about global warming ranges from a low of 38 per cent in pickett county to a high of 74 per cent.
nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it. half a year later she saw a facebook post saying it was found in an 'unusual place'   she found the ring while picking up dog poop at a local ball field.
marisa curlen, a native of rye, new york, was a sophomore at the harrisonburg college and a member of the alpha phi sorority. police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death. she became the third member of rye high school's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year.
davion navar henry only, 16, was adopted by a minister in ohio but sent back into the foster care system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister's children. davion only has been adopted by his old case worker, connie bell going. he was born in florida and has been in foster care since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars. in 2013 he made a plea in front of a church congregation for a family to 'love him forever'    after being adopted by the minister but returned to the system after three months, he cut himself off from other people and played video games.
delonte martistee, 22, and ryan calhoun, 23, have been charged with sexual battery for allegedly sexually assaulting an unconscious woman at panama city beach in florida. the two were arrested this week after police found cellphone footage of the alleged attack. the video allegedly shows two men sexually assaulting a woman at a beach while a large crowd of spring break revelers watch . authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case and more arrests are expected.    both men have been suspended from troy university in the wake of the incident.
nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface. nine other worlds are suspected to have subsurface oceans - and some may even contain life. the space agency claims we could find life on one of them in the next ten or 20 years.
more than 2,000 families have fled the iraqi city of ramadi. isis fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western anbar province. ramadi was once the battlefield for us forces eight year battle against insurgents during the 2003 iraq war. us led coalition air strikes have targeted three villages recently taken by isis.
all flights were halted for about 20 minutes after potential drone sighting at 11:30am. some flights were delayed or diverted while a police helicopter scoured the area around manchester airport. some incoming flights were diverted to other airports and a second runway was opened to clear backlog. police search failed to turn up any evidence of a drone in air space.
letter was sent from white star lines bosses to christopher moody, brother of officer james moody who died on board the titanic. company bosses asked for £20 to return his body to england - almost £2,000 in today's money. mr moody was 24-year-old junior officer who died after titanic hit iceberg on maiden voyage. he was on watch when the ship hit an iceberg and later helped passengers into lifeboats. but his body had not been recovered by the time the letter was sent 103 years ago.
andras janos vass, 25, was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering felonies. faces maximum sentence of 155 years in prison. at least two of his victims were lured to america via planet romeo gay dating website. he threatened their families and forced them to work 20 hours a day on sex work.
kendall schler crept onto the go! st. louis marathon course after the last checkpoint and was spotted at the starting point of the race just blocks from the finish line. she claimed to have removed both the magnetic strips from her bibs and didn't record any of her times electronically. her times that qualified her to run in the boston marathon have now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated. schler was unable to prove that she won this year's race. she finished third in the marathon last year and was the female winner of it but officials determined she didn't run the full course.
the national guard was first activated in ferguson in august after missouri governor jay nixon declared a state of emergency. activists in the missouri suburb, protesting over the fatal shooting of unarmed black teen michael brown by a white cop, were also known as 'adversaries'   officers were told by superiors to change references to 'enemy' to 'criminal elements' instead.
cistina coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month-old child, helped police nab a man accused of stealing her husband's truck. the truck was stolen from her driveway in houston, texas. she went on facebook and saw an ad for a blue 2003 chevy stepside bed. coria arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot. the 18-year-old suspect was arrested after police found an illegal pistol in his truck.
gases are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide. anaesthetic is used to send patients to sleep during surgery. scientists say they have detected gases as far a field as antarctica. concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade and are contributing to climate change.
by scanning the brains of people reading passages from the harry potter books, researchers discovered 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion. study carried out by lancaster university used a magnetic resonance imaging scanner to map activity in the brains. it found the common use of words affected areas associated with emotion in the brain. the books have sold more than 450 million copies since the first was published in 1997.
the brutal murder of emmanuel sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench. anti-immigrant violence has spread across south africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots. the four men accused of his murder appeared in court today.
state supplies more than three-quarters of the world's almond market and is in its fourth year of drought. residents attack bottled water industry and almond growers for 'depleting mountain streams and watersheds' despite the drought, almond growers are still planting trees. almonds are high in potassium, calcium, vitamin e and magnesium and have health benefits.
graham palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements in verse since christmas last year. northern rail encouraged guards to give their addresses a festive flavour. graham, from skelton, delivers messages in rhyming couplets over the tannoy. he customises the poems according to the stations his train is passing through.
mhox eye concept is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye. italian bio-designers mhox has unveiled project to 3d print organic tissues and combine them with wireless technology. they say synthetic eyes could be available by 2027 and could replace and enhance vision.
atlanta hawks star thabo sefolosha was arrested with teammate pero antić for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene. he was wrestled to the ground by six officers from the new york police department and arrested. he has blamed six nypd officers for breaking his leg and said it was 'caused by the police'   he was arrested on the same night that indiana pacers player chris copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside a new yorks club. se foliosha was left with a broken right fibula and torn ligaments and will miss the rest of the nba season.
stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected. scientists have included protection against two new strains of influenza. h3n2 and b/phuket caused a spike in deaths in europe and the us during the northern winter. high-risk groups will be able to access free flu shots from april 20. the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the new strains.
google introduced the app in february as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos. but consumer activists say the app is stuffed with advertisements and product placements. the videos mingle commercial and entertainment content in ways that wouldn't be allowed on television. one video shows disney's 'frozen' characters inside a toy mcdonald's .
nina pham contracted ebola while caring for thomas eric duncan, the first u.s. patient to die from the deadly disease at texas health presbyterian hospital dallas. a doctor video taped pham while she was in her hospital bed on october 16. the hospital says it respected pham's privacy and only acted with her consent.
pm admits comparison is 'not great' and his fashion gets the thumbs down from 11-year-old. nancy has taken to using putdown 'that is so phil dunphy' to highlight her father's flaws. dunphy is the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family. mr cameron also reveals daughter has threatened to write memoir of her time in number 10.
cindy santamaria-williams, of stroudsburg, pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday. she says she and her sister-in-law were attacked by three teenage girls after she told them to quiet down during fast and furious 7 . police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
tyrus byrd, 40, was sworn into office in parma last week, but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of five of the city's six police officers, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor. the outgoing mayor says they cited'safety concerns' in their resignations. there are 713 people living in the community and, according to the us census bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black.
stephen king slammed warner brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and tv mini-series. eight-book series was written between 1970 and 2012. new script focuses on relationship between roland and jake in the first book. javier bardem and russell crowe are rumored to be interested in the lead role.
the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets and queen of heart themed bunk beds. jacqueline martin, 37, designed the incredible house in less than a year. each room is creatively designed to reflect the theme of the lewis carroll classic. the house costs from £450 per night and sleeps up to eight people.
young thai boy stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. he reels the rod and catches a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod . the youngster plucks the fish from the water and proudly holds his catch up to the camera. the video has been viewed over a million times on youtube.
reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out to a naughty child. many of the schemes are hilarious and genius . many parents take away a child's favourite toy or book as a way to guarantee good behaviour. others make their children do boring chores and make them write apology letters.
marilyn zuniga, a teacher at forest street school in orange, new jersey, has been suspended without pay, pending an investigation. she assigned her third graders to write letters wishing mumia abu-jamal well after he was hospitalized last week. the cop killer was in hospital for complications from diabetes, but has since been released. he is serving life in prison for the 1981 murder of a philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner.
zella jackson price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died. but the baby was still very much alive and had been given up for adoption. melanie diane gilmore, 49, was reunited with her mother after 49 years. price was told by doctors at homer g. phillips hospital in st. louis, missouri, that the baby had died . price's daughter was adopted by another family for an unknown reason and spent six months in an incubator.
indonesia institute president ross taylor says australian tourists are more worried about a proposed alcohol ban in indonesia than the execution of bali nine. the number of australians visiting bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent. a proposed ban on alcohol could deter australians from holidaying in bali. the alcohol ban could become law by the end of this year.
shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in the main rate of corporation tax if labour form the next government. main rate has been brought down from 28 per cent to 21 per cent under the coalition. ed balls was evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, saying he was unsure how quickly it could be raised.
the collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in china and was organised by a social media app for pets. dog couples arrived in bmw convertibles and a stretch hummer limousine to tie the knot in a park in beijing. chinese olympic gymnast and gold medallist teng haibin was among the guests.
'floral perfumes can take years off a woman' says harrods' roja dove. perfumers claim wearing certain scents can make a woman seem younger, more athletic or slimmer. the perfect perfume is to evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality.
morrissey has written a letter to australian retailer the just group imploring them to stop the use of angora wool. peta australia have been petitioning the group to stop selling the controversial fur. the singer will be performing four sold-out shows at the sydney opera house in may. he controversially banned meat products from being sold at the opera house during his upcoming shows. the group have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the fur.
stefan stoykov, a senior at north central high school in indianapolis, indiana, moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old. he could not speak a word of english and has been accepted into all eight ivy league schools. he has also heard from a further ten big league universities - brown, columbia, cornell, harvard and yale.
jalin smith-walker, 19, is wanted by police after video emerged showing her running over a rival with her car in a street fight. grand rapids, michigan police have an arrest warrant out for her in connection to the monday evening incident. in december, she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her for shoplifting. the victim, an unidentified 19-year-old, was treated for a leg injury at the hospital and has since been released.
barbie's style-centric instagram account, @barbiestyle, has more than 730,000 followers. the doll travels to international events and has 'thousands' of pieces of clothing and accessories. barbie's official instagram page has 434,000 fans.
more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point. half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely. big lottery funded survey was carried out to promote the big lunch. chloe jackson, 19, appeared on today's this morning to talk about how facebook makes her feel lonely.
sen. jason smalley rewrote the oklahoma transportation network company services act to give drivers the option to refuse gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender customers. originally, the bill prohibited companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity. smally rewrote it to allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination.
more than 70,000 people have signed petition to get spikes removed from outside leeds mcdonald's. fast food giant installed metal studs to stop people sleeping rough in leeds city centre. but critics say the spikes were installed to target the homeless. but the company says they were installed two years ago to stop anti-social behaviour.
defence secretary michael fallon says ed miliband is a 'backstabber' and cannot be trusted to keep trident. tories claim russian leader vladimir putin would be happy with miliband as prime minister. up to three-quarters of labour election candidates oppose replacement of trident submarine. mps who supported trident are being replaced by candidates who oppose it.
ophelia conant managed to crawl backwards out of her cot and get trapped between the horizontal handrail. 19-month-old was left dangling mid air by her neck and was only saved when her mother was watching her on the baby monitor. phillip dickens, who supplied the beds, was fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence. second toddler was found dangling from the bed with his forehead jammed against the handrail days later.
john frost says he ‘wouldn’t trust a nun with a crutch’ during his long career as a customs specialist at london airports. he says it is better to look ‘scruffily right’ than ‘too smartly wrong’ at the airport.
aluel manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the royal children's hospital on friday. her mother akon guode has been reunited with her five-year-old daughter. aueel believes her three siblings who died in a car crash were eaten by crocodiles.    mother was released from police custody after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash. akon's partner and mother of the children, awel, remains in a serious condition at the hospital.
finder.com.au money and real estate expert michelle hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home. change the door handles, paint the walls and de-clutter the wardrobes can add thousands of dollars to your home's value. put in new curtains and light fittings and a fresh coat of paint can also add value to a home. mowing the lawn and cleaning up the garden will also add to the presentation of your house.
hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad, commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention, to be banned. the advert features julia, 58, of mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer.
robin esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years. he is a former editor of the daily express gossip column. his best stories are from his days as editor of william hickey gossip column in the express. esser is now an elder statesman of the national press and works for daily mail.
foreign office accuses three british oil firms of working without permission off the falkland islands. it follows a provocative speech by argentinian president cristina fernandez de kirchner. foreign office summoned her ambassador to the uk, alicia castro, on wednesday. mr hammond has pledged to protect the islands from 'argentinian bullying'    argentina's deputy foreign minister summoned uk ambassador to complain about spying revelations by edward snowden.
australian entrepreneur jo burston, 43, turned over $40 million in her first four years of business. she started her first business job capital and has started eight companies. richard branson was her first investor and mentor. burston has launched a new venture 'inspiring rare birds' to empower women in business.
karen buckley, 24, disappeared from glasgow caledonia university club on sunday morning. she told friends she was going to the loo but did not return and did not collect her coat. she was last seen talking to a man outside the club and leaving his flat. police have tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect. miss buckley's handbag was found in a park near the man's flat and police are 'gravely concerned' for her safety. her parents have flown to scotland to help with the search for the missing student.
man was found in gniezno, western poland, in february claiming he has no memory of who he is or where he is from. he communicates only in english and only knows a few polish phrases. police have released images of the man and asked experts to identify his accent.
keith macdonald, 29, from sunderland, has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers. dubbed 'britain's most feckless father' after having 15 children by the age of 30. estimated to have already cost taxpayer over £2m and is back on the dating market. was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has split from unborn child's mother. macdonald says baby is not his - and he's single now after splitting from his most recent pregnant girlfriend. says he gets most of his women by chatting them up on the bus and has appeared in 40 kids by 20 women.
home office figures show crime victims are waiting up to a third longer for a response from police. response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent because of funding cuts. labour's shadow home secretary claims victims are being put at risk. home office dismisses the criticism claiming crime levels are continuing to fall.
freddie gray, 27, was arrested last sunday in baltimore, maryland, by four officers for an undisclosed violation. he died sunday morning after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' following his arrest by police. gray was taken to the hospital but died a week after his arrest. police are conducting a criminal investigation into the death of the black man.
dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his flat. he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for 20 years. his family claimed carer exploited 'vulnerable' widower who had parkinson's disease. but the mother-of-one insists he had a change of heart after falling out with his family. he died at the age of 87 four months later.
channel ten show the project accidentally used two clips of another comic jay pharoah. presenter waleed aly apologised for the blunder after viewers pointed it out on twitter. the project was promoting their upcoming interview with us comedian michael che. aly was the subject of a similar mix-up earlier this year when the age mistakenly used a photo of nazeem hussain.
billionaires are buying submarines and superyachts to explore the depths of the world's oceans. the migaloo by motion code: blue has a whale watch and a helipad, as well as a submarine. the super yacht sub 3 lets you explore the ocean beneath the surface in a superyacht. sir richard branson's super falcon and dragon by deepflight are also available.
omura's whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach in wa after tropical cyclone olwyn. it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia. authorities struggled to identify the whale as it was difficult to identify. the whale is usually found in indonesian waters, the philippines and the sea of japan.
the general election is just over two weeks away and election merchandise is flooding the shelves. ukip, lib dems and snp all have their own official and unofficial election memorabilia.   a range of political leader underwear, a snp picnic blanket and david cameron cupcake cases are on sale.
mohammed nisar, 55, was driving sole trader adrian quinn to walsall train station when passenger left bag in his taxi. he realised he had left the bag in the back seat of his car and returned it. mr quinn was carrying the money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance. he gave a cash reward to mohammed in an envelope marked 'to my best friend in the world'    mr nisars has returned a number of valuable items to passengers in the past and urges other taxi drivers to do the same.
the duchess of cambridge, 33, is a fan of hobbs, seraphine and asos during her second pregnancy. she is a huge fan of the mid-range label and has repeatedly worn it during pregnancy. the royal is also a huge fans of l.k bennett and jaeger. she has also worn a number of high street labels during her pregnancy.
charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after french air-traffic strikes. they were asked to provide airline letter confirming cancellation but were told to pay £10 fee. there were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across europe this month following strikes.
the beautification machine was created by austrian designers maya pindeus and johanna pichlbauer. it is composed of a lipstick wheel, eyeliner applicator and a mask. the robot was created for a university of vienna art project. women were filmed trying out the machine for the biennale exhibition.
robert ewing, 60, is accused of murdering 15-year-old paige chivers, from blackpool, lancashire, in august 2007. she vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home and no trace of her body has ever been found. he allegedly rang police anonymously two weeks before she went missing to tell officers a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep. ewing was said to have had an 'inappropriate sexual interest' in the schoolgirl and took advantage of her. he is currently on trial at preston crown court accused of murder and denies murder.
ronald and june phillips were travelling on a thomson celebration cruise ship off the coast of lanzarote. graeme finlay, 53, is accused of attacking the elderly couple. it is alleged he was 'ignored' when he sat with the couple in the restaurant. mr finlay denies unlawfully wounding mr phillip and causing grievous bodily harm at teesside crown court.
erica ann ginneti, 35, was referred to as 'dangling candy' by montgomery county court judge garrett d. page, who sentenced her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student.   the married mother of three from philadelphia, ginnetti pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. she will have to perform community service and register as a sex offender. the judge also reportedly asked 'what young man would not jump on that candy' before sentencing her. she first met her victim at his prom in may 2013 and they had sex in her car.
jeremy hunt said a future conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail'   all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry. royal college of nursing said nurses would struggle to comprehend six per cent pay rise for bosses. labour's andy burnham said labour will conduct a 'thorough' investigation.
dave heeley, 57, from west bromwich, ran the marathon des sables over six days. father-of-three ran through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks. he was the first blind man to run seven marathons on seven continents in 2008. competitors carry provisions on their backs and have to sleep in tents in the desert.
deputy labour leader refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares. george osborne said remarks showed labour would bring back the 'fuel duty escalator'    it raised the levy by the level of inflation plus 1p per litre, scrapped by the coalition in 2011.
more than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by gov. mike pence, there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county, indiana. that's up from 106 last week. pence has yet to decide whether to extend the 30-day program. since pence approved the temporary needle exchange, 5,322 clean syringes have been provided to 86 participants.
bill and denise richard wrote an op-ed for the boston globe, saying they oppose the death penalty for convicted terrorist dzhokhar tsarnaev. last week, a jury found tsarnaev guilty on all charges related to the april 15, 2013 boston marathon bombing. martin richard, 8, died at the finish line of the marathon, and his sister jane lost a leg. the richard family wrote the moving piece a day after the two-year anniversary of their son martin's death. next week marks the beginning of the penalty phase of tsarnaev's trial, in which the jury will decide whether to sentence him to death or life in prison.
star of the only way is essex, 34, has expanded her range for plus-size retailer evans. launched collection at manchester store today. seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses added to her popular range. she says collection is all about 'embracing your curves and feeling confident'
noelle baynham was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door. the 61-year-old's body was partially eaten by her pet dogs after being locked in the house for days. it is believed she collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication. the dogs tried to wake her before becoming desperate for food and eating her body. a pathologist could not determine exact cause of death because the dogs ate parts of her organs.
puno is a city of 100,000 on the shores of lake titicaca, one of the world's largest lakes. the floating uros islands are made from totora reeds, a type of grass. the city's fiestas combine spanish and inca traditions and last for days.
eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was discovered during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in gdansk, poland. it dates back to the second half of the 18th century and was found during a dig of an ancient toilet in the city of gdans.
48 per cent of people said parking charges should be free, while 31 per cent said they are too high. atm cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges also topped the list of most-loathed charges. poll by insurer direct line found 48 per cent thought they were unreasonable.
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in naracoorte at about midday on sunday. she was driving a friend's car to mount gambier in south australia's southeast. her car was discovered abandoned on the side of the road in the centre of the town. the 25-year-old was found after spending the night in a national park in glenelg conservation park.
the teenager from mossley, greater manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online. he was caught after an investigation was launched by counter-terrorism unit in january. he pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin and will be sentenced later this month. dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods online without being found by search engines.
us has deployed aircraft carrier uss theodore roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off the coast of yemen in response to 'deteriorating security situation'   nine iranian cargo vessels suspected of carrying weapons to the houthi rebels known as houthis. presence raised fears within saudi-led coalition which is helping yemen's government fight off rebels. but pentagon spokesman refused to say whether the us fleet would intercept the fleet if it neared a yemeni port. coalition of arab countries backed by america continued aerial assault on the rebels today, killing at least 20 in capital sana'a.
attacker detonated explosive-laden motorcycle outside a bank in jalalabad, afghanistan. targeted crowd of military personnel and civilians waiting to receive their monthly salaries. more than 100 people have been injured and another 125 are in a critical condition. islamic state has since claimed responsibility for the attack, president ghani said.
health gurus say pumpkin seed oil can help enhance mood, renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms. pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins a, k and e, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids. gwyneth paltrow uses the nutrient-rich seeds in many of her healthy recipes.
the knightsbridge flat, london, has just three years left on the lease and is on sale for £575,000. the three-bedroom property is in one of the most expensive areas to live in britain. but if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of £6 million. the property is being sold for £191,000 per year, or £15,000 a month - the going rate for a three-bed flat in the area.
naomi, 44, and 24-year-old jourdan are faces of burberry's new eyewear range, the gabardine collection. the pair first teamed up for spring/summer 2015 campaign. they model trench coats and dresses for the luxury fashion house.
jia huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural china that sell for up to £22,000 each. he quit his job as a civil servant to revive the dying art of chinese sword making. the technique dates back 2,000 years to the han dynasty. mr jia moved to a remote farm with his wife to set up his own workshop to produce the blades. he has previously worked as a fish farmer, fish farmer and a sales rep.
abdul hadi arwani, 48, was found with gunshot wounds to his chest on a street in wembley, west london. he was a fierce critic of president bashar al-assad and may have been killed by regime. father of six was found slumped in volkswagen passat with wounds to chest on tuesday morning. his family have paid tribute to 'the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet' as counter-terror police continue to investigate murder.
the australian fashion crowd are bringing their children along to mercedes-benz fashion week. style blogger hass murad and pr maven roxy jacenko both brought their daughters along. pixie curtis, three, was the youngest attendee at toni maticevski's show. the children are following in the footsteps of the beckhams and kimye.
waitrose announced the early arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year. strawberries are also already on the shelves - far earlier than normal. morrisons predicted britain would have best crop of asparagus for nearly a decade. thanks to endless days of sun and temperatures english tomatoes and asparagu are already on shelves.
janek zylinski is the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939. he posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of the ukip leader. mr farage was today forced to defend his stance on immigration after meeting an eastern european worker.
labour leader ed miliband said the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing' while serious criminals 'are being let off the hook'   labour claims police are'struggling to keep up' with rise in child sexual exploitation, terrorism and online crime. party's police adviser lord stephens is to be investigated over allegations of a cover-up of police corruption in the lawrence murder probe.
the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the 57-room mansion homeden. around 25 years ago, the distinctive toorak home was converted into a chauffeur's residence. the conversion took place at the same time homeden was being tuned into a block of flats. the property is expected to fetch up to $3.5 million when it goes under the hammer.
isabelle obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg. believes a diet rich in minerals, vitamins, essential fats and proteins can prepare body for conception. one in seven couples have trouble conceiving - and it's not clear why. isabelle, who runs nurture me fertility, reveals ten top foods to boost fertility.
petri kurti, 13, murdered 47-year-old glynis bensley as she walked home in smethwick, west midlands. he was jailed for minimum of 12 years imprisonment for murder and robbery. court heard he was 'running wild' and boasted about the attack after the murder. his co-defendant zoheb majid, 20, was sentenced to 10 years behind bars for manslaughter and robbery .
jessica bialek returned home to her husband sabino matera and daughter on thursday evening. the mother-of-one was last seen leaving her home in coogee, sydney, on wednesday morning. her husband issued a heartfelt thank you to everyone who helped find his wife. the 37-year-old was reported missing after she vanished on the way to the bank. her father michael bialek made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts.
jeremy clarkson said receiving cancer warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life. 55-year-old was told by doctor two days before assaulting bbc producer oisin tymon. he was sacked by corporation after an 'unprovoked' attack in hawes, north yorkshire. he said top gear show had come to dominate his life after his divorce and death of his mother.
police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to in relation to a suspected arson attack on a catholic church in melbourne. a fire was started at st mary's church in dandenong, at 2am on wednesday. police are treating the blaze as suspicious. the church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by paedophile father kevin o'donnell.   police are investigating whether the blaze is connected to two other suspicious fires at two other catholic churches with links to paedophile priests.
harry was out with his parents in cambridge on bank holiday monday when he was caught under a cyclist's wheel. the 18-month-old was dragged face first along the pavement after being dragged along the path. harry was left covered in blood and had cuts and bruises to his face, head and legs. police have urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident.
jim jepps used blog daily maybe to defend 'rape fantasies' and describe paedophiles as 'complex human beings' green party leader natalie bennett has distanced herself from the blog posts. she insists he is a 'private individual not involved in party politics'   green party stresses they do not 'want to be associated' with his internet rants. ms bennett and mr jepps have been dating for five years after meeting online.
linda mclean was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in halfway, oregon when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun and pulled the trigger.    she believed for a several moments that she was going to die. doctors diagnosed mclean with post-traumatic stress disorder and urged her to return to the school. she is now suing the school board, the masked safety officer and school administrators for damages.
stephanie scott's father robert has opened up about the grief his family is feeling after her murder. stephanie's body was found in bushland the day before her wedding. the 26-year-old leeton school teacher went missing on easter sunday. she was due to marry her fiance aaron leeson-woolley on saturday april 11. her father says it is especially painful that she had so much to look forward to. he says he has contemplated the afterlife but is confident his daughter is in 'the best possible place'    ms scott was a bubbly and thoughtful personality who was full of love and happiness.
musk proposed that google buy tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions. in march 2013, musk contacted google co-founder larry page. beset by technical problems on its flagship model s, the electric-car company in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy. musk's proposal was rejected by page, who said a car company is 'pretty far from what google knows' but the company reported its first profit in may 2013.
researchers at george washington university claim civilisations were hit by a 'perfect storm' of disasters 3,200 years ago. professor eric cline claims a series of droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and rebellions led to the collapse of the great civilisations. egypt, babylonians, minoans and mycenians were unable to cope with the events. the sea peoples were previously blamed for the downfall of the civilisations, but professor cline says they may have been unfairly blamed.
brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely than average to commit similar crimes. biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line. sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending were four times more likely to be convicted. just 2.5% of brothers of sex offenders were convicted of similar crimes, compared with 0.5 per cent of the general population.
kate t. parker, from atlanta, georgia, was inspired to create her photo series strong is the new pretty while looking at photos of her daughters ella, nine, and alice, six. ms parker photographed her daughters and their friends playing sports and enjoying their childhoods. the series aims to empower the girls and honor their personal interests.
the philadelphia eagles officially signed 27-year-old quarterback tim tebow to a one-year deal on monday. tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the nfl since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season. the team announced the contract monday but did not disclose the financial terms. heisman trophy winner tebow worked out with the eagles last month.
annabel jensen, grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse, all from utah, have realized they are transgender. church of latter day saints does not officially recognize transgender identity. but the three have managed to stay devout members of the church. around 30 transgender mormons meet every week in a support group.
mick tabone, 74, owned and ran johnstone river crocodile farm and zoo in far-north queensland. he first came across a crocodile called 'gregory' in 1989. the 5.2 metre croc was captured after he was found stealing a farmer's cattle. the croc shared a special bond with mick and spent time with him every day. the farmer would sit on gregory's back and chatted to him for 20 years. mr tabone said he never felt in danger and was never frightened by the crocodile. he was captured by rangers after a warrant was issued to kill the creature.
the golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the elvis at the o2 exhibition from sunday. normally on display at graceland, the singer’s former home-turned-museum. it was made for the singer by hollywood tailor nudie cohn. although touted as his $10,000 suit, the actual value was closer to $2,500.
max maisel went missing on february 21 after his car was found abandoned on the shore of lake ontario in new york. 21-year-old was last seen leaving his vehicle near rochester institute of technology. his body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from coast guard station on monday. he is the son of senior espn writer ivan maisels and was a photography student.
rafi meitiv, 10, and his sister dvora, 6, were picked up by police and maryland cps for five hours on sunday after being left alone in a suburb of washington, dc. rafi and his scientist parents danielle and alexander are 'free-range' parents who espouse a hands-off parenting style. a concerned citizen called police and cps after seeing the children walking alone in silver spring. the children were held for six hours without food before being reunited with their parents. the parents have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping the children in custody.
faux-gothic victorian castle hotel mohonk mountain house sits in the heart of the hudson valley in new york state. the lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages. the hotel is a teetotal retreat for the great and good.
adelaide crows captain taylor 'tex' walker was pictured offering a helping hand to seven-year-old satine cahill. satine was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against north melbourne at adelaide oval on sunday. she burst into tears just moments before leading the afl side onto the field. the pig-tailed girl became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium. tex quickly stepped up to help calm satine down before taking her hand and walking with her on the field .
westley capper, 37, has already admitted driving agnese klavina, 30, away from aqwa mist nightclub in marbella. she disappeared after a night out at the celebrity nightspot on september 6 last year. property developer's son refused to be questioned after refusing to appear in court. co-accused craig porter, 33, also refused to answer questions at closed court hearing. both men have admitted being in the car with the blonde waitress when she vanished. police believe she was forced into the car and that capper drove her away from the club.
charlotte li, 26, from london, decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe after taking selfies to stay motivated. she chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies and compared it to her body. she and joe launched the app after taking a series of selfies following an indulgent christmas.
justin welby will say 148 christian students were 'witnesses' to their faith and suffered 'cruel deaths'   comments follow pope francis's denunciation of'senseless' killings at garissa university college. three people have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the attack.
the 16-year-old girl took to twitter days after rachel lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. she was arrested for allegedly hosting a drunken party at her home in evans, georgia, and playing naked twister with her daughter and friends. the mom-of-five, who has five children, allegedly had sex with an 18-year old man in the bathroom and used sex toys on herself. she later awoke to find a 16- year-old having sex with her. her daughter defended her mother, saying: 'everyone makes mistakes' and insisted that her mother 'used to be a great
video shows jihadi attempting to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces near kirkuk in northern iraq. car was catapulted into the air after apparently hitting a road-side bomb. as it begins to fall back down to earth, the car detonates like a firework.
edwin 'jock' mee accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 at army careers centre in croydon, south london. he allegedly told 18-year-old her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him. mee, 46, denies 17 counts of sexual assault and three counts of rape.
sir ranulph fiennes, 71, was taken to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart. he completed the most gruelling stage of the marathon des sables but had to lie down intermittently to continue. explorer said he became 'woozy' and thought he was going to faint. he previously suffered two heart attacks and has undergone a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes. more than 75 people have dropped out of the six-day race.
robert mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings when he arrived into south africa for a state visit. it emerged amid claims the president of zimbabwe is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him. mugabe is said to be keen for his daughter bona to step up as president after him.
gaza police have seized the work 'under a court order' from bilal khaled, accused of buying it for $200. he claims he bought it from the darduna family without telling them its real value. the now homeless family say they were 'tricked' into selling it. the mural shows greek goddess niobe weeping on the door of a bombed out gaza home. khaled claims he has paperwork to prove he owns it, but the family says they feel cheated by the sale.
robert 'bob' burns jr died late friday in a single-vehicle crash near cartersville, georgia. he was a founding member of the southern hard rock band lynyrd skynyrd and played on its first two albums. burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve. burns, 64, was killed in the wreck and was not wearing a seatbelt.   burns was about 125 miles away from where duane allman died in a 1971 motorcycle crash when he was 24.
korean demilitarized zone was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the north from the south. it is located along the no-man's land between the north and south and is a popular surf spot for south korea's middle class. photos captured at the site show a mix of people and military installations on the remote and remote beaches.
gerry pickens, 28, was fired by police chief of police in orting, washington, after a year on the force. he claims he was the butt of racist jokes and was called a 'token black guy' by colleagues. he is now suing the town for $5million after vandals sprayed n-word on his car. pickens was the first black man ever to be hired as a police officer in the small town.
richard ilczyszyn, a leading financial broker, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' in the bathroom on orange county-bound flight. flight attendants allegedly left him in the cubicle and let off all other passengers before calling paramedics. his wife kelly, a southwest flight attendant, is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline.
doug hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt and landed a gyrocopter on the capitol lawn carrying 535 letters for all 535 members of congress. he is under house arrest at his home in ruskin, florida. hughes was charged with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft. the secret service has decided not to prosecute hughes' wife, alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan. mrs hughes said she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot'
labour leader ed miliband announced plans to overhaul britain's non-domicile regime. labour aides said it would raise as much as £1billion but tax advisers say it could cost the treasury billions. shadow chancellor ed balls admitted he did not know how much extra cash it could raise. mr miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-doms. but labour is proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years.
tiger woods hit a tree root on the ninth hole at augusta during the final round of the masters. the 39-year-old was in agony and grabbed his wrist in agony. he later revealed his wrist bone had 'popped out' of place. the four-time masters champion was forced to put it back in himself. woods finished the tournament at 5-under-par after finishing 13 strokes behind jordan spieth.
the clip shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio. facebook deemed the clip as containing 'potentially offensive nudity'   the video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on sunday. the show's co-creator rachel clements called facebook's decision'silly and disrespectful to the women who were dancing'
mr macgregor, 68, has been at the helm of the museum since 2002 and said it was 'a difficult thing' to leave. he previously ran the national gallery and ran a history of the world in 100 objects radio series. he has been director of the british museum for 13 years and has led it since 2002. the museum's chairman said he has done an 'outstanding' job.
mercury is expected to reach 25c (77f) in the south east today, beating marseille, athens, rome and madrid. temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but will remain sunny until middle of next week. maximum temperature recorded yesterday was 22.7c in st james's park in london.
new york photographer justin bettman caught the media's attention when he began his'set in the street' project in december 2014. jose luis proposed to his girlfriend on a set designed and built by the photographer. although it looks like a dining room, the photo shoot actually took place on the edge of the water in williamsburg, brooklyn, where the couple had their first date. bett man's girlfriend thought they had been cast in a photo shoot.
david hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in july 2012. he was told he had between 18 months and five years to live after undergoing treatment. doctors told him the cancer was terminal and he tried cannabis oil as a last resort. father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in january.
in 1996, at the age of 9, kathy bush was accused of deliberately making her daughter, jennifer bush, ill for attention. kathy was taken from her family and put in foster care after a health care worker reported kathy to police. she was convicted of aggravated child abuse and sentenced to five years in prison. k kathy bush's now 27-year-old daughter spoke out on wednesday to say she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she was never abused.
man was driving to visit his mother in china when he saw an injured woman lying by the side of the road. he drove past and decided not to stop to help as it would be too much trouble. when he returned to the scene of the accident he found his mother covered in blood and dying. he called police but his mother died on the way to hospital.
mitchelle blair, 35, from michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old stoni ann blair and stephen gage berry. blair yelled at alex dorsey, father of one of the children found dead in a freezer, during a parental rights termination hearing. she was removed from the court when she failed to stop shouting.
prince harry is in australia to report for official military duty. he has declared'selfies are bad' during his visit to the australian war memorial in canberra. the royal was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the war memorial. he is on a four-week attachment to the army and is in the last weeks of his service.
scottish first minister said she would regard an 'out' vote in the tories' proposed poll on eu membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the uk.   she intends to be in london on may 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead snp's negotiating team in event of hung parliament. miss sturgeon said she - not her predecessor alex salmond - would take charge of any talks.
only the japanese, south koreans and singaporeans are moodier when day breaks. brits get more time in bed than most other nations - seven hours 22 minutes a night. but we don't feel as refreshed in the morning, according to users of sleep cycle app.
lindsey vonn was back at augusta friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods play in the second round of the masters. woods played a solid round, carding a three-under-par 69 but looked stressed at times. woods is still 12 strokes behind the leader, 21-year-old jordan spieth.
officer michael slager, 33, has been charged with the murder of 50-year-old walter scott. he was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his mercedes in north charleston, south carolina. police report confirms man was detained with scott and put in the back of a police car. the man could shed light on what happened between officer slager and scott . slager was allowed to stay with the force, despite being the subject of a complaint that alleged he used excessive force on an unarmed man. michael slager shot dead father-of-four scott five times in back as he ran away from the officer.
david, 53, and wife sandra greatrex, 52, from plymouth, were harassmed by david's sister anne. anne had set up her brother with one of her best friends. she became jealous of the relationship and started sending threatening texts to sandra.   anne called the registry office and cancelled the couple's wedding using a fake email address. the couple were forced to take anne to court for harassment and she was jailed for eight weeks.
clarence taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in akron, ohio last fall. taylor told police that a group of men tied him to the tree after stealing $2,500 from him. his 45-year-old girlfriend called police to report him missing after he was missing for several days. a warrant was issued for his arrest but he remains at large.
snp leader nicola sturgeon's dress divided opinion on twitter during bbc contenders' debate. many viewers thought it was grey, while others insisted it was green. snp leader, 44, wore the frock for her appearance on the bbc debate last night.
clint gee had planned to reunite his mother, elizabeth hobbs, with his father, alex gee, who died in 1964. mr gee makes the five-hour journey to his father's grave-site every year to look after it. but the local council failed to dig a hole for his mother's ashes. he was forced to dig the hole himself after a council 'co-ordination error' meant work was not done to the burial plot. western downs regional council mayor ray brown apologised to the family and provided a refund.
shanay walker was found cold and rigid in her bed with 50 separate bruises across her body last july. kay-ann morris, 23, is on trial at nottingham crown court charged with her niece's murder. prosecution claim youngster was subject to'repeated acts of cruelty' at hands of her aunt and grandmother. shanay had food shoved in her mouth and was struck on the hands with a hairbrush, jury told. morris told police she had fallen down the stairs and told officers she was 'distressed' and 'erratic'   morris was arrested and charged with the murder of her seven-year-old niece, who was found
new figures reveal at least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year. hidden cameras credited with a 25 per cent spike in speeding fines could be banned from motorways. labour has pledged to repaint all motorway speed cameras yellow if it wins the election. conservatives are already moving to scrap the controversial cameras if they are criticised.
daniel boykin, 33, was sentenced to six months prison for unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes. more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim were discovered on boykin’s phone and computer, and he broke into her home five times. boykin was found with 92 videos of the woman, 29 of which were filmed in a bathroom at nashville international airport. he was fired from his job as a transportation security administration agent after the stalking case.
empty pool at bondi's icebergs club pool was drained for mercedes-benz fashion week australia. ten pieces produces capsule collection of ten pieces of unisex clothing designed to be worn in 20 ways. models walked through the concrete pool and along the break wall with a backdrop of the ocean.
two 17-year-olds from dewsbury, west yorkshire, believed to have travelled to war-torn syria after going to turkey. hassan munshi and talha asmal billed by families as two 'ordinary yorkshire lads'   imam of mosque used by relatives of boys said muslims must talk to other teenagers who'might be looking at them and thinking this is the way'  next-door neighbours were reportedly seen playing snooker at dewsburys' snooking centre a week ago.
kim kardashian, 34, spoke with elle.com about her one-year-old daughter north west's style preferences and independence. the reality tv star said the toddler is 'obsessed' with make-up and loves to watch her mother get ready. the mother-of-one also revealed that north loves to carry her own 'purse' and carries her own luggage around the house.
christian longo was sentenced to death for murdering his wife and three children in oregon in 2001. he stuffed their bodies in suitcases and dumped them in bays to 'escape the shackles of domestic life' then went on alcohol-fuelled trip to mexican where he posed as a shamed new york times reporter. he believes he can no longer be redeemed for his crimes. a film about his life, true story, starring james franco and jonah hill, has been released.
president barack obama arrived at the alfred street baptist church in alexandria, virginia, on sunday morning with his wife and daughters. pastor rev howard-john wesley urged the congregation not to take selfies with the president. the service was a warm up for tomorrow's annual easter roll at the white house. barack and michelle will perform their dance to uptown funk at the event.
janet faal, 57, was trying to move a wooden pallet when she fell down the manhole in crawley, west sussex. grandmother-of-four has suffered from agoraphobia for a decade. she has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the hole. miss faal was out with a friend when she was forced to leave home for the third time in 10 years. she spent an hour waiting in agony on the forecourt of complete tyre services after falling.
actress paula duncan has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43. the cop shop star attempted to take her own life in an interview with studio 10. her teenage daughter jessica orcsik was the one who found her after a suicide attempt. duncan says her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression. she suffered a marriage break down to fellow actor john orcsik, and then a second marriage breakdown to steve mason. the 62-year-old is best known as the bubbly face of ajax spray'n'wipe.
alan lawrence created a photo series called 'wil can fly' in which his 18-month-old son, wil, who has down syndrome, appears to be flying. the father of five, alan lawrence, created the photo series to raise awareness about down syndrome. wil was born with the disorder in october 2013. lawrence plans to donate half the proceeds of the calendar to two down syndrome foundations.
abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, from columbus, ohio, was a naturalized american citizen of somali descent. his brother, abdifatah aden, was killed fighting with al qaeda in syria in 2013. he was arrested in february on state charges of money laundering and providing support for terrorism. court documents say he was instructed by a cleric to return to the us and carry out an act of terror. he left the us a year ago with the intent to travel to syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al-qaeda in iraq. the 23-year-old's brother was killed
the new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys. blue origin is owned by amazon.com founder jeff bezos. the firm expects to begin flight tests this year. it is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers to altitudes of 62 miles (100 km) above earth.
kenne worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at longview elementary school in phoenix last august and the relationship turned sexual in january. he was arrested on friday and charged with luring a minor for sexual exploitation, child molestation and sexual conduct with a minor. he allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an ipod app. earlier this year, he allegedly asked her mother if the girl could stay late after school. on april 10, she told police that he had sexual contact with her at the school. he has taught sixth grade for two years and has a two-year-old daughter.
a new report from suncorp bank suggests australians spent $20 billion on digital devices and services in the last year. men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories and mobile apps. over one third of households don't budget for technology or wildly underestimate how much they spend.
a large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in wa has shut down streets in central melbourne. several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station flinders street at 4pm on friday. this comes as the queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer after claims the word 'abor' was written on his station roster. as many as half of the state's 270 remote communities could be closed down.
scientists quizzed more than 5,000 british teenagers about their drinking habits and films. those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol. between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular uk films depicted alcohol use.
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998. he was only accepted to st. louis university school of medicine after changing his appearance and joining a black student organization. he claims his sister mindy kaling told him not to do it and that he dropped out before he qualified as a doctor. he did not even complete his medical degree. he used his experience as an example of what was 'wrong' with affirmative action.
president barack obama defended a framework nuclear agreement with iran as a 'once-in-a-lifetime opportunity' to prevent a bomb. iran has agreed to restrict its nuclear program in exchange for relief from economic sanctions. obama said the u.s. would stand by israel if it were to be attacked. he said he was looking forward to 'a new era' of relations with iranian president hassan rouhani.
lindsay jo rimer went missing from hebden bridge and her body was found in a canal five months later. she was 13 when she went missing after going to the shops in west yorkshire. the teenager's body was discovered in rochdale canal weighed down with a 20lb rock. her sister kate rimer has spoken of her family's struggle to find her killer as the 20th anniversary of her death approaches. she described the struggle as a 'life sentence' for the family as detectives launch a new bid to find lindsay's killer.
rspca south australia released photos of a pet owner's squalor living conditions in adelaide. the owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide adequate living conditions for his three cats. the cats were in poor physical condition when they were seized by animal welfare in september.   the owner was granted to have two of his cats returned under rspca's supervision.
photographs show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of heron island in queensland, australia. software engineer scott carr was looking for photos to take before his wedding when he came across the images. it is thought that the fish are instinctively frightened of the shark. the fish create a pocket of clear water between themselves and the shark to keep it out of the way.
samantha fleming and her newborn daughter serenity were last seen in anderson on april 5. the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in gary on friday. police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin. the body is believed to be that of samantha fleming, who was reported missing with her daughter. police were led to gary after fleming's cell phone signal was picked up in the city 180 miles away. the alleged kidnapper, 36, was found at a hospital in texas.
jason warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who pulled matthew sitko, 23, from his car after he crashed his car on wednesday morning in lewiston, idaho. but after saving the man, warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene. he was working at the time of the crash and had to go to work. sitko crashed while driving erratically and ended up dangling over the edge of a canyon cliff. he only suffered minor injuries and is recovering.
george was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in north wales. he was found on a doorstep in west yorkshire five weeks later after apparently hitching a ride in a caravan. the 18-year-old tabby cat was found by julia hill, who found him outside her home in calderdale. he has now been reunited with owners steven davison and his wife susan. but the mammoth journey took its toll on the cat and he was diagnosed with cat flu.
labour leader was out campaigning in bristol this morning - his first public appearance since saturday. mr miliband decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family. after a low-key day campaigning in doncaster on saturday, he spent all of easter sunday and monday with family. david cameron, nick clegg, nigel farage and nicola sturgeon were also out on the campaign trail.
nick loeb, 39, says he's always 'dreamed' of being a father. says he wants to use the embryos to have children of his own. the modern family star, 42, filed a lawsuit to keep frozen embryos in august. she denies she wants to destroy the embryos. the pair created the embryos in 2013.
pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone - they found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation. they found they were found to be emitting    of radiation from an advanced alien race. this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars. however, further research is needed to confirm that is the case.
broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from bbc's rugby league coverage to crufts. the 44-year-old married alice arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year. she said it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
system uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit around the earth. could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials into orbit. being developed by tethers unlimited, a nasa-back firm. could be used to build solar panels, trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit.
the egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as pharaoh's palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in tampa, florida. an adult-themed party dubbed'midsummer night wet dream' got the mansion, bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds, its first noise complaint. the mansion also became where sean grey, its manager, and nicholas worlds ran a modeling agency dubbed pharaoh's daughters. after months of complaints both grey and the mansion's manager got hit with code violations.
chelsea clinton is opening up about motherhood, life in the public eye and why the united states needs a female president in a new interview with elle magazine. clinton, whose mother hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this sunday, said it is time the u.s. had a female leader.   clinton also talks about life with daughter charlotte.
abase hussen blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join is earlier this year. he took her to an extremist rally when she was 13 and said she was'maybe' influenced by it. his daughter amira abase fled to syria aged 15 and is now a 'jihadi bride'   mr hussen was caught in video footage at a flag-burning rally with anjem choudary and michael adebowale in london in 2012.
artisan confectioners choc on choc's limited edition political chocolates collection comes in three different flavours. ed miliband, nick clegg and david cameron's bars come in red raspberry and blueberry flavours. £3.99 bars are available in milk belgium and come in white and dark chocolate.
the final day of mercedes-benz fashion week australia kicked off with the romance was born show at the art gallery of nsw. design duo luke sales and anna plunkett presented their new collection 'cooee couture'   the collection is filled with colourful designs in bold colours and prints.
alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home in wednesbury, west midlands. seven-year-old dog ran out of the woods in front of rspca inspector stephanie law's van and started barking. he was reunited with owner kirsty mitton, who travelled from buckinghamshire to pick him up. dog had been missing for 12 days after being stolen with her second terrier lillie, who was also stolen.
kvin jonas rojano-nieto, 20, was found guilty of raping a three-year-old girl at his family home in june. superior court judge m. marc kelly said he 'did not intend to harm' the girl. the mandatory sentence for a child rapist is 25-years to life. prosecutor have said they will appeal the decision.
the original 1959 barbie doll goes back on sale this saturday in australia for the original 1959 price of $3.00. myer have teamed up with mattel to re-produce the dolls. the dolls are newly produced but modelled on the iconic doll. the first 100 customers at five of myer city stores will get the doll for the special heritage price.
the royal family spent the easter holiday on the island of mallorca. king felipe, queen letizia and their daughters princess sofia and princess leonor attended the service at palma cathedral. it is the first time the princesses, 9 and 7, have been seen in public for months.
ukip leader made remarks after being asked to justify scarcity of black and asian faces in manifesto. only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid. mr farage said the party's immigration spokesman steven woolfe was 'half black'   he said there was a 'half-black' party spokesman featured prominently - and 'one fully black person'
the 69-year-old collaborated with nbc'stoday show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding'   the winning duo - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday, april 23.
employment rose above 31million in the three months to february - 557,000 higher than a year before. the conservatives’ economic strategy also won international endorsement. imf chief christine lagarde and german finance minister praised chancellor george osborne. david cameron said the conservatives had overseen a ‘jobs miracle’   britain has created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the eu put together.
kim kardashian, husband kanye west and daughter north are in the capital yerevan on an eight-day visit to armenia. the family are staying at the marriott hotel in the heart of the cultural and business hub of the city. the visit is their first to the country of her dad's birth.
margaret and gary mazan from bradford, west yorkshire, had 14 red setters seized by rspca inspectors. the animals were found in filthy cages in a garden shed with matted fur and dehydrated. couple were jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets. couple failed to seek veterinary care for their eyes and injuries to their tails.
brussels will say that google has used dominance to divert internet users from rivals to its own services. google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe's search engine market. margrethe vestager, the eu's competition commissioner, will today serve google with a formal charge sheet. the ruling is the result of a five-year investigation into the search giant.
senator bob corker, a republican from tennessee, has denied partisan politics in washington dc could derail america's landmark agreement to curb iran's nuclear capabilities. countering president barack obama's previous assertion, he said congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal' negotiators announced a framework deal on thursday. israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has criticized the framework as deeply flawed and a threat to israel's very existence.
tracy cox says eye contact is the most effective way to signal sexual interest. she says it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention. tracey says there are five techniques that are scientifically proven to get you noticed. she explains how to use your peepers to get people to look at you.
new training will commence at los angeles international airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union. complaint was filed on behalf of malaika singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other. the tsa said the re-training will stress 'race neutrality'   the administration will track of pat-downs complaints filed by african-american women throughout the country.
jordan sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on friday by police in mckinney, texas, after police say he confessed to giving a gun to friend raymond howell, jr. raymond's body was found in a ditch on thursday morning. police say sharifi led them to howell's body before confessing he stole a gun from a family he was staying with and gave it to his friend. he says he found the body of raymond, 14, in a rain culvert and found the gun beneath him. sharifi was charged with fabricating or tampering with evidence, theft of a firearm and making a firearm accessible to a child.
thieves targeted 13 shops in two-month crime spree in tipton, west midlands, stealing £2,000 worth of cigarettes and £30,000 in cars. they used pink umbrellas to hide their faces as they raided convenience stores and electrical shops. the gang also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers. group have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
rebecca hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend georgina bartter with 'purple speaker' ecstasy pills. ms bartter died after taking the pills at the harbourlife dance festival in november last year. she was 19 when she collapsed on the dance floor and died from multiple organ failure. police alleged she bought the pills from her friend matthew forti, 19. ms hannibal had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but changed her plea to guilty. she will appear in court on june 10 for sentencing.
natasha elderfield, 41, is accused of murdering boyfriend robert dobinson, 33, on the banks of the river thames in abingdon, oxfordshire. court heard she chased her partner off boat after he arrived home to find her having sex with her lover. she told police officers who arrested her 'it's so funny'    mr dobinsons' trousers were around his ankles and he was found with stab wounds after she chased him off the boat.
brazilian commuter nelson felippe took a photo of a'scene' on a train platform and posted it on facebook. the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours. the post spoofs conservative attitudes. the viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant at the scene.
islam will be the fastest growing religion in the world over the next four decades but christians will remain the largest group in 2050. number of christians in the us will decline from three quarters of population in 2010 to two thirds by 2050. percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall while muslims will outnumber christians by 2070. global buddhist population will remain roughly the same but hindu and jewish populations will be larger.
los angeles judge richard fruin jr. awarded shelly sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought. lawyers for sterling had argued that the gifts were made when donald sterling was separated from his wife. during the course of their 2 1/2 years together, sterling had given stiviano a ferrari, a bentley and a range rover.
the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called tarp that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers. it teaches the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells. it is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer. u.s. national cancer institute is using the vaccine on 70 men. it could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially other cancers.
awel manyang, five, believes her three siblings who died in a melbourne lake crash were eaten by crocodiles. her mother akon guode crashed her 4wd into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne's outer west on wednesday.    she was released from police custody after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash. her daughter awel remains in a serious condition at the royal children's hospital but remembers the accident. she believes her younger sister and two brothers were killed by a crocodile because the children associate the reptiles with water.
british physicist stephen hawking has sung monty python's galaxy song. the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015. professor hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside professor brian cox. it is a cover of the song from 1983 film montypython's meaning of life. the music video is a recreation of the show's famous song, and is available digitally this week, and available on vinyl this weekend.
wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda. she died late saturday at her home in sarasota, florida. wallenda's husband, richard faughnan, died in 1962 when a human pyramid collapsed.   wallenda was inducted into the ring of fame in 2008.
lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood star rock hudson from 1962 until 1965. garlington says he would sneak over to the actor's house after work and leave first thing in the morning to keep his sexuality a secret. the two would bring a female date with them whenever they went out, and would hide the fact that they were dating. hudton was briefly married to phyllis gates from 1955 to 1958. he once called garlington his 'one true love'
marie hunt of spring green, wisconsin, was born in 1911. unable to get to her high school six miles away, she dropped out of school and helped to care for her eight younger siblings. her hospice nurse contacted the local high school after she regretted not graduating. ms. hunt was presented with an honorary diploma 87 years after she would have graduated.
matthew bird, from ashburton, new zealand, quit his job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic. he was happy to give up his $70,000 a year pay check to pay $554 a month in child support payments. inland revenue recently amended their child support formula which took effect on april 1. mr bird has three children and was expected to pay around $1,900 a month.
senior constable neale mcshane has spent ten years working in birdsville in far south-west queensland. he is set to retire later this year as one of the most remotely stationed police officers in australia. the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states. temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, with a population of only 100 people. he said the isolation of the job was a far cry from his previous police work.
the actress is selling the manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband bruce willis with an asking price of $75million. if it sells for that much, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the upper west side. moore and willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the san remo apartment building in 1990. they split up in 2000 and moore says she doesn't spend much time at the home anymore.
posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across the grangetown suburb of cardiff. read: 'democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of allah'   cardiff council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening' by locals.
deaths in britain, which have been falling for 40 years, will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades. report by think tank predicts numbers of deaths will rise by 20% over next 20 years. price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation and undertakers' bills. more than half of uk households have less than £3,000 in savings and will struggle to cover funeral costs.
teller lake in boulder, colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 gold fish. wildlife officials say it started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the lake two or three years ago. the fish are not a native species and are threatening to over-run the natural species in the water. officials are now considering two options - electroshocking the fish or draining the lake.
nicole mihai, 34, was told by new zealand immigration that she must return to romania. she separated from her partner after a two-year relationship. the immigration agency told her she must leave her son, chris, behind. a ruling from the family court said her son must remain within 50 kilometres of his father. she vows to fight this battle until the end and will not give up her life with her son.
new research has found certain items on sale at poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets. budget retailer last week announced sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year. shoppers are being charged more per unit of certain products compared with bigger retailers.
the 41-year-old man is accused of posting a 'blasphemous' status on his facebook page after watching news about the iraq war. he told police he received the image over whatsapp but later admitted to posting it. indian salesman faces up to seven years in prison and a fine of up to £186,000 if found guilty.
apple watch is available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment. watch goes on sale officially on april 24, online and through appointments in apple stores. apple ceo tim cook predicted demand would exceed supply at product launch. the watch is apple's first foray into luxury goods market.
ars borough council in northern ireland put on taxpayer-funded dinner to ‘maintain morale’ and encourage workers to do a good job. staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor. ards borough council will merge with neighbouring north down borough council next week. newry and mourne council has spent £10,700 on staff christmas parties over the last three years.
feidin santana, 23, visited the family's charleston, south carolina home on thursday to meet with the family of walter scott, 50, who was shot dead by officer michael slager on saturday. officer slager fired eight shots at scott as he fled from police after he was pulled over for a broken tail light. as he ran away,  santana recorded the incident on his cell phone camera and later released the video. slager, 33, has been charged with murder in the shooting of the army veteran and father-of-four.
the queen's account @britishmonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers in less than six months. king felipe and queen letizia of spain are second and the duke and duchess of cambridge are third. the prince of wales and prince harry are the most followed royal politicians on twitter. singer katy perry is the world's most followed person on twitter with 68m followers.
her majesty the queen looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress at the reception at canada house in trafalgar square, central london. she was joined by husband prince philip and princess alexandra at the first world war commemorations. the monarch posed for a photograph with the calgary highlanders, royal hamilton light infantry and canadian scottish regiment. the queen wore a special diamond-encrusted white gold sweetheart brooch for the occasion.
abbey clancy joins foxes, victoria's secret angel lily donaldson and alice dellal for fashion targets breast cancer. the campaign has so far raised £13.5m for breakthrough breast cancer's research funding. clancy, 29, says she is proud to be part of the campaign.
stephanie scott's funeral will be held next wednesday in her home town of canowindra. the parish priest of the church is bracing himself for an emotional occasion. stephanie's burned body was found last friday in cocoparra national park. the leeton high school teacher went missing on easter sunday. vincent stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder.
star wars director plans to build affordable housing complex on 1,039 acres of land in lucas valley, california. would provide homes to 224 low-income families and cost $200m. he dropped plans for a film studio in 2012 but his neighbors refused to let him build.
two cups of coffee and hormone drug tamoxifen can slash the risk of cancer returning by 50 per cent. researchers at lund university, sweden, found caffeine causes breast cancer cells to divide less frequently and divide more often. women recovering from breast cancer can also take a cocktail of the drug and two coffees a day.
kendra moad of kearns, utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway. he did not see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the garbage cans . kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when medics arrived. this is now the fourth time since august that a child has been accidentally run over and killed in a utah driveway.
shaun worthington's car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04pm. 29-year-old died instantly after his car collided with a truck on november 19 last year. he had been driving home from a speed awareness course in east yorkshire. his mother, jane allen, appealed to other motorists not to use their phones while driving.
martha was with her owner on the beach in leasowe in merseyside when she was swept out to sea by the tide. ten-year-old golden retriever was found cold and shivering half a mile away from shore. new brighton rnli crew pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after finding her by the collar. lifeboat crew have warned owners not to attempt to rescue their pets.
the solar probe plus will carry four experiments into the corona and study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star. during the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees fahrenheit. the launch window opens for 20 days starting on july 31, 2018. over 24 orbits, the mission will use seven flybys of venus to reduce its distance from the sun.
kuku kube is available for free on facebook, android, ios and on desktop browsers. it is designed to put your colour vision and eyesight to the test by showing boards of coloured squares. on each board, one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour. players get a point for every correct square identified and have 60 seconds to find the odd square. scores lower than 11 are poor, and scores higher than 31 are considered 'great'
listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iplayer service. branded the problem 'irritating' and 'annoying'   bbc blames on the system it uses to record programmes. it says the live sections of radio stations cause start and end times to shift.
a preservation group says old texas dance halls that for years served as important social centers in rural areas of the state are decaying and closing, with comparatively few still operating. about 400 such halls still stand, but only two traditional dance halls continue to operate. about 1,000 dance halls sprung up around texas in the 1800s, knitting together german and other immigrant communities.
david miscavige's father, ronald, was allegedly followed by a father-son pair of detectives for 18 months after he'd left the church of scientology. private investigator dwayne powell reportedly told police in 2013 that he was hired by the controversial leader to spy on his elderly father. police records show that the church paid a team of detectives $10,000 a week to track and eavesdrop on the 79-year-old man. the claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive hbo documentary going clear.
belinda, 56, from essex, travelled to turkey to have a facelift because it was cheaper than the uk. but surgeon left her with 'horrendous' scars and earlobes sewn to the side of her face. she appears on tonight's episode of tlc's extreme beauty disasters to warn of the dangers of facelifts.
elderflower fields festival will be held in pippingford park in the ashdown forest for the second year running. the family-oriented festival was created in 2012 by a group of friends. it offers a range of activities for children and their families to enjoy. the festival is held in the idyllic setting of a forest in so sussex, east sussex.
'untested and unscientific' apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy, says dr des spence. apps that monitor heart rate, blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry. popular apps include apple’s health app and myfitnesspal.
khayree gay, 31, was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city, south carolina. he faces federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a jewelers row employee on april 4 in philadelphia. the 53-year-old female employee was told she was going to die by men in ski masks. she was pulled into a van and driven to the roof of the building, beaten and shot with a taser seven times. the former employee and two accomplices were believed to have kidnapped her.
sarah reign, 26, from new york, weighs 26 stone and works as a security guard at a factory. she supplements her day job as a 'feedee' by gorging on junk food for men. men pay her $1,500 (£1,000) a month to watch her eat on camera. she is now six stone heavier and offers a'squashing' service for men to sit on her.
claudia winkleman is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated for the awards. both sir bruce and co-host tess daly have failed to receive a nomination from the show. mother-of-three, 43, was absent for almost a month while daughter matilda, eight, recovered. she will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month's awards.
rachel lynn lehnardt, 35, from evans, georgia, charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. she allegedly played naked twister with her daughter and her friends before having sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom. she was arrested after sharing details of the party with her alcoholics anonymous sponsor, who went to authorities. she later lost custody of her five children, aged four, six, eight, 10 and 16.
the story was written by queen victoria when she was just 10. it tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, alice laselles, who was sent away to boarding school. princess victoria's story was kept in the royal archives at windsor castle and will be published in june. it was written in her 'composition' notebook as part of her studies with her governess, baroness louise lehzen.
belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a bondi butcher on monday night. she was buying a chicken for her and roosters star boyfriend aidan guerra to cook up a game of thrones-inspired feast. she said the man working at sam the butcher told her to 'go to a f***ing aussie butcher'   but the butcher vehemently denies he called her names and said she was the one being rude. he said he was having issues with his eftpos machine when she tried to pay for the chicken. the butcher said she didn't end up paying for it and got a free chicken.
dave sim, 36, hopes to cycle the entire 2077 miles of the tour de france on a raleigh chopper. the personal trainer from southport, merseyside, has put in months of training. he hopes his stunt will inspire others to take up cycling. mr sim hopes to raise as much money for charity help for heroes.
britt lapthorne, from melbourne, was last seen at the latin club fuego in dubrovnik, croatia, on september 18, 2008. her body was found in nearby boninovo bay, three weeks after she disappeared. a victorian inquest into her death will be closed at a hearing in melbourne on thursday. her family believe she was murdered, her body weighted down and dumped at sea. croatian police never solved the mystery of how her body came to be in the adriatic sea.
70 percent of people say they hear fewer people whistling compared with 20 or 30 years ago. decline of working class jobs and variety shows linked to the decline of the whistle's popularity. the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now.
blunder at the pensions office in essen, in the north rhine-westphalia area of germany. the bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of the country's annual gross domestic product. it is enough to pay the uk government debt nearly 2,000 times over. a pensions office worker accidentally copied a customer number into the form.
kareem abdul-jabbar, 68, underwent emergency heart surgery at ucla medical center on april 16. he had quadruruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital with cardiovascular disease. the successful surgery cleared a major blockage from the hall of famer's heart . the 19-time all star and six-time mvp is expected to make a full recovery.
64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they go shopping with friends. many blame the urge to'show off' and'succumbing to peer pressure'   two-thirds of americans admit they would prefer to shop by themselves. but 85 per cent say they do give themselves a budget when they shop.
colleen harris, 73, was found guilty of murdering robert edward 'bob' harris in california home in 2013. it took the el dorado superior court jury less than two hours to convict her of first-degree murder. in 1985, she shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, james batten, after claiming he was abusive to her. she will be sentenced for the killing of her third husband on june 5 and stands to receive 50 years to life for murder with a firearm. she first testified that bob harris may have committed suicide but later said it was an accident.
the interactive roadkill map uses data from the california roadkill observation system to show the trail of destruction being caused by state highways. major hotspots include the san francisco bay area, sacramento and the north coast. the map shows where and when animals are killed and where they are hit by vehicles.
neil tuckett, 58, from buckinghamshire, is selling one model t every week and sells them for around £10,000 each. the cars don't require road tax or an mot and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car. his latest models are nearly 90 years old and have a top speed of 45mph.
dr ros altmann is a former treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group saga. she will take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges. dr altmann will oversee the government’s pension reforms and financial education and government policy.
catherine grove, 28, disappeared from the church of wells in wells, arkansas, in july 2013. her parents believe she was brainwashed by the so-called cult. she returned six days later under heavy guard to her family, saying she was'seeking the lord'    after returning to the church, she stayed with her family for a few days but then returned to the'religious cult' earlier this month. she has now announced in a video that she is set to marry one of the church's elders. the church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking but has strongly denied any wrongdoing.
baroness brady appeared at national grid training centre in newark to announce creation of 16,000 new apprenticeships. tv star helped prime minister with his jacket as he stood to speak, but sat politely holding it on the sidelines. mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years.
conchita wurst has been transformed into gustav klimt's golden adele for the life ball 2015 poster. life ball is the biggest charity event in europe supporting people with hiv/aids. conchita won europe's biggest entertainment contest in 2014. the poster will be on display on the streets of vienna.
yervand garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from south croydon in melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue at a recent family gathering. his daughter elizabeth garginian posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times. in the video he dismisses the australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages.
tracy taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars after the breakdown of her 20 year relationship. she attacked her ex-fiance and his new girlfriend, punching him on the ear and pulling her hair. her two daughters, aged 12 and four, were in the back of the car. she admitted burglary, criminal damage and two counts of assault at leicester crown court.
admiral mike mullen, former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, allegedly told three comrades of army sgt. bowe bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter. the men claim that mullen told them he knew the soldier deserted his post in 2009 and was captured by the taliban. mullen was in a position to tell president obama about the soldier's desertion five years before national security adviser susan rice told the world he served honorably. this raises questions as to the prisoner swap for a known deserters and casts a shadow over the deal to swap five taliban commanders for the soldier.
mr scott, 50, was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston, south carolina. destiny's child singer michelle williams and senator tim scott shared their grief on twitter. big boi, questlove, janelle monáe and isaiah washington also shared their anger over the shooting.    officer slager was charged with murder on wednesday and could face the death penalty.
sophomore tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior luis velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers. gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called prader-willi syndrome. she has had a crush on junior luis velasquez since the seventh grade and he asked her to be his date to the prom.
pregnant mother of 11 cheryl prudham, 33, and husband robert, 30, are planning to renew wedding vows in las vegas. the couple, from gravesend, kent, receive £39,000 in handouts a year. they have only just got back together after a short split because they want to have more children. the family are planning a two-week 'no expense spared' trip to the casino city.
mark ward faville, of christiansburg, virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne, who died in 2000 after being suffocated in a homicidal manner. after the verdict was read, faville took his own life as he was being led away from the courthouse. faville was found dead of a self-inflicted wound, though it is not known how he did it.    anne died in 2000 after reportedly choking on a piece of chicken.
mass brawl broke out at bar opening at resorts world casino in queens, new york. four security guards and a police officer were injured in the brawl. three men were arrested in the aftermath of the incident. two women are believed to have been involved in an argument in the long line for drinks.
jodi arias was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on monday for the murder of ex-boyfriend travis alexander. she was convicted of murder and sentenced to serve life without parole for the 2008 murder. in her first mugshot, taken in 2008, she smiled on purpose because she knew the picture would be widely published. she killed travis in what prosecutors said was a jealous rage because he wanted to break up with her.
chinese government plans to expand the qinghai to tibet railway 'at nepal's request' by 2020. project could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain. step shows china's increasing influence in nepal, a country india regards as firmly within its sphere of influence.
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol and paracetamol. it has been in use for 70 years, but this is the first study to show it can dull feelings of happiness and sadness. people who took the drug didn't appear to know they were reacting differently.
republican lawmaker henry rayhons, 78, is preparing to stand trial in iowa for sexually assaulting his wife, who died last august. doctors said donna lou rayhon was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex. she was moved into a nursing home last year, suffering from dementia and alzheimers. state prosecutors say he ignored that message and will stand trial on wednesday for sexually abusing his wife. he is charged with sexual abuse in the third degree and could serve up to ten years in prison if convicted.
two houses have been filmed being swept away by floodwater in new south wales. more than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power. three people have already died during the wild weather. emergency services have received more than 3,000 rescuers on record.
the inquiry into the iraq war, lead by sir john chilcot, began in 2009 and stopped taking evidence in 2011. it was expected to be delayed until after the general election but will not be published until 2016, a source said. the report is thought to be highly critical of senior political figures, including tony blair.
boy, nine, was whipped with skipping ropes and metal rods and water pipes by his adoptive mother li. 50-year-old woman told his school she was'strict' with him and was trying to correct his bad habits. photographs of the boy's horrific injuries were shared online as his mother was arrested on suspicion of child abuse. the boy was also beaten with a metal rod and water pipe at his nanjing school.
ikea's new service, wedding online, allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests from all over the world. ikea is better known for its home furnishings, but now hosts legally-binding weddings. couples can choose from a range of wedding settings, including high society and fairy tale. guests are invited via facebook and can watch the ceremony live via webcam.
couple were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from sweyne park school in rayleigh, essex. they took 14-year-old son out of school without permission for a five-day holiday to spain. family appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and court bailiffs were called in. the boy's grandmother paid up to stop the bailiffs taking property to cover the fine.
massachusetts couple mimi and joe lemay's five-year-old son jacob was born mia, the second of three sisters. he was born a girl, and from a young age, preferred to wear boy clothes. the toddler would change his clothes up to 12 times a day and change his name from'mia' to 'jacob'    the lemays decided to let him assume the identity of a boy after years of questioning how to handle his preferences. they eased into his transition, slowly allowing him to cut his hair, wear boy clothing and refer to himself as a boy at home.
l laurene jobs, 51, called former first lady hillary clinton a'revolutionary' woman and said she has 'judgment and wisdom'   clinton was blasted for her'staged' visit to a coffee shop in leclaire, iowa on tuesday to talk with three young iowans - all of whom were driven to the event by her iowa campaign's political director. austin bird is a democratic party insider who claimed the whole event was orchestrated 'from beginning to end'
loyd dennis taught at a number of primary schools across hampshire before becoming a lecturer at basingstoke college of technology. 32-year-old is charged with 28 separate offences against two children including rape and sexual activity with a child. among the schools he has taught is cadland primary school and bishops waltham junior school.
michael keith spell, 25, of parachute, colorado, was sentenced to 100 years in prison for the murder of sherry arnold, 43, a popular math teacher in the bakken oil patch of montana in 2012. he and co-defendant lester van waters jr. tried to abduct the 43-year-old as she was jogging. spell told investigators he pulled her into a car and waters choked her to death before burying her in a shallow grave 50 miles away in north dakota.    spell and waters were under the influence of crack cocaine at the time of the murder. spell was sentenced in december to 80 years in
henri morris, 67, was jailed for 10 years after admitting drugging a female employee during a business trip. he was caught in an fbi sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims. she told them he had spiked her drink and when she woke up she was naked. morris was told he would serve 10 years behind bars for his 'calculated' crime.
lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes and caused the 1940s sewer in chelsea to break. it was discovered beneath one of the city's most exclusive streets after residents complained of a rancid smell. thames water have now been forced to repair the broken sewer at a cost of £400,000. so far the waste removed from the sewer is the equivalent weight of five porsche 911s.
brian nicol, 32, dived into swimming pool at luxury villa in costa del sol but failed to resurface. friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him but he died in the water. mr nicol from glasgow, scotland, was staying with a group of friends in nueva andalucia. police say early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident. the group had been on a night out in marbella in the hours before he died.
philadelphia-based artist and journalist alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits of well-known artists and their cats. featuring the likes of salvador dali, henri matisse and georgia o'keefe. more than 50 pairs of great artists and cats are highlighted in the compilation book.
vincent stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in leeton, nsw, 13 months ago. he was charged with the murder of leeton high school teacher stephanie scott on easter sunday. the 24-year-old was born in tasmania and lived in holland with his family. his identical twin brother moved back to australia and now lives in south australian. his neighbours say he was 'clearly a loner' and kept to himself in the small rural town.
tories predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote in next month's general election. ed miliband and labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent. the two major parties are only separated by 0.1 per cent in the daily telegraph poll. ukip and the liberal democrats are expected to get 13.5 per cent and 12.7 respectively.
sq ldr ian joll was missing presumed dead after he was forced to crash land his plane on a dutch beach in 1940. but he survived the incident and made it home to gravesend, kent. his mother mabel joll opened the front door to see her son and fainted. ten minutes earlier she had received a telegram saying he was missing and believed killed. sq ldr joll had survived the crash and persuaded a ship to take him back to england. his medals are up for auction and his incredible story will be revealed.
liberal democrats leader nick clegg was given the option of moving his family into a government mansion after the last election. but his wife miriam gonzalez durantez vetoed the move to whitehall. in a joint interview, the couple revealed the balance of power in their household. mr clegg and his wife were seen in the kitchen of their £1.5million family home in putney, south west london. the couple were seen drinking wine and cooking paella in the joint interview.
nurhayada sofia was out shopping with her mother at the kenanga wholesale city mall in pudu, malaysia. she suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors after being dragged by an escalator. the six-year-old was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries. her mother was on the phone to her husband at the time of the accident.
abdul hadi arwani, 48, was shot dead in his car on a quiet street in north west london last week. he was called to a job in the area days before he was killed. the imam visited the house with his son and was asked to come back another day. the man asked him to return to provide a quote for building work. the killer asked arwami to return another day and said he had lost his keys. the father-of-one was an opponent of syrian president bahsar al-assad and had links to muslim brotherhood.
l lorenzo simon, 34, and girlfriend michelle bird used friend michael spalding for slave labour before killing him. he killed 39-year-old before stuffing body in a suitcase and throwing it into birmingham canal. simon was found guilty of murder and jailed for minimum of 19 years at birmingham crown court. bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years.
tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select exceptional applicants. university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit. under coalition reforms exams will be optional for cohorts starting this september.
naveed and rizwan hussain jailed for 12 months each for health and safety offences. a doctor's wife and a student were trapped in the rubble after three-storey building collapsed in sheffield. three people were injured and a main road was closed off for a day after the accident in march 2013. judge branded the brothers 'arrogant and greedy' and said it was a'miracle' no-one was killed in the accident.
duncan bannatyne said ed miliband’s plan to scrap the controversial ‘non-dom’ status had won him over. hotelier signed letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories’ economic record. he was one of the former prime minister gordon brown's most prominent backers. labour leader claims 200-year-old rule makes britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few' and can 'no longer be justified'
stephanie scott was due to marry her long-time partner aaron leeson woolley on saturday. her sister kim scott posted a poem she wrote for her sister and her intended brother-in-law. the poem was addressed to stephanie and aaron on their wedding day. ms scott's body was found in cocoparra national park on friday afternoon. vincent stanford, 24, was charged with her murder.
the california highway patrol became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black suv on a freeway in orange county around 12:30pm wednesday. the chase finally came to an end when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the car and sent it into a slow spin. the woman was driving at 35 and 40mph and stopped at traffic lights. she was taken into custody without incident.
dzhokhar tsarnaev's aunt, maret tsarnaeva, claimed in an interview this week that her nephew was wrongly convicted in the boston bombing as part of a u.s. conspiracy. tsarnaev was found guilty by a boston jury on april 8 of all 30 counts in connection to the deadly april 2013 attacks. the bomber's family members want his defense lawyers fired and want to get messages to tsarnaev urging him to fire them. his mother, zubeidat, has continued to insist that her son and his brother tamerlan were innocent.
prince william is due at the cenotaph on the same day the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth. he plans to be at official commemorations to mark centenary of gallipoli and anzac campaigns on april 25. he will accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on official engagement next saturday. leading obstetrician guy thorpe-beeston will be in charge of the birth at st mary's.
parasites found after prairie dogs in picture canyon, arizona, began dying. fleas tested positive for plague and could spread the disease to humans. plague is still contracted by as many as 2,000 people a year and killed millions of europeans in 1300s.
the teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan, who has been identified only as nuaman, was beaten and burnt with kerosene. he is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body after being set on fire. the two muslims attacked him as he left friday prayers at his local mosque.
candice swanepoel, elsa hosk and jasmine tookes star in victoria's secret's latest lingerie campaign. promote brand's new dream angels range of underwear. candice recently appeared in max factor's beauty campaign as marilyn monroe.
kyle knox, from london, was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis on march 31. the 23-year-old was attempting to climb britain's highest mountain alone. he was reported missing the following day after failing to return to his hotel. a royal navy helicopter has found his body three weeks after he disappeared.
ceara lynch, 28, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online. her first pair sold for $70. ceara, from portland, oregon, says she earns more than one dollar per minute. she has been working as a professional 'humiliatrix' since she was 17.
newborn baby girl was found face down in toilet bowl at silcock's amusement arcade in southport, merseyside. police say mother of baby april has now been found and is'safe and well'   baby was taken to ormskirk hospital where she is being cared for by staff. police released a cctv image of a woman they were looking to trace but she has since been found. baby was found by employee christina hodskinson after a colleague said the toilets needed cleaning. police believe the baby may have been 'born' at the arcade hours before she was found.
travel site wanderbat has ranked the world's top 22 airlines. qatar airways scored a perfect 100 out of 100. emirates and china eastern were second and third in the list. british airways ranked eighth in the world, the only uk airline to make the top 22.
the azamara club cruises' quest vessel carries about 680 passengers, making it a more intimate voyage. size of the ship means it is able to access ports that are off-limits to the bigger vessels. frank boarded a seven-night azamara quest cruise from monaco to rome. the cruise line has two ships in its fleet, journey and quest.
duffel bag containing human remains was found on loughery way in cambridge, massachusetts, on saturday morning. suspect was arrested for accessory after the crime of assault and battery and improper disposal of remains. person will not be identified until arraignment on monday. it comes as more human remains have been found in common area of an apartment complex . all of the remains are believed to belong to one person, who has not been identified by officials.
donald graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer janet brown, 45, for her money in 2005. he stole £300,000 of her savings, her land rover and porsche and took her horses. graham was jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for murder of his lover. he was ordered to pay back £816,000 but now has no available assets and must pay back just £1. he killed ms brown so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home . ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found and no trace of her has been found.
some 3.7 million gun owners confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home. majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men. study carried out by harvard, columbia and duke university. study comes in the wake of a number of high-profile gun tragedies in the us.
mohamed morsi, 63, sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012. but court cleared him of charges of inciting murder over deaths of a journalist and two protesters. 14 others were convicted on the same charges and sentenced to the same sentence. morsi was toppled by president abdel fattah al-sisi after a year in power.
former police inspector neville hackett's father revealed his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago. hackett senior said his son's addiction to stilnox was triggered by a death threat. the swimmer's personal life fell apart last year due to his sleeping pill addiction. the dual olympic champion made a comeback last sunday night when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth.
donor 7042 carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (nf1) that can pass on life-limiting condition. ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with the disease. british mother is among nearly 100 women who have had babies by danish sperm donor. donor is understood to have fathered 99 'viking babies' across the world through nordic cryobank. four families are suing the sperm bank and raising questions about sperm export trade.
scott shirley, his wife mayo and son phoenix, were travelling back to washington from orlando. family discovered their luggage was wet with vomit on the floor of the cabin. staff refused to clean and scrub down the affected area of floor before take-off. family were forced to sit in seats surrounded by vomit on a united airlines flight. they were told to fly out next day or remain in their seats.
kevin gill, from naples, florida, found the eight-inch alligator being attacked by a bird and gave it to his 13-year-old son to nurse back to health. but collier county deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's home when they found the gator. gill was arrested after deputies found he had a small alligator inside his home. it is illegal to keep an alligator without a license in flor florida.
boutique hotel was designed around the dewey decimal system, with each floor dedicated to one of 10 major categories. each guest room contains up to 150 titles related to a genre or topic. more than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at new york city's library hotel. the hotel is located just steps from the new yorks public library and grand central terminal.
jon stewart will host his final daily show on august 6 after 17 years as host of comedy central. he revealed he was becoming increasing depressed watching cable news and american politics. he will be replaced by comedian and daily show correspondent trevor noah, 31. stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the 24-hour news networks anymore.
the models were competing in the annual miss bikini of the universe beauty pageant in luoyang, central china. the challenge was a 'test of their composure' as they walked along a narrow footpath up the side of a mountain. the competition is part of the central chinese stage of the annual contest.
raul hector castro passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care, a family spokesman said. castro was the only hispanic governor of arizona and served as ambassador to three countries including el salvador, bolivia and argentina. he was a self-made man who overcame poverty and discrimination to graduate from college and launch a career in politics and diplomacy.
dr donald dewitt, 65, a human sexuality and biology teacher at bergen county academies in new jersey, has been charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact. the married father of one allegedly tried to have sex with a 16-year-old girl and sent her lewd emails. the victim's sister discovered the emails and told their mother, who called police. he was suspended from his $105,000-a-year job and banned from campus.
thames valley police called army bomb disposal team after passer-by reported seeing missile on top of barge in reading. 4ft long guided missile was mounted on roof of canal boat with dummy wearing a balaclava next to it. police and bomb disposal unit said the missile 'was found to be purely ornamental'   a local resident condemned the prank, saying: 'what a stupid thing to put on a boat'
robert hugel was checking in on his elderly parents jerry hugel, 83, his wife marianne, 80, and friend walter vondthadden, 76, at their home in floral park, queens on friday when he found them dead. all four were found dead from apparent carbon monoxide poisoning. jerry was found in the seat of his car in the garage and his wife and two of their friends were also found dead. the couple had been married for 60 years and had lived in the home for 40 years. it is believed that a car was accidentally left running in a garage at the home.
zambi wildlife retreat is a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals in western sydney. kibulu the african lion cub was fostered as a three-week-old cub after his mother rejected him at the nsw zoo. he has slept most nights in director donna wilson's bed since he arrived at the retreat as a cub. the sanctuary is home to lions, tigers, monkeys and other exotic animals. over 20 students are currently completing work placements at zambi as part of master classes at tafe.
the rare archive photo has been discovered in a hitler ‘fan magazine’ from the thirties. the fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap, calling it ‘beneath one’s dignity’   a tattered copy of the magazine was found by a british soldier in a bombed german house after the war.
kristen bell is the voice of frozen's anna and the star of house of lies. the mother of two daughters with actor dax sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her daughters. she believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids.
lauren hill was diagnosed with a rare form of inoperable brain cancer just after her 18th birthday. diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma and told she had two years to live. she was told she would not live past december but died four months later this month. the 19-year-old raised $1.5million for research into childhood cancer. her casket was moved to the arena where she made her first basket for mount st joseph university in cincinnati.
racegoer seen on video deliberately knocking 63-year-old man to the floor after race at aintree. the man was taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face. a friend of the man, 34, has been questioned by police over the alleged assault. he was interviewed under caution and released pending further inquiries. man is seen staggering towards the man before he barges into him and knocks him to the ground. he then walks off as the man is left lying on the floor in the middle of the road. merseyside police said the man came forward and was questioned under caution.
jade walters, 21, was shocked to discover the family she loaned her pet horse magic to had sold him at auction for £200. miss walters had loaned out the horse to help a young girl learn to ride. it was two months before she discovered the horse had been sold. an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites.
madonna, 56, performed a stand-up on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday. described herself as a 'closet comedian'   she told jokes about dating a 26-year-old man and her collection of andy warhol paintings.
zoe gregory, 26, pleaded guilty to sending an email hoax to blow up school in costessey, norwich. holly littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours after the bomb threat. she was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates.   she was held in cell surrounded by 'people on drugs or drunk' and was 'crying and distressed' after being arrested. vicky francis, 15, was also arrested after police found out she had access to miss littlefield's email account. both girls were held by police and questioned for 10 hours before being released on bail. g
the robot sub was examining the depths of the gulf of mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared. the researchers were piloting the hercules sub when the encounter occured. footage shows the whale swimming in and out of the camera lights. it was estimated to be between 35-40 feet in length. the robosub was 2,000 feet underwater.
jonny bucknell, 58, was eating a roast duck dinner in the council chamber of camden council in north london. labour rival theo blackwell spotted him and alerted other councillors. he was told to put down his cutlery and told to stop eating by mayor. councillor claims he was unaware eating was banned in the chamber and wants a rule change. in 2013 he slept in his car at the tory party conference to save on hotel bills.
british actor daniel craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n. mine action service and political and financial support for the cause. craig - who's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as 007 - will be the first global advocate for the elimination of mines and explosive hazards.
dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in antioch, california, with injuries to its ears and stomach. it is believed the pet, named fireman by its rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home. fireman is recovering after having its cars amputated in surgery.
in real life 007 would have perished several times in daniel craig's most recent movie, skyfall. experts say many characters in other top films would also have struggled to escape alive from their injuries. total film magazine's medical experts say it takes artistic licence for bond to survive.
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-yanomami. they found that the group had the highest diversity of bacteria and genetic functions ever reported in a human group. the bacteria could be potentially beneficial to modern society.
william d. allen was a cornerback in the nfl from 2001 to 2012, playing for the new york giants and miami dolphins. he and business partner susan daub accused of running a ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to pro athletes. sec says allen and daub paid $20 million to investors but received only $13 million in repayments. the securities and exchange commission announced charges against allen, daub and their firms.
david cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech in cheltenham to outline tory plans for inheritance tax. but aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the prime minister. owner sarah styler was taking silver for his morning walk when she spotted tv crews. a tory aide took the dog from her and walked him away from pm.
digital delivery of music has finally caught up with physical sales for the first time. overall global sales of $14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013. report also named the year's top-selling album - the 'frozen' soundtrack. piracy and free internet sites remain a huge problem for the music industry.
signs posted in the municipality of lastres warning pilgrims not to defecate on camino de santiago pilgrimage trail. no one knows who put up the graphic signs showing a squatting figure defecating in red circle. the pilgrimage attracts thousands of pilgrims every year to the holy city of s santiagoago.
bbc co-host, 45, has released a ten-minute video documenting his 'bored' unemployed lifestyle. the former top gear presenter has already been watched by 230,000 people on youtube. film follows hammond as he learns how to herd sheep and drives around with his dog. it comes after jeremy clarkson and james may released a series of videos documenting their jobless lives.
bruno fernández has been dubbed the'majadahonda ripper' after police searched his home in madrid, spain. 32-year-old arrested in connection with disappearance of his former lodger, adriana giogiosa, 55. police discovered blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth at his home. he has been arrested and is currently in police custody after police found a meat grinder at the property. three other tenants who are also thought to be missing from the property have been found.
hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (cmb) of the universe. in 2004 astronomers first found the 'cold spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere. at 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found. the supervoid is thought to be causing a 'less-dense' region of the world. but some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening.
nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like'slave labour', union member warns. unison member jane smith called for more research into the effects of long shifts on workers' health. she warned staff are falling sick due to exhaustion and putting other staff at risk. royal college of nursing says there are fewer nurses, providing more care.
hiroshi ueda, a photographer who worked as an engineer for minolta, claims he invented the selfie stick in the 1980s. he patented the 'extender stick' in 1983 while working for the camera company. he came up with the idea after struggling to take pictures of his family in europe. selfie sticks are now hugely popular but many tourist venues, museums, concert venues and stadiums have banned them.
former towie star, 24, unveils sophisticated summer collection full of pastels and florals. says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace catwalk trends. says she is inspired by the kardashians and works out to keep her curves. has also launched a range of celebrity fashion clothing.
lib dem leader nick clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in rural areas. as many as one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year, driving up property prices. local authorities would have power to charge 200 per cent council tax under the lib dem plan. the levy would be used to deter people from buying holiday homes.
49 per cent of people plan to vote for the snp, with just 25 per cent backing labour in poll of scotland. labour leader claims tory election campaign has descended into 'desperation and panic'   first minister nicola sturgeon insists she is taking 'absolutely nothing for granted'  snp leader has offered to prop up a labour government, even if the tories win more seats.
a washington, dc-based company called united space structures wants to create a new space station. their giant cylinder would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity. it would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build. a rotating station would allow people to live as if they were walking in space. to build the station, something like spiderfab could be used, a proposed system of robo-spiders.
dr oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia's college of physicians and surgeons. the doctors accused dr oz of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof. dr oz is the host of the dr oz show on oprah winfrey.
glenn mason, 56, plundered the accounts of nine pensioners at natwest in biggin hill, kent. he was jailed for 15 months in november last year and has said he will pay back the whole £185,000 out of his rbs pension pot. bank manager was said to have turned to gambling after his teenage son was injured by a roadside bomb while fighting in afghanistan.
disgusted member of the public snapped the farm worker using the field as a makeshift toilet. he was only 18 metres away from a toilet but decided to urinate in the field instead. field owner th clements & son said he was sacked with immediate effect after the company was alerted.
cctv installed by frustrated residents in oldham, manchester, caught binman dumping bin bags in alleyway. residents thought one of their neighbours had been dumping the bags in the street. oldham council workers had slapped stickers on the bin bags because they were not properly disposed of. the binman was filmed lifting the bags out of dustbins and tossing them in alley.
scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth. they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space. it would then fire high-energy beams back at earth's atmosphere. a beam fired from the machine could create auroras and even create lightning in the atmosphere. for now the idea is only a concept, and there are no plans to build it. they say a beam could be used to trigger different forms of lightning, including red sprites and blue jets.
prince abdul malik and dayangku raabi'atul 'adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah married in opulent ceremony. royal is the son of the sultan of brunei and married in a lavish ceremony yesterday. celebrities and royals have spent millions on their wedding ceremonies over the last 20 years. prince william and kate middleton's nuptials are among the most extravagant of all time.
chancellor visited numatic factory in somerset to promote government's plan to create apprenticeships. mr osborne was given a tour of the factory as he campaigned for local tory candidate steve doble. he was pictured with a real henry the hoover as he met staff at the factory. the tories have pledged to create an extra 16,000 new apprenticeships over five years.
casey veal's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar. harley hicks broke into their bendigo home at random in june 2012. the baby was bashed more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery fuelled by ice and marijuana. his mother has spoken out about her grief after her baby son was brutally murdered in a random attack.
ed and justine miliband first met at a dinner party hosted by his then girlfriend stephanie flanders in march 2004. she was the economics editor of bbc's newsnight and he was'secretly' dating her at the time. the labour leader was chief economics adviser to the chancellor gordon brown. justine was 'furious' when she found out he was dating the woman who invited her to the dinner party. the pair have since married and have two children together.
crack cocaine users visit the open-air crack cocaine market crackland in the slums of rio de janeiro's slums to buy rocks of the drug. brazil has become the world's top consumer of crack cocaine. as the country's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels, crackland has become home to people from all walks of life.
sheila secker, 78, had not used her pay-as-you-go phone for any chargeable services. she collapsed in her home in december and died in hospital a few days later. her son called vodafone and was told her number had been retired without warning. she had topped up the credit on the phone but had not made any calls.
stephen howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend nicole vaisey were charged last summer with sexually exploiting two amish girls and other children. the girls, aged seven and 12, were abducted from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand in new york in august. they were shackled and sexually abused before being returned to a home 24 hours later. howells had planned to kill the girls and then bury their bodies but vaisesy convinced him to let them go. the couple have been offered a plea deal that would spare the girls from testifying.
study released on thursday by the centers for disease control and prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months. experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is healthy. white women had the shortest spacing — about 2 years, 2 months on average.
major general michael gambier-parry was captured by field marshal erwin rommel in libya in 1941. rommel gave the goggles to him as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat. the goggles are now housed in a museum dedicated to rommel.
raymond townsend, a manager at us limousine, was found liable for sexual harassment against his employee geralyn ganci, 32. he sent her a text telling her she was fired because she'refused to have sex with the general manager'   he also sent her texts saying that he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me' after more than a year of messages. townsend and his company are now liable for more than $700,000 in damages and fees.
thomas cain's mother ora mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old. he had assumed there was no photographic record of his mother, who died. his granddaughter, andrea ferrell, 29, found an old photograph of her mother from a distant relative. the image dates from the 1920s and shows his mother as a teenager.
representative darrell issa asked state department about use of personal email for official business in december 2012. but didn't receive answer until more than a month after clinton had left the department. she was asked whether she used personal email account for 'official business'    the former secretary of state is likely to want to play down the revelation as she begins campaign in iowa today.
memo for members of congress says the uk may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the united states. memo also warns that uk faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament. it was prepared by the congressional research service for senate and house of representatives. the'special relationship' between britain and the us was strong under margaret thatcher.
lawsuit claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools which are 'essentially roasting' at seaworld orlando. a grandmother claims staff are forced to paint over injuries to disguise the burns. claims whales are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at park.
first minister said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to scotland 'as soon as possible'   labour leader jim murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion black hole in the country's budget. miss sturgeon struggled in tv debate just a day after refusing to rule out another referendum after the election.
bristol county sheriff thomas hodgson said hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen. he was in custody for more than 18 months after being convicted of the 2013 murder of odin lloyd. hodgson said the former new england patriots player will probably do fine in prison.
nyia parler, 41, allegedly left her quadriplegic son, 21, in a park in philadelphia, pennsylvania, on monday. police say she was visiting her boyfriend john ferguson in maryland. he was found five days later in a wooded area with just a blanket and a bible. parler was charged with assault and neglect and faces extradition. she wrote a message on facebook hours after allegedly leaving her son in the woods saying she was'so happy'   police say parler wheeled her care-dependent son into the park and left him there, before going to stay with her partner.
snp leader nicola sturgeon asked cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood to investigate the leaked memo.    snp leader denied telling french ambassador sylvie bermann she would prefer david cameron to remain in number 10. she called on ed miliband to commit to working with snp to 'lock out' mr cameron from downing street. memo was written by a british civil servant and leaked to the daily telegraph. ms sturgeons said the story was a sign of 'panic' within the westminster establishment.
chapman, who turned 39 on tuesday, shared an instagram image of a bouquet of flowers he had bought for her. it comes four days after it emerged he will not face criminal charges after italian model ambra battilana, 22, told police he groped her at his manhattan office last month. the british-born fashion designer was reportedly 'furious' after the allegations and wants to put the scandal behind her.
blackburn says his colleague's names were 'dragged through the mud' during probes into historic sex abuse. 72-year-old radio 2 presenter says most of his colleagues were 'just working hard' and 'having a good time'    blackburn says he never liked paedophile dj jimmy savile, who sexually assaulted staff and patients over decades. his friend and colleague paul gambaccini was also caught up in the scandal but charges against him were dropped.
shiraz nawaz, 36, said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole in the west midlands. father-of-two was on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground. he was walking over the pavement when he noticed thick black smoke billowing from manhole. a huge blast of flame shot out 15ft tall from the pavement in a busy street in shirley, solihull. nobody was hurt in the incident after shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway and called the fire service.
amber phillips of los angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in california on tuesday. her mother connie phillip died from breast cancer in 2012. amber says she regrets making her mother undergo chemotherapy against her will.    her mother asked about ending her life via physician assisted suicide on numerous occasions but said that at the time it was not a legal option for her.
consultant dr peter wilson said chances of survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh king's decision to flee to spain. he said five-year-old ashya king should have had chemotherapy after surgery. the king family took him to prague for proton beam therapy, and now say there is 'no evidence' of a tumour.
amie cox, 33, of victoria says she prefers her younger son son alex, 5, over her older son william, 7. she says she has a'special smell connection' with him and sniffs him 'all the time'   she appeared on an sbs insight programme about sibling rivalry and said she has been attacked online as 'a freak' but says she is a 'normal loving mum' who treats her boys equally. ms cox said she bonded to her son so strongly after his birth she didn't like people to 'rub their smell on him' for the first six to 12 months of his life.
dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high mount paektu near the chinese border. told troops at its peak that the climb was like 'nuclear weapons'    the 32-year-old leader visited troops at the mountain's base and greeted army pilots at the summit.
a study found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years. compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or social security numbers. cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services.
leslie cooper, 36, appeared in court charged with murder of abdul hadi arwani, 48. he was found dead in his black volkswagen passat in wembley, london, last tuesday night.   he was an outspoken opponent of the assad regime in his native country. scotland yard said a second man, aged 61, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. he appeared before magistrates in camberwell today and was remanded in custody.
three years ago george osborne was virtually scared to leave his treasury office. the chancellor was being booed in front of his two children at the paralympics . he has gone from being a hate figure to being credited with helping to turn britain's economy around. osborne is currently on a campaign tour of the south west.
bosses at queen's hospital in burton, staffordshire, didn't tell relatives about the arrangement. hospital said there were an unprecedented number of deaths over the easter weekend. a spokesman said the use of a refrigerated lorry is normal practice at hospitals across the country.
john and karen copleston claim neighbour paul phillips, 67, 'constantly harassed' them over a petty dispute. they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in poole, dorset. retired neighbourhood watch official accused the couple of putting gate up on communal land. he was caught on a covert camera as he repeatedly set off a motion sensor at the gate. but case against him was dismissed and a three-year restraining order was imposed on him by magistrates.
the video shows the falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform, before a gust of wind sways it to one side. the booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact. the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the rocket from florida. spacex founder elon musk said it was 'too hard' to land the booster on the drone barge.
harley jo skorpenske, a student at ohio state university who suffers from lupus, was parking in a handicap spot at a cvs in cleveland, ohio. a stranger wrote a note on her car claiming she should be 'ashamed'   the note claimed that harley had no right to park in a disabled space. her mother corinna wrote an open letter on facebook to publicly shame the writer and defend her daughter's condition.
review by catholic news service in america said show encourages audience to 'root for thomas cromwell'    reviewer also slams depiction of catholic martyr sir thomas more as'sleazy, mean-spirited and just plain rude'  critics warn distortion of historical facts pointed to 'ideological bias' of the drama.
wayne heneker was a security guard at a tavern in queensland when he was ambushed by a masked gunman. he shot at his attacker three times in a bid to save his own life. seconds after he fired the shots, he discovered the gunman was former colleague shameem rahman. mr henekers said he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago.
muslim couple hafeez batthi, 33, and his wife, khalida, 26, were racially abused on a sydney train on wednesday. the couple are 'hardworking, honest and kind' parents of a baby boy. stacey eden, 23, stood up in defence of the couple and has been offered an all-expenses-paid trip to visit their mosque. nsw police sources say a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into the incident. a middle-aged woman berated the muslim couple as 'isis terrorists' on the airport line train.
stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015. his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie can break the curse of previous winners flop out of the charts. first ever winner leanne mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer. andrea begley failed to chart in the top 100 after winning series two of the talent show.
thomas buckett plunged 15ft on to concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on glass skylight. he was 16 when he fell through roof of clayton hall business and language college in stoke-on-trent. mr buckett, 21, suffered life-changing head injuries and had to undergo surgery. family tried to sue staffordshire county council for not doing more to secure the premises. but court heard police officer told family it was 'the fault of thomas and his friends messing around' and they failed to sue council. judge ordered the buckett family to pay £150,000 in costs but they face financial ruin after failing to sue.
jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary threaten to remove kindergartner logan from class. she says the oils smell and are a distraction to youngsters around him . the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused. lake county school district said they would not suspend logan saying it was a 'health issue'
the only other prisoner who rode in a police van with freddie gray on april 12 told investigators that he believed the 25-year-old was trying to hurt himself, according to a leaked police report. the prisoner claims he heard gray 'banging against the walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself' in the police van. the report was leaked under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous. gray died the morning of april 19 from unexplained spinal cord injuries after being arrested by police in baltimore. police have denied causing gray's injuries, but have not explained how he died.
nasa’s new horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of pluto and its largest moon charon. taken from a distance of 71 million miles (115 million km)    it will become the first spacecraft ever to visit pluto on 14 july this year - humanity's first ever visit to the dwarf planet. the spacecraft was launched on 19 january 2006 at a speed of 36,373 mph (58,536 km/h) and is now three months away from its arrival at pluto.
angela kelly, 67, spent many years wearing high heel shoes. she had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed to have a titanium knee replacement. a new study suggests high heels can put dangerous pressure on knee joints. some women need invasive knee replacement surgery.
andrew sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014. he had been working with a drug task force as a confidential informant after he was caught selling marijuana on campus. his mother, tammy believes that he signed his death warrant when he agreed to become a drug informant for police. an autopsy concluded that he died of the gunshot wound and that he had no drugs or alcohol in his system. a gun that fires the same caliber bullet is missing from his family farm.
social circle peaks at 26 years and seven months. women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months. men hit friendship high point at 27 years and three months. a third of adults met their best friends at school and 22 per cent at work. average brit has four close friends, but ideally wants six.
russian president vladimir putin appeared on russian tv today looking fresh-faced, with no signs of wrinkles or bags under his eyes. his appearance is radically different to how he looked in previous pictures of the 62-year-old. there are persistent rumours he has had cosmetic surgery to give himself a more youthful look.
french model is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years for garnier's miracle sleeping cream advert. people on the street are asked to guess her age and judge her as older as the day progresses. the mother-of-two is photographed at the beginning and end of a typical working day.
beachfront property with summer and winter cottages has gone on the market for £3million in cornwall. property has stunning views of smugglers cove and is overlooking smugglers' cove on cornwall's north coast. estate agents have seen an increase in interest in holiday homes since poldark began airing last month. property boasts seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms, and is linked via a lift.
jason rezaian has been detained in iran for eight months and faces trial for'security charges' unspecified by the government. an iranian news agency considered to be close to iran hard-liners claims that he has been accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security'   he is the post's tehran bureau chief and faces charges of selling economic and industrial information from the country to unnamed americans.
the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years. the 'cripmas' party, held last december, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols. white students dressed in red and blue bandanas, t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos.
paramedics were called to cockle bay wharf in sydney's darling harbour on saturday night. a man has been rescued twice after falling backwards off a boat dock. the man was on the boat dock when emergency services were called. before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards into the water again. he was taken to hospital as a precautionary measure.
parents craig and bonnie morgan put their house on the market for £185,000 to help pay for son craig jr's private school fees. they have slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half and taken in lodgers. the family, from east sussex, want to send their son to £4,000 a term battle abbey prep school. cj, nine, is academically gifted but felt he wasn't being stretched at his state primary school.
pope francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary mass at the vatican on sunday. turkey said he has caused a 'problem of trust' after describing mass-murders by ottoman turks in 1915 as 'genocide' turkey summoned the holy see's ambassador in ankara in protest. turkey says turkey accepts that armenians died in clashes with turks but denies genocide.
the world's largest non-polar icefield in the kluane national park is home to a huge grizzly bear population. the infamous chilkoot trail was used by thousands of men during the klondike gold rush. the yukon is twice the size of british columbia and bordering alaska.
researchers found traces of compounds in yarrow and camomile in the plaque of neanderthal teeth found in 50,000-year-old teeth. neanderthals may have used wild herbs to flavour the meat they ate to make it more palatable. there is already evidence that they cooked their food and may have cooked stews in the skins of animals. but new research suggests they may have also used herbs to improve the taste of their food.
the coyote was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the church of the holy apostles in chelsea on tuesday morning. it was spotted on the grounds of a co-op building next to a church in manhattan . the male animal was captured more than an hour later when it was shot with a dart gun. it is the second time a coyote has been spotted in new york in two weeks.
unidentified driver was driving a new york city bus in ozone park, queens, on saturday night. unidentified commuter recorded him looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms. bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance. driver has been taken out of passenger service and could face possible termination.
a 37-year-old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit, michigan. the bodies of christie fradeneck, her daughter celeste, 2, and her son timothy, 8, were discovered by police monday night. officers discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman's sister called police. her husband was taken into custody without incident and police are investigating the deaths.
sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram with 342,969 photos. sydney's popular bondi beach has been ranked second with 261,911 photos. the world heritage listed sydney opera house is third on the top 20 most 'instagrammed' places in australia. nearly 60 million photos are reportedly uploaded to instagram each day.
unnamed teacher at foster high school in richmond, texas, is facing disciplinary proceedings for allegedly giving his students anti-muslim propaganda. the eight-page handout included references to terrorism and beheadings. the handout, entitled islam/radical islam (did you know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed' a muslim student showed the document to her parents who contacted the council of american islamic relations.
90 per cent of punters are convinced that the duchess of cambridge will give birth to a girl. a scottish punter placed a £2,000 wager on a new princess with ladbrokes. betting on the date of birth is also popular, with the 18th, 19th and 20th april most popular. names alice and victoria are the most popular royal baby names, followed by victoria.
stephanie scott's funeral will be held at the eat your greens function centre in eugowra next wednesday. the leeton high school teacher was due to marry her childhood sweetheart aaron leeson-woolley last saturday. a memorial service will take place at the venue at 1pm. the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra confirmed the funeral. ms scott went missing on easter sunday and her body was found burned in a national park. vincent stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder.
ex-england defender is part of operation black vote campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote. campbell has joined forces with david harewood, tinie tempah and ade adepitan. campaign features stars in photographs ahead of voting registration deadline on april 20. ex-gunner campbell retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics.
edward fride, the pastor at christ the king church in ann arbor, michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license. he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a'reduction in the availability of an armed police response'    he wrote that police were supportive of 'doing what is necessary to protect our families and homes'
london-born street artist plastic jesus put up seven 'no kardashian parking anytime' signs around hollywood this week. he says he got the idea while driving down melrose avenue in l.a. a few weeks ago. the street artist says the signs are not meant to target the family specifically but the reality tv star obsession in general. he has been compared to street artist banksy.
the mother-of-three gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn on february 9. she and her husbandalex mehran welcomed their third child, a daughter, quinnlann clancy, nine weeks ago. maggie shared a snap of herself in a string bikini playing with her two-year-old son quinnlyn clancy on the beach.
temperatures in the south could reach 23c (73f) by wednesday. five flood alerts are in place today - for devon, cornwall, somerset, bristol and cumbria - for high tides and strong winds. today will bring cloudy weather for central and eastern britain with chance of light showers. this spring is now odds-on to be the warmest on record.
actor aidan turner, 31, mowed a hay field shirtless in last night's episode of poldark. scything expert chris riley, 56, says the actor's 'excessive sweating and grunting' tarnished the art of mowing. he compared turner to iggy pop and said he should have kept his shirt on.
mark & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla – or mango plum – after years of work with specialist growers in thailand. the fruit has a bright orange edible skin and will go on sale from this weekend. it has been nicknamed the plango and is expected to be a big hit.
liam linford oliver-christie, 29, caught with drugs under his floorboards during police raid in west kensington, west london. his father is former olympic sprinter linford christie, who was jailed for 15 months in 2012 for 'turning a blind eye' to drug dealing at his home. officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with help of a sniffer dog at his council flat in september 2013. he today admitted two counts of possessing class a drugs at isleworth crown court.
major nidal hasan opened fire on november 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the fort hood military post in killeen, texas. on friday, the army awarded dozens of purple hearts and two defense of freedom medals to victims and family of the attack. major hasan was convicted by a military judge in 2013 in the killings of 13 people and injuring 31 others. ten of the survivors remain on active duty.
virgin australia domestic flights it will now serve complimentary food on all its flights. free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights. the move will complement the free in-flight entertainment already on offer. the airline hailed the move as another step in its transformation into a premium airline.
nikko jenkins, 28, tried to carve '666' into his forehead but did it backwards with a mirror.    he was jailed one year ago for shooting dead four people in 10 days after being released from prison. doctor described him as 'one of the most dangerous people' he had ever encountered. may use the botched case of self-mutilation as evidence he is mentally unstable.
the 53-year-old is accused of a total of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years. fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent.   he allegedly assaulted two girls under the age of 16 at a motor show and another at a theme park. fox was arrested in september last year and denies all the allegations.
ben parson, 34, proposed to girlfriend anna jefferson, 36, in the middle of the brighton marathon. she was watching him run with their children nancy, three, and thomas, 11 months. he completed his sixth marathon in 3hrs 36min.
ken broskey, 69, of livonia, michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, and has taken a job as an uber driver.   he has taken the job so he can earn money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can continue to live in his house. a college student, roland gainer, started a gofundme page for the man which has almost reached its $95,000 goal.
the head, designed by american robotics designer david hanson, is made using specialised software and can recognise and respond to facial expressions. it is currently on exhibit at the global sources spring electronics show at asiaworld expo in hong kong. the robot can answer basic questions and can be used in the simulation of medical scenarios.
xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats. compared chefs' corner-cutting to the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. last year france did not get a single entry in the top ten of the world's 50 best restaurant awards. a new law to try and promote freshly made dishes has been criticised.
mohammed tahir, 53, of leytonstone, east london, was banned from using london underground during rush hours. he rubbed his crotch and pot belly on a woman in a busy carriage. undercover police officers were watching his every move. he was charged with two similar offences in 2003 only to be cleared.
in the hbo documentary thought crimes 'cannibal cop' gilberto valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that he allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online. valle was a former new york city police officer who was convicted of conspiring to abduct, cook and eat women. the film premiered on thursday at tribeca film festival and will be shown on hbo.
craig roberts, 36, from chadderton, manchester, was told he had to leave his guide dog bruce outside if he wanted to be served. he was left feeling 'embarrassed and humiliated' by the incident. the post office has issued an apology 'for any distress caused' by staff.
emma forbes, 49, is the daughter of actress nanette newman and film director bryan forbes. she and hedge fund boss husband graham clempson, 51, bought five-bedroom mansion for cash. it comes after she made a profit on the sale of her previous chelsea flat for £43 million. the red-brick mansion with a neo-classical facade was torn down by the previous owners. one neighbour described it as looking like a 'downmarket mortuary'
the heartwarming scenes were captured by professional photographer denis budkov, 35, during a trip to kuril lake in kamchatka, in russia. the family of bear cubs were relaxing on the banks of the lake as they played and snoozed in the sunshine.
less than 100 is a pop-up shop in pittsburgh, pennsylvania where women are charged only 76 per cent as much as men to reflect the local gender pay gap. women earn an average of 78 cents for every dollar that men make in the u.s.   the shop's owner, elana schlenker, wants to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes. she plans to travel with the shop, changing prices everywhere to reflect women's pay gap in new orleans and louisiana.
violet price, 80, had been missing from her home in moustier village since last week after attending a dinner party. her son was unable to reach her by phone after she failed to return home. a 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder after he told police where to find body parts. mrs price's body parts were found 'in two different areas' of the southern french region.
the island of por-bajin was found in a remote lake in the mountains of southern siberia, 3,800km from moscow. it was discovered in 1891 but the purpose of the island has baffled experts for over a century. experts say it could have been a fortress or prison, but some believe it was a summer palace, monastery, or astronomical observatory.
millie marotta, 36, from tenby, wales, took eight months to complete animal kingdom. sells 500,000 copies worldwide and has been translated into 19 different languages. the colouring book is at the top of amazon's top 100 books list. millie, a former art teacher, finds drawing therapeutic and finds it a way to de-stress.
biology teacher discovered the worms on the surface of the snow while skiing in the mountains near bergen. there have been multiple reports of worm rainfall in southern norway. the rare phenomenon has been reported across large swathes of the south of the country. a similar phenomenon was reported in sweden in the 1920s.
jonathan krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior at the university of kentucky, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. friday. police charged justin smith, 18, with the murder and charged him with robbery and other charges. he was driving a red minivan that police believe was involved in the attempted robbery. kruegar was walking home when two men in a minivan pulled up and tried to rob him, but he ran. another man was with him and claims the men grabbed his watch and wallet and ran away. police are still searching for the two men.
freddie gray died sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' during an arrest in baltimore. he was arrested for having a switchblade knife after being stopped for running away from police. six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still don't know how it happened. gray was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma and died seven days later at a trauma center. police still have no answers about exactly what happened that led to the neck injury. baltimi mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said that she is frustrated by the lack of answers.
robert fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons at honeycrocks farm in salfords, surrey. he lived there with his family from 2002 and unveiled it officially in 2006. but local authority laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission for four years. after nine-year legal battle it has been ruled home must be pulled down within 90 days. mr fidler compared situation to an artist being made to destroy a piece of work.
memorials to south africa's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters. statues of queen victoria and king george v were splashed with paint in port elizabeth and durban. cecil john rhodes statue was removed from the university of cape town after it was daubed with excrement.
tina fey was seen out with her husband jeff richmond and daughter penelope on a school run in new york city on friday morning. the writer, actress and producer was spotted for the first time since the suicide of cosmetic dermatologist dr. fredric brandt. dr brandt took his own life on april 5 and was said to be devastated over a caricature of him, dr. franff, on fey's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt.    the doctor was a plastic surgeon who was played by martin short in the show and was compared to the real-life dr. brandt . fey has yet
mohammed dahbi discriminated against actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer. ordered them to 'keep that behavior for the bedroom'   he also called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' after they refused to pay the fare and walked away. he was ordered to pay $10,000 in fines and attend anti-discrimination training.
'beautiful young vampires' are said to be driving a surge in young people dabbling in the occult. true blood and twilight films and tv shows are driving a new generation of demonic 'possessions'   professor giuseppe ferrari made revelation at vatican-backed exorcism course.
karen gaynor appeared at rotherham magistrates court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning a tree. she was locked in a police cell for six hours and put on bail for seven months. a complaint was made by her neighbour as part of a long-running boundary dispute. magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty of the charge.
joshua corbett is charged with stalking and breaking into actress sandra bullock's home in june of last year. bullock called police after seeing a man in her los angeles home and hid in her bedroom closet. a judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for corbett to stand trial. corbett appeared in court today at a preliminary hearing for the charges.
comres poll reveals 54% want her kept out of the next uk government, and 59% want snp as a whole to play no part in running the country. ms sturgeon today launched her party's manifesto setting out demands for as price propping up labour government.   snp leader promises the rest of the uk the 'hand of friendship'    36% of voters back lib dems playing a role in the next government, with only 40 per cent against.
david cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service. prime minister said last night he was ‘utterly committed’ to health service . move is designed to demolish labour claims that the tories would ‘cut the nhs to the bone’ nhs boss simon stevens named figure needed to help plug £30billion hole in accounts.
tom ryan, 40, was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island. onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding. the married father-of-two is expected to live after losing one of his legs.
phoenix keating, alice mccall, zhivago and khim hangall embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk at mercedes benz fashion week australia. models wore stocking caps, fishnets, tattoos and leather harnesses. the fashion week event took place at sydney's carriageworks.
ryan, 41, phoned rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are reconciling after four-year feud over affair. natasha giggs had an eight-year affair with manchester united star ryan giggs. he apologised to his brother nearly four years after bedding her for the last time. the two were spotted out together at a bar in manchester on easter sunday.
snp leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in loanhead, near edinburgh. snp leader refused to rule out a second vote on breaking up the uk.   snp has seen a surge in support since september's independence referendum. but the prospect of another referendum has been condemned by rival parties. lib dem leader nick clegg warned the entire country would suffer if snp chose to ask the same question again.
double as many bets on who will win the most seats have been placed on the conservatives than labour. latest polls have the two main parties locked on 35 per cent, pointing to another hung parliament. one bookie has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on david cameron's party to win most seats. betting market is expecting this year's general election to be the biggest non-sporting market in history.
justin braddock, 34, was found unconscious in the front seat of a car after allegedly taking heroin. patrick o’melia, 39, a volusia county sheriff’s deputy sheriff, was on patrol in florida. he found braddock unconscious and spent seven minutes giving him cpr to revive him. braddock was taken to hospital but fled without a thank you and was caught as he ran from hospital. a two-year-old child was also found in the car and charged with neglect.
larung gar buddhist academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns, who study tibetan buddhism in the hills of larung gar valley in china. the settlement is the world's largest buddham settlement, home to more than 30,000 nuns and monks. the huts are made of red wooden huts, with no heating or toilets, and are segregated by age and sex.
the handwritten notes of samir al- khlifawi explains in detail how isis were able to take control in syria by infiltrating villages and using spies. blueprints for an isis secret service and instructions on how to infiltrate and take control of local villages have been discovered. handwritten charts and notes were found in the home of a former iraqi army colonel. almost all the highly secretive officials overseeing the day-to-day running of isis are former members of saddam hussein's baathist army.
the 223ft explorer superyacht costs 40million euros and has space for 12 guests. comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and car and jetski storage. designed by british yacht designer tony castro and costs £29million to build. the explorer is designed to circumnavigate the globe.
13-page checklist from the gemini 4 mission in june 1965 is tipped to sell for a huge £80,000 ($120,000)   splatters of blood on the checklist were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft. ed white was the first us astronaut to perform a spacewalk, but the hatch was difficult to open. it's thought one of them cut their hand or finger on the hatch locking mechanism and blood ended up on the document. but the mission ultimately proved successfully and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon.
andrei lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in shyrokyne, east ukraine. he suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital. incident came after a night of heavy fighting between rebels and government forces.
steve esmond and his wife, dr theresa devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa resort in st. john. sean, 16, and ryan, 14, were in critical condition. the us environmental protection agency said methyl bromide was used at the resort several times in the past year. the family were airlifted to separate hospitals suffering major respiratory trauma.
mary day, 60, claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance despite having £27,000 in savings. used money to go on luxury holidays to the indian resort of goa for up to a month each time. went on three trips to goa in 2009, 2011 and 2014, but did not tell the authorities. she was sentenced to three months in prison, but suspended for 12 months.
police were called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during fracas at southport holiday park. two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after 'all hell broke loose' at pontins in merseyside. 26-year-old man from huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
david nellist, 38, of keswick, cumbria was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called coco'screaming'   he was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, and banned from keeping animals for five years by magistrates. coco has since been rehomed.
white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet, china. it has a distinctive rounded penis compared to the arrow shaped genitalia of other macaques. researchers set up camera traps to study the macaques and noticed some looked different. the new species of primate was discovered after scientists identified it by its penis.
chelsea manning, 27, was convicted of espionage and sentenced to 35 years prison in july 2013 for leaking classified documents to thewikileaks website. she has given her first in-depth interview since announcing plans to transition into a woman. manning was born bradley manning and was a former army private who enlisted as a woman . she recently received approval to undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment while in prison. but she is not allowed to grow her hair long, which she describes as 'painful and awkward'
labour leader ed miliband has jumped ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings. labour party has also taken a four point lead over the tories with just 28 days to polling day. survation poll reveals labour leader has overtaken david cameron as the most popular political leader.
shadow business secretary chuka umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing'   ed miliband is more ideologically wedded to maintaining the 50p top rate and said it was 'about fairness in society'  but shadow chancellor ed balls is said to want the new top rate to be temporary, while mr miliband wants it to stay.
73 per cent of grilled cheese lovers have sex at least once a month, according to a survey by us dating site skout. fans of the sandwich are also more charitable and are more likely to travel than those who don't. 84 per cent love to travel and 81 per cent donate to charity. the most popular filling is american cheese.
dave hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster derryn hinch a 'w**ker' on national television. hughes and hinch were on abc's q&a on monday night discussing alcohol and depression. the comedian said he 'absolutely stand by' his comment. hinch and hughes were discussing depression and alcohol after a video of prime minister tony abbott skolling a beer.
the harewood arms in wakefield, west yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for nigel farage's ukip. right-wing party is running a'save the pub' campaign in the run up to the election. pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises. landlord matt eason said it has received a'marmite love it or hate it of reception' from regular customers.
nick cousins, 57, and partner grace garcia cousins, 53, arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of daughter. blanca cousins, 15, fell to her death after locking herself in bathroom of multi-million pound flat in hong kong. her birth and that of her 14-year-old sister were never registered and she did not attend school. police sources said girl had been 'unhappy' and locked herself in the bathroom before falling to death. she was found by security guard at the foot of the apartment block at the end of the 21-storey block.
three suspected assailants were killed and two state police were injured during the violence in reynosa, one of mexico's biggest cities along the u.s. border. on saturday, mexican authorities confirmed the capture of jose tiburcio hernandez fuentes, a leader of the gulf cartel.
jake castner, from ballarat in victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest. the 19-year-old drug addict and convicted thief is on his fifth day on the run. he boasted on facebook: 'we don't talk to police'   castner pleaded guilty to 33 offences in november last year and was given the 'nightmare' title by a magistrate.
albert is a selkirk rex cat from salt lake city, usa, with a permanent frown. he has 44.1k followers on instagram and is named after famous physician albert einstein. the grey cat is pictured frowning and glaring at the camera in a series of snaps.
kelly watson, 41, was diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday. doctors predict her condition will deteriorate in just five years and she is living in fear of forgetting her 17-year-old daughter, holly. she said the joys of watching her grow up had 'all been stolen from me'   she attends a dementia support group five days a week and relies on her mother moira to wash her hair.
over-55s had the same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24, study found. majority of older workers did not believe better computer skills would help them in their current job. experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people.
kent sprouse was put to death by lethal injection thursday night in texas. sprouse, 42, was convicted of killing a police officer marty steinfeldt, 28, and a customer, pedro moreno, 38, at a convenience store in 2002. he died 22 minutes after being injected and is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in the state of texas .
shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in tulun, russia. its mother was likely killed by poachers and the cub is unable to survive on its own. the family matriarch feeds the bear porridge and milk from a refashioned beer bottle. they are hoping to find a new home for the bear and have placed adverts on the internet. wildlife experts warn that the bear will soon become a massive beast and pose a danger to the family.
body cam vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in yatala on the gold coast. police rescued victims from a flipped holden commodore after a police chase on saturday night. a 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle. one passenger was hospitalised with a broken neck after the dramatic police chase. rather than gratitude, friends of the injured can be heard threatening the officers who rescued their friends.
anna foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent. 30-year-old was part of a gang of fraudsters who sold coloured diamonds in £1.5m 'boiler room' scam. she was found guilty of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering. foord even flew to new york to shop in fifth avenue boutiques using the money she made.
ro rye silverman, 32, is the latest real life model to star in modcloth's fashion truth campaign. the transgender writer and comedian came out as a transgender when she was 27. she has been a fan of the clothing label's designs for years and often posts images of herself wearing them on the modcloth open fashion forum.
lorraine valentine suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria (epp)   causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or uv light. holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days, as the heat caused her body to swell. she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun leaves her in pain. she calls herself the'real life vampire' and is desperate for a drug to help her.
two hot cross buns takes up to 50 minutes of running to work off. a small chocolate bunny takes an hour and ten minutes of swimming to burn off. the key is to maintain an even balance of 'energy in' and 'energy out'   experts advise that it is better to manage our energy consumption than to try and work it off afterward.
ronald reagan asked mikhail gorbachev for support in the event of an alien invasion at a peace summit in 1985. the former us president asked for help from russia to 'fight the alien invader'   reagan repeated the warning to a group of students and his advisers examined his speeches to remove any mention of aliens. he was said to be an avid science fiction fan and was inspired by the day the earth stood still.
gina maria schumacher was one of the participants in the nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth. the 17-year-old was seen riding a number of different horses during the week-long event. dressed in a variety of decorated cowboy-style outfits and a brown stetson hat. her performance comes days after her brother mick, 16, returned to the racing circuit.
kate had pots of pink paint delivered to anmer hall from annie sloane for the new baby's nursery. royal baby is expected to be born later this week. new baby will spend first few weeks at duchess of cambridge's norfolk home. royal nursery at kensington palace has been given a beatrix potter theme.
kieron power’s wife was given a £110 ticket for stopping behind a police car and van. delivery driver was pulled over and questioned under anti-terror laws after taking pictures of police cars at bus stop. mr power, 54, was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by police cars after he took the pictures. his wife had previously been given a ticket for doing the same thing.
geraldine schultz, 67, was killed when a tornado struck her home in fairdale, illinois, last week. photograph showing her with husband clem, 84, was found 35 miles away in the town of harvard. it showed her alongside her husband and was taken in 1980 to feature in a church directory. clem was in the house with his wife when the tornado struck - but survived.
'nail' houses in china are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' and are left standing after their owners refused to give in to property developers vying for their demolition. the houses are known to be known as stubborn house owners and are difficult to remove. one house in the middle of a construction site was left standing for four years.
mary kay letourneau, 53, and her husband vili fualaau, 31, will talk about her rape trial and married life in an interview with barbara walters on 20/20 on friday. the former seattle teacher started a relationship with him when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and fell pregnant with his child. she was sentenced to seven and a half years in prison for the relationship and was released in 2004. after she served her sentence, they married and now have two children together. the interview will air on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary.
marks were found on the fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in the french region of poitou-charentes. similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of dead relatives. this is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years. some neanderthals may have eaten deceased friends and family for food or in bizarre funeral rituals.
alison sharland, 47, accepted £10.35m settlement from ex-husband charles, 54, in the belief it was half his fortune. but he lied about the value of his share in appsense software company. court of appeal found he had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court. she will now take her case to the supreme court.
cheryl rios, who runs the company go ape marketing, posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced her plans to run for president. 'with the hormones we have, there is no way a woman should be able to start a war,' she said. rios' comments sparked criticism on social media with people calling her a misogynist and a hypocrite.
audrey pekin, 19, says she was raped twice on christmas eve in bali by a man. she was on holiday with her family. henry alafu allegedly lured her to his remote home and brutally raped her. she tried to escape in a taxi, but he forced his way into the back of the car and attacked her again. ms pekin has slammed indonesian police for letting her attacker escape back to his native nigeria.
brianne altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor. she is accused of having sex with three students at davis high school in utah. one of her alleged victims has accused the davis county school district of failing to fire the english teacher. he claims the district was aware of her inappropriate behavior but failed to fire her. she allegedly had sex with him and two other boys while she was out on bail for charges relating to the first two students.
glen walford, 75, has been embroiled in a legal battle with worcestershire county council since her mother mary moved to a care home in 2006. theatre director wanted to retire to her mother's £205,000 home in stourport-on-severn. a judge ruled that her home should not be taken into account when her mother was put into care. but council said it was not her home at the time and she had to rent a flat in london. court of appeal ruled in favour of the council and ordered her to use the equity in the house to pay for mother's care bills. miss walfords said she had always planned to retire
lee keeley grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest at lincoln county court. 38-year-old defendant chased her round courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing his temper. he was jailed for two years after admitting assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed and when the user is signed into their google account on chrome. a map appears as the first result with a message asking the user to sign in. clicking 'ring' will remotely call the handset. the tool can't lock the phone, or erase its data.
dawn williamson, 39, from scotland, had been petrified of snakes since she was seven years old. she could not even confront a plastic snake without breaking down in tears. used to compulsively check her toilet for snakes and shake her boots to check for them. was cured live on tv by therapists nik and eva speakman in ten minutes. she was able to touch a real-life python and touch a 9ft burmese python.
model and actress sulinh lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she was the only female stunt driver on furious 7. the 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress told a blogger at the furious 7 premiere that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set. a stunt supervisor on the film said she was an extra on the set - one of 1,500 people.
andrew steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths of his wife, 39-year-old ashlee steele and her sister, kacee tollefsbol, 38, at their home in lake elmo, wisconsin. a forensic psychiatrist testified that lou gehrig's disease is the reason steele killed his wife and sister-in-law. steele penned a rambling note a day before the killings claiming that he had had threesomes with his wife  and sister - and that the three of them had made a suicide pact. the former sheriff's deputy claims he blacked out during the killings and
house in the sea sits on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge. the island is connected by a private staircase and comes complete with a four poster bed. the house can be booked for up to six guests and costs up to £3,000 per couple.
roxy walsh found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali on april 7. she shared a photo of a gold ring she found on facebook in the hope of finding its owner. the facebook message has already been shared 23 thousand times. travel blog the bali bible shared the post to more than 171 thousand followers.
marie surprenant, from atlanta, georgia, was eight-months-old when she was abused by her biological mother and her boyfriend. she was admitted to hospital with more than 14 fractures, bruises and a spinal cord injury. her social workers and detectives 'investigated and solved' her case. marie was placed in foster care and later adopted by her adoptive mother michele. she wrote an open letter to social workers to thank them for placing her in a happy home.
abu bakr al-baghdadi was wounded while travelling in a three-car convoy in march in nineveh, iraq. he is no longer in control of the terrorist group, according to iraqi source. his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader. news of the attack follows contradictory reports of his death in air strikes.
71 per cent of voters say they are choosing politicians and have no need to know about their spouses and children. only 25 per cent believe it is important to get to know party leaders' families, comres poll shows. ed miliband, david cameron and nick clegg have made their wives prominent in the campaign.
buddhist monk wu yunqing was preserved at lingquan temple in central china's anyang city in 1998. he was put in a crystal display case sitting in the traditional lotus position of prayer. his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible 17-years after his death. the mummified monk is believed to have lived for 102 years.
toshiba's humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in tokyo. named aiko chihira, it will only speak japanese - but is also capable of sign language. the robot is programmed with multiple human-like expressions. it will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information.
christopher flowers was driving down chili avenue, near route 390, in rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt. it caused several layers of his clothing to burst into flames, engulfing his torso and neck. he was rushed to hospital with severe burns to his upper body and neck . but on sunday, hospital officials announced that the retired marine, 84, has died in hospital from burns.
jack mascitelli, from victoria, ran through byron bay naked during schoolies week for a free kebab. the 18-year-old was fined $500 for offensive behaviour. he accidentally ran past a group of police officers and was found hiding in a kebap shop. a magistrate labelled him a 'goose' in court after he argued against the fine.
corry 'corey' campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists' who tortured greg valecce, 53, for three days. he believed the victim had hurt his cat, pebbles, and tied him to a chair in the basement of his mother's house. campbell's girlfriend sandra ng, 19, was sentenced to 23 months in state prison for her role in the abuse. another man, david harrison, is awaiting sentencing for his part in the crime.
jamie pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after stealing six mobile phones. the 26-year-old threatened to slice off a schoolboy's face. he is the son of trevor, who was acquitted of shooting two police constables in melbourne's infamous 1988 walsh street murders. pettingills robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones, and sold them to fund a gambling addiction. the judge feared his surname would bring him unwanted attention in prison.
runette afonso, 42, will marry marko conte, 30, this october after two months of dating. ranette was married at the time of the accident but had been growing apart from her first husband of 20 years. marko crashed into ranette's parked car while she was waiting for her husband to return. the pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began to text regularly. two months after the accident, marko surprised ranette by asking her to marry him.
jessica brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, zakk satterley, when they became stuck in traffic on the i-65 in louisville, kentucky, waiting for the presidential motorcade to pass. fortunately, a nurse was sitting in her car nearby and ran over to help deliver the baby boy, arley, safely. president obama was visiting the city to tour a technology plant. both mother and baby arley are doing well.
temperatures in southern england and wales are forecast to reach 24c (75f) today and 25c (77f) tomorrow. bookmakers are placing bets on this summer being the hottest on record. warm weather is caused by warm air blowing in from the azores and will last well into next week.
kyle seitz, 37, of ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, in the death of his 15-month-old son, benjamin. seitz forgot to take his son to day care on the morning of july 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work . the software programmer told the authorities that he 'felt shock and terror' when he discovered his son was in the back seat'motionless'    seitz pleaded guilty march 10 to criminally negligent homicide under an alford plea and was facing a year in prison.
the nasuwt union said indiscipline is a ‘significant problem’, with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched. a deputy headteacher fell and fractured her arm while trying to restrain a six-year-old boy with autism. staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit children's throats.
chaos caught on camera, premieres on science channel monday, april 13, and reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of a disaster. each incident is deconstructed with graphics, illustrations and an explanation of the facts. the first episode of the new series airs on the science channel at 10pm.
koral reef, 20-year-old from temecula, california, married her high school sweetheart corey pier in july 2013. reef died a year later from a rare, deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba infection. her family believes she picked up the deadly and mysterious balamuthia mandrillaris infection on a family trip to lake havasu in may 2013. sybil meister firmly believes her daughter died from the rare and mysterious infection. reef's mother is now on a mission to educate the world about the dangers of the disease.
dr nadeem azeez, 52, is thought to be in pakistan but was charged with manslaughter by gross negligence. maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter. frances cappuccini, 30, died hours after giving birth to her second son giacomo in kent in 2012. primary school teacher from west malling, kent, died from a haemorrhage hours after birth.
dmitry kaminskiy is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians'   he says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120. jeanne calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5. the oldest supercentenarians living are jeralean talley, at 115 years old.
the federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a tv drama to deter asylum seekers from entering australia by boat. the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria, iraq and afghanistan later in the year. the drama will be urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers. it comes as prime minister tony abbott stated that only the coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats.
uber driver emerson decarvalho, 38, charged with assault with a deadly weapon after the incident in san francisco. the cyclist was allegedly shouting at the driver and pushing in his mirror. he was knocked unconscious and suffered a punctured lung, broken ribs and a broken clavicle. the driver stayed at the scene and was charged.
jesus salas aguayo was arrested on friday by mexican police in his hometown of villa ahumada. he is a former gun for hire and jarez cartel boss known for his brutal methods. authorities link over twenty deaths directly to the liquidator, including a murder in juarez city. he was arrested after a gunfight and charged with multiple felonies.
director thierry fremaux told celebrities to stop taking 'ridiculous and grotesque' pictures at cannes film festival. he said he could not ban the pictures, but said celebrities will be discouraged from taking them. said the pictures slowed down the entire event and made celebrities look 'ugly'   michael fassbender, cate blanchett and matthew mcconaughey are among the stars competing at the 68th annual event.
london has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities. nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each. manchester city council was the worst offender for its size with 77 staff working for it in pr and similar areas. the number of communications staff is more than two times that of 20 central government departments. johnathan isaby, chief executive of the tax payers' alliance, called the figures 'blatant hypocrisy'
michelle o'clee, 39, said her bigamist husband's 'extraordinary lies' were like something from a john grisham book. andrew o’clee was caught out when he was tagged in ice bucket challenge video with new wife philippa campbell, 40 miles away. he told his first wife he had to leave their home because he was in witness protection. michelle was pregnant with his first child when he married his second wife in a lavish wedding. he was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy and was caught by police.
elizabeth sedway, 51, from granite hill, california, says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly. the married mother of three, her husband and their two sons were returning home to califcalifornia monday after vacationing in hawaii. sedway posted an emotional video on her facebook page showing her family being kicked off a flight from hawaii . the family of four was forced to spend the night in a hotel after the flight was delayed. alaska airline later apologized to the family for mishandling the situation.
richard williams, 54, spent £50,000 turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german second world war submarine. captain birdseye lookalike was jailed for a total of four years and eight months at manchester crown court. his ex-wife laurel howarth, 28, was also jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year tax fraud.
maria twomey, 42, of watford, weighed 12st 7lb and was wearing size 14 clothes. by her 40th birthday she was struggling to fit into her own clothes. she decided to lose weight and changed her diet and exercise regime. she joined a fitness modelling competition and slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 7lbs. she now works out for three hours a day and is a professional fitness model.
video was taken of a routine skydive in everöd, sweden and recorded on the helmet of a go pro camera. the camera became detached from the diver's helmet and fell to the ground at 10,000ft. it took one and a half minutes to free fall and was found in a field. remarkably, the camera remains intact as it spins out of control as it falls to earth.
shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust paid a temporary nurse £183 an hour to cover a single 12-hour shift. figure equates to double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed in a freedom of information request. it was paid by the trust to help cover a shortage of trained nurses at the trust. trust defended the spend, saying temporary staff had to be used to cover shortfall in trained nurses.
arman nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her in october 2009 as she walked to a youth club. he was free for several years after the attack because of a bungled police investigation. greater manchester police dropped the case and he lived as a free man streets away from victim. three years later she complained to police and the case was re-opened and nejad was arrested in 2013. police are now investigating why the rape case was initially shelved after a complaint.
karen catherall, 45, was brutally murdered by darren jeffreys, 47, who she met on a dating site. he followed her home and beat and strangled her to death after she returned from the pub. police told her family she had tried to make a 999 call hours before her murder. but call handlers failed to connect the call to the police and did not alert officers. bt operators said they could not hear anything and the call was disconnected after 13 seconds. jeffrey only called paramedics the following morning claiming he thought she was sleeping. her family have slammed bt for not taking action at the time to alert police.
the loose women panellist said she was 'hounded on twitter' after airing her views on itv show. now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20. the 34-year-old mother-of-two appeared on loose women to say she was sorry for upsetting people. she said she stood by her comments and that she was referring to 'extreme sizing'    co-panellists ruth langford and janet street porter were quick to leap to her defence.
craig and jemma edwards married at bristol children's hospital after being engaged for three years. son corey, five, is suffering from a terminal congenital heart defect and may not live much longer. he wanted to be married at his bedside and had often asked his parents why they were not married. the couple had to get special permission from the archbishop of canterbury to marry at the hospital.
walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from sydney, is suffering from arthritis. he picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of tetley's tea. the bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks. all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also begun drinking the beverage.
the photos were shot by linden gledhill from staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a phd in biochemistry. the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the finer details of a butterfly's wing pattern. they show the layout of individual scales, which give the insect its iridescence. some of the scales look like exotic bird feathers, while others resemble autumnal leaves.
we're all guilty of snacking but there are some who do it more often than others. experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger. femail worked with dietitian to study snacking habits in the uk. identified three tribes of snackers: snack amnesiacs, situational snackers and super snackers. take the quiz to find out what sort of snacker you are and how to change your habits.
archaeologists discovered 20 stone flakes and anvils buried in sediment west of lake turkana in kenya. date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any other found previously. discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution. stone tools were discovered by accident and are believed to be 3.3 million years old.
shanna mccormick, 31, weighed 28st and feared she would not live to see her wedding day. doctors warned her weight would kill her if she didn't lose weight. her partner of 14 years, dan dimmock, was terrified she would die in her sleep. she lost 16.5st in two years and dropped 18 dress sizes. the couple are engaged to be married.
kenneth morgan stancil, 20, is accused of killing his former supervisor, ronald lane, 44, at wayne county community college in goldsboro, north carolina on monday. he was found sleeping on a florida beach and charged with open murder. he appeared in court on tuesday and told the judge he admitted to killing lane, saying he 'ridded one last child molester from the earth' lane had been his supervisor at the college and was fired from his job last month. lane was gay and lane's long-term boyfriend, chuck tobin, took his life last year.
liana barrientos, 39, of the bronx, pleaded not guilty to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. she is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years and charged a fee for her'services'   one of the men she married was deported back to pakistan for making threatening statements against the u.s.   her first marriage took place in 1999, and she has been arrested multiple times for drug possession and trespassing.
woman, named only as gemma, has two children under five by two different fathers. handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old. debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all. she suspects gemma of stealing and says she is drinking and partying too much.
party's deputy leader harriet harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year to help with childcare. policy to be unveiled in labour's women's manifesto, to be launched today. more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work.
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth on the 25th april at st. mary's hospital. royal fans have begun arriving at the lindo wing ahead of the royal birth. margaret tyler, 71, and john loughery, 60, are two of the most well-known royal fans. mrs tyler is an avid collector of royal memorabilia and has amassed a collection worth £10,000. but royal watchers could be in for a long wait as the royal baby is more than a week away.
amanda knox and her ex-boyfriend, raffaele sollecito were exonerated of the murder of meredith kercher in late march. knox, 27, spent four years in prison after being convicted of the 2007 murder of the british student in italy. her biographer, douglas preston claims that knox is penniless, exhausted and traumatized from eight years of legal battles. she and her family have spent millions of dollars fighting her conviction. she is suffering from ptsd and is seeking professional help. she received a reported $4 million advance for her book.
lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as shiva. child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood when he arrived home. headteacher has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox' but is it worth trying? fad diets are the latest craze in healthy eating. spiralizing, freekah, bone broth and bone broth are all linked to weight loss. some of the fads have no scientific evidence to back them up. vavista dietitian sophie claessens picks the'miracle' foods.
tori spelling tripped and fell onto a hot grill at benihana's japanese restaurant in encino, california. she was taken to the grossman burn center at the west hills hospital for treatment. doctors determined she had a severe burn on the back of her right arm. she underwent a skin graft last week.
justine miliband, 44, met labour leader ed at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend. she said she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached' but he failed to tell her he was in a relationship. she was 'furious' when she found out he was secretly going out with the woman. mrs miliband said she fell in love with ed after she was bitten by a doberman while canvassing on his behalf.
alexander pacteau, 21, appeared at glasgow sheriff court charged with murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice. missing nursing student's body was found on a farm six miles north of her home earlier this week. miss buckley went missing after a night out at a nightclub in the city on saturday. she was a qualified nurse and a first-year occupational therapy student. alexander made no plea at court and was remanded in custody until next week.
jamie oliver's company says influential vloggers should be more aware of adverts for unhealthy foods. comes after investigation found 30-second adverts appear next to videos of children's vlogs. asa currently has no guidelines for video bloggers but is 'keeping an eye on the situation'
muslim engagement and development claims it can influence up to 30 seats at the general election. group wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution. group is in talks with both the conservatives and labour leadership, it has been reported. mend's chief executive sufyan ismail said to have boasted the group can act as 'kingmakers'
georgia high school basketball coach greg scott, 51, was diagnosed with leukemia on monday and died less than 24 hours later. the married father of two and grandfather was a teacher and basketball coach at cass high school in georgia. scott had taught special education and social studies at cass for the past eight years and was the school's head basketball coach. initially, scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable but he succumbed to the disease.
wanquan castle was built in 1393 and was known as the ming dynasty's'martial city'   the fortress measures two kilometres in circumference and was protected by an imposing 12-metre wall. restoration of the fortress' dilapidated outer wall is due to be completed next year. work will see building work completed in the original ming dynasty style of architecture.
andy jordan from made in chelsea is a fan of travelodge and stays in the odd travelodge. he loves to keep active on holiday and aims to surf in the arctic one day. his favourite hotel is the tryall club in jamaica. he is open to finding love on trains and loves to chat to girls.
robert menendez, 61, has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his friendship with eye surgeon dr salomon melgen. according to an indictment unsealed this month, menendez helped bring at least three of melgen's mistresses to the u.s. on visas. menendez faces the possibility of 15 years in prison if convicted of using his position to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $1million in gifts and campaign contributions.   menendez used his influence to get visas for a brazilian model, a ukrainian actress and a model who moved to florida to live in one of his homes.
alessandra ambrosio was seen partying at the coachella festival in california on sunday. she is currently being monitored at ucla hospital in westwood, los angeles. she was suffering 'constant headaches' and had booked the appointment two weeks ago.
na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house. the five-year-old ran to the window but fell between the metal bars and became trapped by her neck. neighbours rushed to help and used pipe to prop her up and support her feet. emergency services took 30 minutes to reach the child in the xiangtan, south china.
siyanda ngwenya, known as adams, allegedly attacked female contestant while she was asleep after a drunken night of partying. he boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman. the alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims. both contestants have been expelled from the south african version of big brother.
ashy bines is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago. the debts include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest. ashy is the face of the popular fitness program ashy bine bikini body challenge. court documents show tax office launched action in november and has lodged an application to liquidate abbbc. ms bines and her husband steven evans have reportedly sold their shares in the company. mr evans is currently in a court battle with rival fitness guru emily anderson.
camping la chapelle in argeles-sur-mer is one of eurocamp's most popular campsites. chris greenwood and his family stayed at camping la chappelle with his family for 10 days. the site has multiple swimming pools, a kids club, swings and a bakery. the biggest selling point is a swimming pool complex, including two water slides.
aboriginal model management australia is an exclusively aboriginal modelling agency. founder kira-lea dargin hopes 10 of her girls will join samantha harris at next year's fashion week. the agency started off with just five models and now has 40 models. she is casting for male and female models aged up to 60 years old in brisbane tomorrow. dargins believes high-end brands are hesitant to sign aboriginal models.
shot by adoring dad barles charkley on the site, who is based in baltimore, maryland. video stars his toddler daughter viktoria, as she comes to terms with the death of simba the lion's father, mufasa. her crestfallen reaction was captured on camera by her father. the brief video has so far garnered more than four million views.
two three-month-old western lowland gorillas were born to mothers layla and kumi at bronx zoo back in january. the pair were delivered just 48 hours apart, but keepers don't know either of their genders yet. the babies have been spotted roaming around the zoo's gorilla forest exhibit with their mothers. they share a father, 32-year-old ernie, who is father to both.
ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to the world premiere of marvel's avengers: age of ultron. he raised money for children's hospice julia's house. dorset-based charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire. it raised £1,388,863 for the charity.
benjamin carr, 22, harboured a hatred of mother-of-five pennie davis, 47, after six-year relationship with his father. he hired drug dealer justin robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he was a paedophile. mrs davis was found by her new husband in a pool of blood in a new forest after she was stabbed 13 times. carr was caught after he accidentally left his car keys beside her body. both men were jailed for life at winchester crown court after being convicted of murder and conspiracy to murder.
collision happened about 3pm on norfolk southern railway tracks near downtown meridian, mississippi. the 57-year-old woman's name has not been released. the coroner said the woman drove around functioning gates and flashers and collided with the southbound amtrak crescent. her suv was pushed nearly a quarter-mile.
daily mirror published pictures of hatton garden raiders 21 hours before scotland yard released them. tabloid claims it handed the images to police - who were 'delighted' - but police say they already had cctv footage. former flying squad chief john o'connor said he had 'never heard of' a newspaper getting it. but police only released the images after it was revealed by the daily mirror's sister paper.
google is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa, the owner of the three network. the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' to create a global network. users would be able to make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost. three already offers a similar scheme called feel at home that lets customers use their phones and plans in 18 countries.
star wars: rogue one, starring felicity jones, which is slated for release in december 2016. the standalone movie will be directed by gareth edwards of 'godzilla' fame. the film is set chronologically between the third and the fourth movies in the'star wars' saga. it starts shooting this summer, and will be released in 2016.
wine experts at jacob's creek created a guide to match wine with 10 of the nation's favourite snacks. pinot grigio is best for nachos and merlot is the best for chocolates. cabernet sauvignon is perfect with pepperoni and shiraz with pizza toppings.
tom richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of swansea. held in a cell for 11 hours before being bailed as police continue investigation. it comes after danniella westbrook, 41, accused her younger former boyfriend of violence online. he has vehemently denied the allegations and has not been charged. the pair split in november after spending months together in california.
the video was filmed on a hot day in bali, indonesia by australian tourist dirk nienaber. shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide, who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle. the primate casually unscrews the cap and takes a drink of the water.
victim was walking in subway underneath a major road in newbury, berkshire, when two boys approached him. they doused him in highly flammable wd40 and threatened to set him alight. the 12-year-old sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment. police are now hunting two boys aged 12 to 13 who threatened to burn the boy.
luke brett moore, 27, was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his freedom saving account with st george bank. he was unemployed and getting centrelink payments at the time. moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception. police found moore's haul after raiding his home in december 2012. the goulburn man spent the money on a maserati, a power boat, a michael jackson autograph and a signed photo of the top gear hosts.
johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night days after being released from rehab. the cleveland browns quarterback was joined by his girlfriend colleen crowley and sipped water throughout the night . the footballer checked into a facility on january 28 after entering a facility for treatment for his drinking. manziewiel was released from the rehab facility on january 28. he was seen partying at a bar and poolside with friends after his rookie season with the browns.
paul monk, 54, from essex, was wanted by spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of francis brennan. his body washed up on a costa blanca beach in march last year. monk was on the uk's most wanted list on suspicion of drug trafficking. he was arrested in a dramatic police raid on his villa in javea, alicante. monk is being held in jail and is expected to be charged and face trial over mr bren nan's murder.
former prime minister john howard found himself standing on the side of the road in sydney with a flat tyre. felicity waterford was waiting for her daughter in the car when she saw his driver change the tyre. mr howard was photographed standing on a footpath as his driver changed the tyre . it comes just weeks after liberal mp christopher pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television.
new york governor andrew cuomo is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island. governor met with cuba's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from jetblue, mastercard, pfizer and other new york-based companies. the governor is the first governor to visit cuba since 2010.
filmmaker michael könig from cologne, germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity. it was made by stitching together footage from nasa's solar dynamics observatory over five years . the movie, called sun, was created by filmmaker michael    and uses footage recorded by nasa’s solar dynamics observatory between 2011 and 2015.
ukip leader met hungarian ivan loncsarevity at hinge factory in clacton, essex. mr farage had an awkward exchange with 62-year-old man who spoke no english. but he insisted he did not want to send eu migrants home to stop them taking jobs of young britons. he was campaigning with ukip mp douglas carswell at the hinge factory.
ten former atlanta public school educators, convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest u.s. test-cheating scandals, were told to consider plea deals. fulton county judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution. if they do not, they could face significantly more time behind bars. a total of 35 educators were indicted in march 2013 on charges including racketeering, making false statements and theft. the judge told the defendants to accept a plea deal or face up to 20 years in prison.
the queen's guard slipped on a manhole cover during the changing of the guard at buckingham palace last week. he lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle. the entire incident was caught on camera by a tourist's camera. the embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet after the embarrassing tumble.
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in devon in july 2013 and is set to complete his journey tomorrow. the 35-year-old barman has completed 16,300 miles in 19 months. mr carr is just 24 hours away from completing his epic journey to become the fastest man to ever run around the world. he has covered 36,000,000 steps in 621 days and has crossed five continents. he is expected to beat the previous record by 24 hours beating the previous holder tom denniss.
british army fired 27 million 5.56mm rounds from sa-80 assault rifles during the eight-year conflict. soldiers went through £5,000 worth of ammunition for their assault rifles every day. at least 80,000 105mm artillery shells were fired at taliban during the conflict.
isis thugs are filmed using sledgehammers and ak-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in iraq's unesco world heritage city of hatra. jihadists are shown smashing shrines and relics in the 2,000-year old city. the video comes in the wake of a major blow for the terrorist group. isis claims ancient relics are 'false idols' that violate their fundamentalist interpretation of islamic law.
researchers in the us examined effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40. half of group were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days. scientists at university of california, davis said sugar consumption can suppress the hormone cortisol. women who had been drinking sugary beverages released less cortisol during maths test.
environmental health were called to the sutton arms, in elton, stockton, after two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis. six of them had clostridium perfringens - a common cause of food poisoning . owner michael alan flegg, 68, has admitted nine food hygiene offences at teesside magistrates' court. rodent droppings were found on the floor and food was past its sell-by date.
actor believes the church is targeted 'because it's not understood' by critics. he insists he has 'loved every minute' of being in the church. the 61-year-old says it has been a support system for his family for four decades. he was promoting his new thriller the forger. going clear alleges church elders have a 'blackmail file' of 'damaging material' from travolta's auditors.
ellia beasley had the line'scream your heart out' written across her belly from the song rooftops. she has more than 20 tattoos but lived to regret having lost prophet lyrics in one of her inkings. ian watkins was later exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser. ellia was told she would never be rid of the tattoo because it was too big and bold. but tattooist to the stars kevin paul was able to hide the lyrics with a new design.
former director of public prosecutions lord macdonald qc said new evidence was not passed to lord janner in 2007. cps lawyers in leicestershire decided fresh evidence against peer was not worth pursuing. he was not charged with child abuse because of alzheimer's . janner escaped prosecution for eight years until cps said he is unfit to stand trial due to illness.
amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc, us, is the first restaurant in the country with a pot-pairing menu. menu matches five falafels to five different strains of marijuana. the take-away restaurant is strictly a take away operation. owners arianne and scott bennett created the menu.
new york-based writer amanda richards says lane bryant's new i'm no angel lingerie campaign doesn't show plus-size women of different proportions. she has published photos of herself wearing the brand's lingerie to illustrate the problem. lane b bryant insists the campaign is diverse and represents 'the woman who unapologetically celebrates herself'
joel parker, 33, was about to get off the sunshine bus in st johns county, florida, when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar. when the driver declined, parker threw the candy bar at his head. the driver was not injured but called the police and parker was arrested for battery.
u.s. army sergeant dan urman's father eitan urman and his wife ronit were invited to drop the puck at the arizona coyotes game on saturday. they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years. when they were told a special guest would bring out the puck, their son dan ran out on to the ice. dan has been stationed in afghanistan since november of 2014. eitan was so excited to see his son, he slipped on the ice as he embraced him and lifted him off the ground.
the maker of clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs. but the corporate twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the introduction of new 'emoji' cartoons for iphones that include several faces of people with black and brown skin .
homestay.com is a website that lets you stay in the home of a host for free.    you can stay in a masai hut in a kenyan village or a merchant's haveli in rajasthan with responsibletravel.com. you can rent posh private apartments in some of the world's most glamorous cities through onefinestays.
joanne whitehouse, 44, applied for daughter alice to go to st john fisher'src primary school as her only preference. her three sons joel, nine, harri, seven, and ollie, six, already attend the school. she was left 'devastated' after finding out her four-year-old won't go to the same school. her granddaughter olivia, also four, will have to attend a different primary school with her.
joseph t. brennan jr. of norwell, massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials . police searched the home after an incident on saturday night where brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder . he was arraigned from his hospital bed on monday and pleaded not guilty to possession of an infernal device.
300,000 people visit salzburg each year to visit the locations of the sound of music. lady gaga paid tribute to the film at the oscars to mark its 50th anniversary. the film was set and filmed in austria and is still hugely popular with fans of the film. the city is known as the most hummable city in the world for its love of the movie.
canadian firm hammacher schlemmer's wrinkle preventing pillowcase costs $40 (£26) and comes with a lifetime guarantee. it is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep. it has a blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' that are said to fight wrinkles like a face cream.
jack andraka is a teen scientist and inventor from maryland. his memoir, breakthrough, has a blurb from barack obama. he was bullied as a geek and bullied when he came out as gay. his test for detecting pancreatic cancer won the top award at an international science competition.
dias costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders, who fled the property in a getaway car. the burglary took place late at night in the cerro norte neighbourhood of cordoba, central argentina. all of the men are currently in intensive care after being attacked with the samurai sword.
airbnb rentals cater to the british interior aesthetic of all tastes, from the atomic age to brit-pop '90s. mailonline travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era. from the 1950s to the 80s and 90s, airbnb offers a range of rental options.
the scene portrayed a teenager testifying in court during the trial of janet johnson-luna. he told the court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it for extra credit. he referred to the attack by his teacher as 'the best day of my life'   viewers condemned the sketch on twitter, calling it 'gross' and a 'new low' and 'unnecessary'
lindsey vonn was at the first day of the masters golf tournament in augusta, georgia, on thursday. tiger woods is playing in his fifth masters championship after back surgery last year. tiger's two children with ex-wifeelin nordegren were not in attendance. vonn has had two major knee surgeries in the last few years and has struggled with her own injuries.
huw thomas suggested on online forum in 2006 that england flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist'   labour candidate in ceredigion, west wales, said he made comments as 'a young student' and he apologised 'wholeheartedly' for the comments.
daily mail spoke to students at kirkwood community college's regional center in monticello, iowa, where hillary clinton will hold her first low-key campaign event on tuesday. of the ten students interviewed, only two would speak kindly of the former secretary of state. clinton set off on a 1,000-mile road trip on sunday and is visiting a group of community college students in rural jones county.'she's going to be, like, talking s**t' said one student.
eight members of the same family were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in princess anne, maryland, home monday afternoon. seven of the victims were children between ages six and 16. police have identified the adult victim as father of seven rodney todd, 36, and his seven children. todd's employer called police after he didn't show up for work monday morning. police found a gas generator in the kitchen of the home that had run out of fuel and was running out of electricity. delmarva power had cut off the electricity to the house because of an outstanding bill. todd and his children were last heard from on march 28.
max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross and is a 18.5in high husky corgi cross. he has been abandoned and is looking for a new home at the dogs trust in basildon, essex. he was found as a stray and has taken refuge at the charity.
state pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled and train fares cut by 10 per cent. green party leader natalie bennett unveils party's election manifesto for general election.   party pledges to nationalise the railways, introduce universal free elderly care and free nhs for the elderly.
jack rowe was found face down in his family's garden swimming pool 20 minutes after being reported missing. toddler was celebrating his third birthday at home in upavon, wiltshire, when he fell in. he was found by a family friend and airlifted to hospital but later died. jack was found trying to reach a toy in the water when he died on july last year. a coroner ruled the death as accidental and called for a change in the law to fence off swimming pools.
lisa and james tuttle moved to a home in geldeston, norfolk in 2005 with five children. their first dog had to be re-homed because she kept escaping from their garden. in 2014, two of the family's dogs marley and lily were shot dead by the farmer next door. the dogs were accused of slaughtering a farmer's birds after escaping onto his land. the farmer, john cook, said the dogs had killed 120 of his birds. the family tried to put up fences and block holes to stop the dogs but they kept escaping.
all nippon airways' boeing 787 dreamliner has been decorated to look like r2-d2, the star wars robot. the cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels. the words'star wars' adorn the body of the plane in the movie's distinctive font. news comes as fans got their first look at a new teaser trailer for star wars: the force awakens.
new puppet show sees prince george 'blinged-up' with a tattoo and addressing a female doctor with 'oi, oi! hello treacle'   duke and duchess of cambridge worry that their son has turned out a little 'common' 'daunting task' of mocking royal family.
chris roberts was on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference in san francisco. he was stopped at the gate of a united flight and told he couldn't fly due to comments he'd made on twitter. he suggested on twitter that the airline's onboard systems could be hacked. united's corporate security stopped him from boarding the flight and confiscated his laptop and other electronics.   he was questioned by fbi agents for four hours after being removed from a united plane on wednesday.
labour received £1.9million in the week to april 5, with 84 per cent coming from just three trade unions. labour received a £1million cheque from unite, entrenching reliance on union’s militant boss len mccluskey. conservative donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week of the campaign, with a quarter coming from donors with links to hedge funds.
unidentified college student was at texas-based country music festival chilifest last weekend. three police officers are believed to have caught her drinking underage. they challenged her to a game of rock paper scissors at the festival. she beat one of the officers, and the crowd erupted into cheers of joy and celebration. she is thought to have escaped without a ticket for underage drinking.
rodney stover, 48, was arraigned on thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street. he allegedly grabbed the victim, a long island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar. stover was arrested on rape charges in 1992 in southampton for raping and sodomizing a 42-year-old stranger. a bartender recognized stover from media reports when he was walking in gramercy park area on wednesday and called the police.
one in ten of us will develop a kidney stone, and the numbers are rising dramatically. emergency admissions to hospital for kidney stones have shot up 136 per cent in the past decade. the main cause of kidney stones is dehydration. david crossley developed two large kidney stones and needed surgery. doctors believe the cause was low fluid intake.
robert gentile, 78, was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent at boston's isabel stewart gardner museum on friday. but his lawyer claims the arrest was a ruse to pressure him to talk about the $500million art heist from 1990. 13 works of art were stolen from the boston museum, including rembrandt's'storm on the sea of galilee' and johannes vermeer's 'the concert'    two men posing as police officers stole the masterpieces from the museum and have never been caught.
emma walker, 15, became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body'   her weight plummeted to five-and-a-half stone and she was admitted to hospital twice. today, weighing a healthier eight stone, she is sharing her story to help other anorexic sufferers. her mother kim waddington, 46, has revealed shocking photos of her daughter's body.
unarmed policewoman cao yu, 22, confronted the man in a public square in guizhou province in southwestern china. she was stabbed in the shoulder and both hands in the five-minute struggle with the thug. the man was holding two knives and was trying to rob a passer-by. she is now recovering in hospital after the horrific incident.
william snyder, 34, has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering. the body of his wife, kelley jo snyder, 34 was found in a river near to their home on saturday. she was last seen alive on easter sunday. police say he has admitted to moving the body from their home and fabricated a ransom note. he was arrested at a motel in new york and charged the next day.
thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton, hampshire, before threatening cashier staff and ordering them to hand over money. man's face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages and he fled with a'significant' amount of cash. police say a 56-year-old man from new milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
nic newling was diagnosed with bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18. he struggled through the confusing highs and lows of an undiagnosed mental health disorder. his brother, christopher, killed himself amidst his own battle with mental illnesses. nic is now a mental health advocate to raise awareness of mental illness. he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards for nine months before being diagnosed.
byron schlenker, 47, and his daughter emily, 14, are world record holders for having the world's widest tongues. father and daughter have tongues measuring 8.6cm and 7.3cm wide respectively. byron's is the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iphone 6. he only discovered his tongue was the widest in the world while helping his daughter with a school project.
hampshire police spent £12,712.97 in overtime over six days on search for ashya king. five-year-old was taken from southampton general hospital by his parents last august. his parents were found in spain but released without charge. his grandmother patricia king, 77, criticised the amount spent on the manhunt.
madalina neagu, 42, arrived at a romanian hospital with severe pain in her abdomen. told doctors she believed she was in labour and told them she was pregnant. but tests revealed she was carrying a 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus. doctors carried out emergency surgery to remove the growth.
gaioz nigalidze, the current georgian champion, was expelled from the dubai open chess tournament. he was found using his smartphone in the middle of a match. his opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious about his frequent trips to the toilet. tournament organisers found he had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle covered in toilet paper.
gordon jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to dunblane cathedral. father-of-three collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of andy murray's wedding. murray was feet away from the photographer when he lost his balance and fell on a stone in the graveyard. he was placed in a medically induced coma and died this afternoon after complications following a heart attack.
kejonuma leisure land, in tohoku, japan, attracted 200,000 visitors per year in its heyday. the theme park closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors. urban explorer florian seidel, 38, visited the site in 2014 to document the park's ongoing dereliction. the park is reported to be jinxed by an ancient curse and is said to be one of the most underrated abandoned places in the country.
skopelos is known as the film location for mamma mia! and has a relaxed, offbeat vibe. the island is one of the most scenic in greece. it's a great place to rent a boat and explore the coastline by boat.
jim ratcliffe, founder of chemical company ineos, wants to build a 'carbon-zero' mansion overlooking the solent. the mansion has a jacking system which can lift the property up in the case of flooding. he wants to demolish the existing beach hut and replace it with the new mansion. the billionaire tycoon claims the mansion will be his only uk residence.
just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home, according to research by halifax. three-quarters of uk renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own home. the study found the three most common barriers to home ownership are high property prices and low incomes.
campaign group collective shout has slammed sydney restaurant lowenbrau keller for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women. the campaign features the slogan 'wunderbra' under a picture of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen. collective shout claims the advertisements reinforce sexual objectification. the lowenbrau kellers has a history of creating sexist and objectifying advertisements. the restaurant's marketing director said the advertisements were meant as 'fun play-on words'
ryan giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to one count of first-degree murder and 22 other charges. he is accused of shooting dead one man and injuring five others during a rampage in phoenix, arizona. giroux is a convicted burglar and white supremacist and has convictions in three states. police launched a massive manhunt, locking down a school and college in mesa, usa.
cook county judge dennis porter, cleared 46-year-old officer dante servin in the march 2012 shooting death of rekia boyd, 22. he told loved ones to leave the court before the not guilty verdict was read out. she was shot in the back of the head as she stood with friends in chicago in march 2012. servin told reporters he has always believed the shooting was an accident.
teresa sheldon, 38, has appeared in court charged with murdering son tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the car. tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the blazing ford fiesta. despite the best efforts of medics tommy, from southampton, died from his injuries on august 25.   sheldon has been charged with his murder along with manslaughter by diminished responsibility.
matheryn naovaratpong, from thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved. was diagnosed with rare form of brain cancer last april and died in january this year. her family hope she will one day be revived by advances in science.
kaylie milliken is the filmmaker behind billion dollar bully, an ongoing documentary about yelp's advertising practices. milliken says the company's advertising structure appears to punish businesses that choose not to advertise on the site. the film is still in production, but milliken claims to have interviewed several small businesses who say they are targeted by the company for refusing to advertise. last month, milliken released a trailer for the film, but the company strongly denied the claims in the film.
a sheriff's department in florida has released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on a beach not 10 feet from where an unconscious 19-year-old girl was being gang raped in panama city beach. officials are searching for two additional suspects in the march attack. last week, delonte martistee, 22, and ryan calhoun, 23, were arrested for sexual assault and officially suspended from alabama's troy university. the two men were charged with sexual battery in connection with the gang rape of the girl at spinnaker beach club last month. the victim believes she was drugged before the incident.
the '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up using bottles or shot glasses. it is popular among teens desperate to emulate kylie jenner's bee-stung pout. participants place their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or shot glass and suck in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up. many teens have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on twitter and instagram. the results are said to last for hours, even days, with people complaining of severe bruising.
patties foods says its testing has found no link between its nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and hepatitis a outbreak. 34 people in six states have contracted the hepatitis a virus. the health department continues to investigate how the outbreak occurred. four adults, three in victoria and one in nsw, have contracted hepatitis a. no hepatitis a or e.coli were detected in any sample of the recalled and non-recalled nanna’s frozen berries.
dr oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia's college of physicians and surgeons. the doctors accused dr oz of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work. ten top doctors sent a letter to columbian university urging the school to remove him from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan'
two ethnically kurdish turks were killed and eight people wounded in the attack. islamic state group claimed credit for the bombing near the us consulate in iraq's autonomous kurdistan region. but the us state department said the bombing did not kill or wound any consular employees.
riley filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at mcclelland college because her shoes do not meet the uniform guidelines. she turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at the melbourne high school. her mother anne parker said her daughter's black leather lace-ups did not meet uniform standards. the year eight student has not been allowed back into classes since monday. the school's principal said the school was looking for shoes with more of a heel.
two-thirds of new uk fathers are now over 30. men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives but the quality declines. men aged over 35 have a 50 per cent lower chance of conceiving. advanced paternal age increases the risk of epilepsy, autism and breast cancer.
the government's drug regulator has approved a remedy containing a traditional chinese herb. phynova joint and muscle relief contains sigesbeckia, a herb traditionally used to treat arthritis. many orthodox doctors recommend herbal medicines for colds and depression. turmeric, st john's wort and hypnotherapy for bowel trouble are also popular.
moya gerber was travelling through the kruger national park, south africa, with her sister rone odendaal, 24. she spotted two lions trying to bring down a cape buffalo in the battle. but the buffalo escaped and ran into the side of her car, causing £11,000 worth of damage. the family were taking pictures of the struggle when the buffalo crashed into the car.
the semen was stolen from daniel weness's farm in southern minnesota. a $500 canister with vials of bull semen was taken from an unlocked barn. the semen was worth between $300 to $1,500 each. the theft happened sometime between april 1 and 7. police have no suspects.
mark gentle shared a photo of his son carter's open-heart surgery scars on facebook after he found his son crying over his appearance. carter, who has a congenital heart defect, has had five open- heart surgeries. the seven-year-old boy thought his scars were 'ugly'   the photo has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted last week.
joseph koetters, a former english teacher at marlborough school in los angeles, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student. he taught at the prestigious $35,000-per-year private girls' school for 14 years. the lawsuit alleges that koetter had a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year old student. unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship. he was arrested in february and charged with two counts of sexual penetration by a foreign object.
sam holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from lake zurich, illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the espn tournament challenge on monday. sam selected duke to win the ncaa title game, beating out the favorite wisconsin badgers 68- 63. sam won a $30,000 grand prize of a $20,000 best buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to hawaii this november, but is too young to receive the actual prize. sam's bracket was 100percent correct from the elite eight onward and only had two teams wrong.
britain's biggest grocer operated a fleet of five private jets used by executives. new chief executive dave lewis put the fleet up for sale after accounting scandal. four of the five have been sold and the final one will be gone by the end of next month. tesco's old gulfstream 550 was capable of flying 14 executives at a time and was worth around £30 million.
the driver, sam smith, begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. mr smith was travelling from minneapolis to indiana on business. he hung up on his son on the phone so he would think they were disconnected as 'it seemed things were going to get real bad'
maria mcerlane and doon mackichan stay at the datai hotel in malaysia. the luxury resort is in the middle of a ten million-year-old rainforest. the hotel has all the colour and wonder of the emerald city.
mark carney was spotted jogging in london's hyde park wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt with four water bottles. the governor of the bank of england is training for the london marathon later this month. he was wearing headphones and top-of-the-range running shoes. mr carney is in charge of the world's sixth largest economy.
ayyan ali, 21, was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country. she has been in jail since march 14 and has been charged with money laundering offences. was caught with the money in her carry-on bag at benazir bhutto international airport. her lawyers say she was going to hand the money over to her brother before flying. ali has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream and is one of pakistan's most famous models.
gaston pinsard, 96, jailed for 18 months after admitting to historic sexual abuse of two young girls. father-of-four was sentenced to 18 months behind bars at guernsey's royal court. the paedophile is thought to be britain's oldest serving prison after admitting nine charges of indecent assault. he was jailed for nine years for abusing two girls aged five-years-old over nine years. pinsard claimed he was himself abused at a jersey children's home as a boy and carried out the attacks.
former us spy admits only 'evaluating' the files stolen from gchq and us national security agency. admits there had been a 'f***-up' with the way in which some of the documents were released.    snowden said blunders were a 'fundamental' price of liberty and that he had 'understood' the content of the files. he was interviewed by british tv host john oliver and asked to explain his actions.
crisis in a&e has led some to blame a lack of available gps appointments for more people visiting emergency departments. weekend opening hours for gps has been touted as one solution to relieve pressure on a&e departments. research found eight per cent drop in attendances if all surgeries had seven-day opening hours.
michael slager, 33, is charged with murder after shooting walter scott, 50, after stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston, south carolina, on saturday. slager is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in charl charleston county jail without the entire cell block being cleared. his wife jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother karen sharpe were allowed to visit him on friday. his mom is still in shock as her son is in isolation for fear prisoners will try to kill him.
sarah harding has signed up to star in four episodes of coronation street. denise van outen is the latest big name to sign for eastenders. the actress has turned down the offer twice before. danny dyer, bonnie langford and patsy kensit are other stars to sign up to soaps.
scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands, which are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors. device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen priced at £10,000 ($14,000)
the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington and the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne. announcement was made on the company's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations, mary ellen smith. she has a teenage son, shawn, with autism.
christopher annan, 24, and tyrone wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on tottenham turks gang member inan eren. he was shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock in december 2012. both men were convicted of attempted murder and jailed for a total of 44 years. jamie marsh-smith, known as 'freddy' was jailed for 38 years for the attack on eren and murder of crime boss zafer eren .
mark lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by nationalist kim ki-jong last month. the envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery. he is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers from the attack. last week south korean prosecutors formally charged kim with attempted murder.
yulia simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder damian vanya, 15, after he ended their relationship. she asked a friend to find someone to kill the russian music teacher for £1,400. undercover police officer, posing as a 'hitman', filmed her ordering the hit on the teen.    she told the officer she wanted the boy to 'bleed to death' before she 'finished' him and 'finished him'   after handing over expense money, police arrested the teacher in her car and charged her with attempted murder. she faces 15 years in prison after being charged with the crime.
princess eugenie, 25, was seen texting on her mobile after shopping at intermix in new york. wore black bowler hat, leather top and black and cream miniskirt for second day in a row. recently turned 25 and is currently working in manhattan.
tory london mayor warns against allowing snp to dominate the government of the uk. likens it to 'asking a fox to run the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery'   snp leader nicola sturgeon launches snp manifesto calling for end to austerity as the price for propping up a labour government. snp want higher taxes, to scrap trident and to end welfare reform.
lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after being evacuated from the randolph hotel. eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in tv’s inspector morse. seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds.
harington appeared on late night with seth myers to promote game of thrones' return to tv screens. he joked belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' and has spent five years filming in the city. harington said belfast has a 'wwonderful, depressing' tourism board. tourism northern ireland said the show is a 'key asset' for the region's tourism industry.
laura scurr, 15, from whitley bay, developed anorexia when she was just 13 years old. she was living off just one piece of fruit a day and would hide food down the side of her bed. after two years of starving herself she collapsed and was put on a heart machine. laura has now spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero.
four children were playing in a parked minivan at the arcadia palms apartment complex in las vegas. one of the children unintentionally set a fire inside the vehicle. two children managed to escape unharmed and called for help. the other two were found dead inside the minivan. police say it appears the fire was unintentional and accidental. residents at the complex say they heard a huge explosion.
secret service agents parked hillary clinton's campaign van in a handicapped parking spot in council bluffs, iowa while she was in a top-secret meeting with democratic party officials. clinton emerged from the meeting and greeted onlookers in the van. the presidential nominee was greeted by a handful of onlookers. the secret service rolled out a mechanically identical clone of the van as a decoy for clinton on wednesday.
ambra battilana, 22, told police harvey weinstein, 63, groped her during a 'business meeting' at his office in manhattan on march 27. she claimed he asked if her breasts were real and put his hand up her skirt. manhattan district attorney's office concluded a criminal charge against weinstein is 'not supported'   there are rumors the italian model made the allegation in a bid to land a part in one of weinstein's films.
sisonke msimang, 41, moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months. she originally called south africa home.   she said the 'deepest and most abiding forms of racism' are directed toward our own indigenous population. she said we have a systematic approach to 'assimilate' and 'eradicate' australian heritage. she slammed prime minster tony abbott for his 'out of touch' comments.
nathan dailo, from sydney, uploaded a video to his youtube channel showing how to get his son to sleep. runs a piece of white tissue paper over his son seth's face repeatedly until he falls asleep. the video has received almost 26,000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago.
asio contacted the family of one of the five men arrested as part of anti-terrorism raids in melbourne. police warned the men were falling victim to islamic state recruiters. two 18-year-old men were arrested for allegedly planning an 'isis inspired' attack on anzac day. sevdet ramadan besim was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts'   two other men were 'associates' of abdul numan haider, who was killed in a stabbing attack in september.
vladimir putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with defence ministry saying it was ready to supply s-300 missile equipment. moscow blocked deliveries of missiles to iran in 2010 after u.s. imposed sanctions on tehran over nuclear programme. move is likely to anger both u.s. and israel, who feared it could be used to protect nuclear sites.
big ben the lamb is twice the weight of the average new-born lamb at a leicestershire farm. it took shepherd john hendy and a team of three helpers to deliver the lamb after a three-hour labour. he is the biggest lamb ever born at the farm and will be kept as a breeding ram.
researchers from the uk and portugal looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs. since 1903, experts have been arguing the creature was originally misnamed as 'apatosaurus'   but fossils that were originally labelled brontosaurus appeared different from two apatosaurus species. most of the differences were in tiny anatomical features, but one was a wider neck. the scientists claim that three known species of the giant dinosaur exist.
malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine. bbc foreign correspondent was convinced he was a messiah and attempted suicide. he believes the vaccine could have dangerous side-effects. more than 540 million doses of the vaccine have been given since 1951.
judge george o'toole told jurors in the boston marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year's race or related events. dzhokhar tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world. famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264 others. the sentencing phase of the trial is expected to begin on april 21, the day after the 2015 marathon. tsarnaev will be sentenced to death or life in prison.
drug already works for women with cancer fuelled by brca gene mutations. olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations. 16 out of 49 men with advanced prostate cancer responded to the drug. up to 30 per cent of men with prostate cancer have tumours with dna defects. the drug can delay the moment when the disease gets out of control.
the fifth series of game of thrones is set to be released on hbo this month. travel referral service zicasso is offering a luxury tour of southern spain to celebrate the series. the seven-night tour includes a stop at the world's largest gothic cathedral in seville. the series has been filmed in a variety of locations around the world, including croatia and iceland.
prime minister david cameron and nick clegg superimposed over christopher steed and stephen webb from gogglebox.    mr cameron, mr clegg and mr miliband sat on the sofa, while   the five party leaders were put in the places of the mighty morphin power rangers in another image.
jordan speith is in prime position to win the masters after setting a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par. the 21-year-old is playing with british contender justin rose in the final round at augusta. he is four shots ahead of tiger woods, who began the day four shots off the pace. spieth is the first player to own the outright masters lead after each of the first three rounds.
bbc's chief technology officer matthew postgate says corporation needs to be 'internet first' to compete with netflix and amazon. bbc's online services are currently available without paying for licence fee. but new plan could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee as viewers could opt out.
the queen, 88, was spotted riding her black fell pony carltonlima emma through windsor great park. she has never worn a riding helmet and prefers to ride in a silk headscarf. the monarch has ridden all her life and was given her first pony at the age of four. has ridden less in recent years as a result of a niggling knee injury. she breeds fell ponies at hampton court and has a stud of highland ponies at balmoral.
snp leader nicola sturgeon refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years. opponents claim she had 'broken a promise the size of ben nevis' on a referendum. she insisted last year's historic vote was a once-in-a-generation chance to decide on union. 55 per cent of scots voted to remain in the union in september's historic referendum.
clinton claimed on wednesday that all of her grandparents 'came over' from other countries, but in fact only one was born outside the u.s.   clinton's maternal and paternal grandparents were born in illinois, and her paternal grandfather was born in pennsylvania. clinton claimed her grandmother was born shortly after her parents and siblings arrived in the us in the 1880s.
former top gear presenter was guest of honour at a charity auction in chipping norton, cotswolds. he joked he could now swear without being reprimanded. clarkson said he used to be banned from saying's***' at work for the bbc. hundreds of fans paid £15 a ticket to watch him oversee the auction at the town hall.
pierre fulton was in the passenger seat when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light. he said he does not know why walter scott ran but 'he didn't deserve to die'   slager was fired from the north charleston police and charged with murder on tuesday. audio has emerged of officer slager laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting.
hodor, a character in game of thrones, only speaks a single word: 'hodor' he may have a neurological condition called expressive aphasia. he is a textbook example of a person with the condition. but his real name is walder and he is not a character from the show.
mr snowden may have been told not to speak out on russian surveillance but continue attacking america. andrei soldatov accused former us spy of not being ‘transparent’ about his arrangements with the russian authorities. he claims snowden is being 'exploited' under a deal he made with russians to guarantee him asylum.
the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of kamchatka, in the russian far east. the rainbow caves are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice. they are lit up by flares and fire-breathing to create a kaleidoscope of colours. the caves were captured by local guide and photographer denis budkov.
the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show captain scott's doomed expedition team heading off on the ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912. some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the sledges on the 800 mile trek to the south pole. the negatives were sold at auction for £36,000 to an unnamed buyer. they were part of a huge 1,700 image archive gathered by official photographer herbert ponting.
baby-faced boy from memphis, tennessee, has amassed more than 3,000 followers on twitter. he poses with guns, cash, and bags of marijuana in pictures and videos. has prompted a wave of critics calling his stunts'sad' and 'disappointing' the boy hit back at his critics claiming the backlash is'stressing his mother.
ellie grant, 22, was appearing on itv's this morning to discuss how she suddenly developed tourette's syndrome. she was talking about how she found love with fiance jordan - who is deaf. he switches off his hearing aid whenever she becomes rowdy. but in the middle of the interview, she blurted out'silver fox' at presenter phillip schofield, 53. silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two, who looked bemused and speechless.
kylie jenner, 17, is the youngest member of the kardashian-jenner family. she is known for her edgy fashion sense and provocative style. recently hinted at having her nipples pierced in snapchat photo. wore a black mesh dress by mcq alexander mcqueen to coachella festival.
bezos, who is worth $34.7billion, blended in with tourists at the campo de' fiori market in the italian capital on tuesday. the internet mogul was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard. the 51-year-old was seen snapping away at the stalls using his amazon phone and camera.
tourists are being invited to sleep in the natural habitat of the rare siberian tiger for £3,500. bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the seven-day safari trip to russia. guests will stay in a hut in the forest and spend time with a frontline russian conservationist. it is estimated the wild population of tigers is under 400 and is one of the world's endangered animals.
raymond lee fryberg jr. was arraigned in seattle on thursday, nearly six months after his son jaylen fryberg killed four students at marysville pilchuck high school then himself. fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order when he bought the gun in january 2013. he is accused of lying about whether he had a restraining order against him when he lied on the federal firearms purchasing form. his son used the gun to kill four of his classmates then himself last october.
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election at an asda supermarket in his hereford constituency. west mercia police investigating reports of a breach of the representation of the people act 1983. ukip candidate kim rose, 57, was questioned by police after being accused of bribing voters with sausage rolls.
wellington college students spent the last year studying a different classic book for as-level exam. the blunder only came to light when mock papers arrived for mock papers. the prestigious school, in berkshire, has launched an investigation into the incident. a spokeswoman for the £33,000-a-year school apologised for the error.
the group, lpac, launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady's bid to become the nation's first female president. tennis great billie jean king is co-chairing the campaign. she helped run clinton's 2008 women for hillary clinton wing.
two prototypes of the cyg-11 seaplane were tested over the sea off the coast of haikou in china. aircraft is believed to be joint project between russia and china to build new type of seaplane. can carry two pilots and 10 passengers and could be used to patrol coastlines. aircraft uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide. hainan yingge wing in ground effect craft company is developing larger versions of the aircraft.
the south african comedian was spotted at citi field with jerry seinfeld, larry david and matthew broadrick. the quartet were watching the new york mets take on the philadelphia phillies. noah was announced as jon stewart's replacement on the daily show last month. he was accused of anti-semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to host.
sean heslop, 47, has been suspended as executive principal of two academy schools in kent. he was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust over allegations of abuse of trust. a former pupil at one of the schools is said to be pregnant with his child. mr he slop separated from his wife last year after nine years of marriage. sources close to him say he is 'the happiest he has ever been' and is 'going to be a father'
the justice department said tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of freddie gray, 25, a black man who died april 19 after being arrested by baltimore police. city officials released the names of six cops who were involved in gray's arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old. protestors again took to the streets on tuesday evening to protest the police force in grey's name. gray died sunday after he 'had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck' during an arrest on april 12.
asif malik, 31, his partner sara kiran, 29, and four children reported missing from slough, berkshire. family left without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to relatives, police say. malik told his family he wanted to 'go and live in a muslim country' and was a member of banned group al-muhajiroun. radical preacher anjem choudary said malik was a 'champion for sharia' and a'member' of the banned group. police say the family were last seen on cross-channel ferry and may be heading to syria.
cheryl heineman, 45, a third-grade teacher and married mother of three from florida, was arrested wednesday at central avenue elementary school in kissimmee. she is accused of selling narcotics to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old lover, jack lindsey. police say she was charged with multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics.   heinemans is married and has three sons and has worked for the osceola county school system since 2005.
lenny mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on a southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester, new hampshire. he compared the attack by a female passenger to 'being stung by bees'   the woman was removed from the flight and put on a later flight out of chicago.
hunger games star josh hutcherson, 22, looks remarkably like eastenders' martin fowler, 30. other stars with real life doppelgängers include johnny depp, johnny meyer and jacqueline bissett.   eastenders star ross kemp looks strikingly similar to tv hard man bruce willis, 60.
the former president told town & country magazine that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning. mrs clinton is widely expected to launch a bid for president within the next two weeks. the 68-year-old believes he should take a backstage role if and when hillary clinton decides to run for president. he says he has told his wife that he is not'mad at anybody' and that becoming a grandfather to his daughter chelsea's six-month-old daughter charlotte has tamed the angry side of him.
the booster appears to have landed but elon musk said that 'excess lateral velocity' caused it to tip over. it was the third attempt to land the booster on an ocean platform. the rocket was carrying a dragon capsule to deliver supplies to the space station. the falcon 9 rocket took off from florida under perfect conditions.
during a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point were read i am jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain'   some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans. allyn hutton, the superintendent of the local district, admitted that parents should have been first notified.
the five female activists were arrested the weekend before international women's day. they face charges of 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble' and face being jailed for up to five years if charged. they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport. ten of their parents and spouses have issued a plea to beijing prosecutors for their release.
colonel muammar gaddafi's bab al-aziziya palace in tripoli was a symbol of fear and terror to libyans. the compound was destroyed by nato in a 1986 air strike and later by rebels four years ago. the palace was once home to a zoo, indoor pool and a fairground - but is now a wasteland of rubble.
three studies have provided different theories for what happened after earth was struck by a mars-sized object called theia, 4.45 billion years ago. three studies provided conflicting theories on why the moon and earth are so similar in their composition. the university of maryland team examined the tungsten isotopic composition of two moon rocks. it claimed theia was similar to earth, and another that earth and the moon were showered by debris. what is agreed on, though, is that the impact of theia with earth happened and created the moon.
the chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be 'depriving more families' of child benefit. more than a million households lost out when the coalition cut the payments. the conservatives say they would cut £30billion of spending if they win a second term.
lizzie cochran, a student at columbia university, has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs. the clothing line will feature patterns from microscopic images of diseases and other biological structures. lizzie came up with the idea for the fashion line after studying biology under a microscope. the company has nearly reached its goal of $15,000. 15 per cent of the profits will go to funding projects aimed at reducing the impact of preventable diseases and expanding medical care access.
at least six men were arrested sunday after joint terrorism task force investigation into youths traveling to join isis in iraq and syria. arrests were made in minneapolis and california by the fbi. three men who were arrested in minnesota were already known to authorities, according to reports.
fbi director james coney wrote editorial opinion piece claiming poland shares responsibility for holocaust with germany. us ambassador stephen mull met with polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for comments. poland said it is demanding a formal apology from the u.s. over comments made by fbi director. comey blamed poland for helping the nazis kill jews during holocaust.
jcno jeans are set to make a comeback. the bucket hat and daisy dukes are two of the most popular nineties and noughties trends. jnco's wideleg 'rave' jeans are also making a comeback . camouflage print and ugg boots were also popular in the nineties.
bereaved families say report is being dragged out so figures like tony blair can rebut its findings. publication of sir john chilcot's inquiry had already been pushed back until after the election. it is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest, it has emerged. inquiry began in 2009 and has cost the taxpayer almost £10million.
threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to milan's malpensa airport was received on sunday evening. the tower in cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the airbus a320. threat was emailed to the airport 15 minutes before the plane's scheduled departure. 132 people were on board the flight - 126 passengers and six crew.
the clip resembles scenes from a hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and driving back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno. wildfires in siberia have been raging since march 19, with the death toll this week climbing to 30 and leaving 500 injured.
kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to florida after his motorbike broke down. he was armed with a knife and had almost $500. he walked 30 miles before he was picked up by a woman. he is accused of killing his former work-study supervisor ron lane, 44, at wayne community college in north carolina. his mother said he is 'rattled and confused and needs mental help' and that lane made sexually laced comments to her son. he indicated he killed lane because his former supervisor molested a relative.
the six men have been charged with conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide support to a foreign terrorist organization. they are accused of trying to travel to syria to join isis. the men were arrested sunday in minneapolis and san diego. they have been described as close friends who met secretly to plan their travel to the islamic state group.
lorna mccarthy was stabbed 13 times in the heart by her husband barry mccarthy in september last year. she feared for her life in the hours leading up to the attack at their home in norfolk. he had found out she was using dating websites and was angry at her. mcc mccarthy, 51, had spent 25 years with his ex-wife before they separated four months earlier. he was found guilty of murder at norwich crown court and will be sentenced on may 1.
some 30 children a week are diagnosed with cancer and 250 of them will die every year. ground-breaking tv documentary follows three children and their families through treatment. sophie ryan-palmer, fabian bates and chloe balloqui are the first children in the world to go through immunotherapy. two of the children do not survive the treatment.
doug hughes, 61, spoke from his home in ruskin, florida, as he arrived for house arrest. he flew through restricted airspace carrying 535 letters and landed on the west lawn of the us capitol. he faces up to four years in prison on charges of unlawfully operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national defense airspace. his wife said she was 'proud' that her husband acted out of patriotism for the us.
four tourists are filmed dragging a bronzer shark in to shore in new zealand. it is legal to fish for sharks in the country and has become a sport known as 'big game fishing' in which people catch and release the creatures. the men are filmed by emil fogh dragging the thrashing creature in to the shore.
alix bussey, 23, was on holiday with boyfriend jonathan boyle, also 23, in the resort of riviera maya. it was their first holiday abroad together and she had texted to say she was having 'best time ever'   she was a teacher at bowburn infants school and was devoted to the children she taught. her family said she was 'devastated' by her death.
designer coleen rooney and singer nadine coyle have joined forces with cancer research's race for life. hope to encourage women from across the uk to join the female-only event. the ladies have lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive ahead of summer runs.
u.s. rep. alan grayson and his wife lolita have agreed to annul their 24-year marriage as they continued talks on a settlement. the agreement was announced on tuesday by a judge in florida. lolita grayson was married to another man when they wed in 1990 and they have five children. the divorce process had included allegations of bigamy, financial abandonment and battery.
more than 25million live in constituencies where the result of the election can already be predicted. electoral reform society claims result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls. labour and the tories need more than half of 650 seats to secure a majority. 70 per cent of seats in the east of england are considered safe, compared to 10 per cent in scotland.
the prevention of terrorism act enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial. effectively reintroduces prospect of indefinite detention without trial in malaysia - something pm najib razak repealed in 2012. human rights watch described it as 'a giant step backwards for human rights' in capital kuala lumpur. authorities have expressed alarm in wake of isis' bloody jihad in syria.
three's feel at home covers 18 destinations in europe, australia, the united states, asia and the middle east. its customers can call and text uk numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost. but to call or text non-uk numbers you will be charged at roaming rates. when travelling, operators’ bundles/ add-ons usually offer better value than standard rates.
more than 31 million people were in work after an increase of more than half a million in the past year. prime minister david cameron warns recovery would be put at risk by labour-snp'stitch-up' after the election.   the uk's unemployment rate is now 5.6 per cent, a fall of 1.3 per cent since a year ago. the figure is up from 29million in spring 2010, before the last general election.
royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge's second child. babies born on the same day as the royal baby will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies. the silver coin will be minted with the one penny's royal shield design and the new effigy of the queen. the royal mint will also produce a £5 coin in celebration of the baby's birth. parents of newborns who share a birthday with the new prince or princess will have to register birth on facebook.
ahmed shaheed, a freelance rebel fighter from sydney, has bought a tiger cub whilst fighting in syria. the 28-year-old posted a picture of the tiger cub on social media. the fighter confirmed that he bought the cub from a small village near the syrian city of aleppo. the news comes just a month after he revealed he was looking to buy an exotic pet. he is believed to be a former bond university student.
new york teacher sam pearce, 24, was discovered on the f train in new york city and now works as a model for top designers. mr. pearce teaches eighth-grade english to eighth graders in brooklyn, new yorks. he was discovered by another model on the subway and signed a modelling contract with red nyc. the university graduate is earning $45,530 a year.
firm claims the latest update to its android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts. it works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus. google also launched a new tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching 'find my phone' on the search engine's homepage.
more than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party'midnight mafia' at sydney showground in homebush. police charged 20 people will drug-related offences at the all-night rave. a 22-year-old marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 mdma tablets. he was charged with supply prohibited drug and spent the night in jail. a further 16 people were charged with possession of mdma pills.
arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot, called the germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. the device is the size of a drinks cart and uses motion sensors to navigate the aisles. germs can survive for up to a week on aeroplanes and are a breeding ground for e.coli and mrsa.
crown prosecution service faced criticism after announcing lord janner would escape prosecution over child sex allegations because he has alzheimer’s disease. former labour mp, 86, claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances. he signed letter to lords authorities on april 9 saying he wanted to remain a peer. abuse campaigners questioned why he was able to remain in the house of lords if he was too frail.
pilots and flight attendants eat the same meals that are provided to passengers. it's not as simple as turning a key or pushing a button to start a plane. pilots and cabin crew sleep and go to the loo in separate rooms on long-haul flights. the captain and co-pilot eat different meals to reduce the risk of food poisoning.
the molalla log cabin was constructed as early as 1795 - ten years before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean. historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden believe the cabin could have been built by a small settlement of russians as farmers to feed fur traders in alaska. the cabin's construction is unlike pioneer building methods, suggesting it was created by foreigners. the log cabin has been used as a home, animal shelter, machine shed and granary.
former marine jesse kidder was chasing michael wilcox, 27, after a police chase in new richmond, ohio. suspect allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend and was accused of double murder. he ran at kidder and asked the officer to shoot him, but the rookie refused. kidder had only been on the police force a year and was praised for'restraint and maturity'
sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and can help a person sleep. avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats and lower bad cholesterol. blueberries have been linked to a range of health benefits including improved heart health and cancer prevention. and pumpkin seeds are thought to help sleep, improve mood and boost eyesight.
survey by british medical association found nearly two-thirds of gps were not willing to join into larger groups to open on saturdays and sundays. government has tried to encourage gps to offer patients appointments seven days a week. but majority of doctors do not think their own practice should open on weekends.
chipworks site reveals the internals of samsung's galaxy s6 smartphone. samsung used more of its own chips to power the new phone than predecessor s5. a blow to u.s. chip supplier qualcomm, which is using its own processor and modem chips.
secret drawings and letters belonged to captain robert lewis, co-pilot of enola gay bomber which dropped bomb on hiroshima. he wrote a letter following the mission saying:'my god, what have we done?' collection also includes flightplan, eyewitness account and log books. collection is being put up for auction by the son of captain, who was on the bombing mission.
sharon winters, 39, was looking for her soulmate when she met kevin hawke on an online dating site. less than two weeks later she was stabbed to death in a frenzied knife attack. her brother stephen robinson, 44, is speaking out to warn other women of the dangers of online dating. hawke has been jailed for 17 and a half years for murdering sharon in july last year. he stabbed her in the liver, spleen, lungs and heart after row over what to watch on the television. mrs winters suffered from depression and learning difficulties.
hernandez was moved to maximum security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley, massachusetts today. he is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch. his prison number is w106228 and he has started the rest of his life in jail. he was hooked on 'angel dust', a drug known to cause violent outbursts and paranoia. was using the drug for at least a year before the murder of odin lloyd in 2013.
two-storey brick hospital outpatient building in china is being rolled every day on 1,000 metal 'wheels'   it was under threat of demolition as it is in the path of a new road expansion project. it will take three days to move the building 17.5 metres to its new, safe spot. the building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,00 metal rollers to move.
nicholas dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant bocca east during brunch on saturday afternoon. he demanded a free meal after waiting an hour and a half for his omelette at 4pm. police said he grabbed a 34-year-old manager by the neck before slamming him against a bar and into an elderly woman. he was arrested and charged with assault following the incident.
furious 7 maintained first place at the domestic box office for the third weekend running, taking an estimated $29.1 million. the fast car sequel has already earned $294 million in the u.s. and $1 billion at the worldwide box office. the film is now one of the ten highest grossing movies of all-time worldwide.
jennifer pagonis was in fact born intersex, meaning she is genetically male and has the reproductive organs to match. the 29-year-old from chicago has androgen insensitivity syndrome, a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen. she was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina. she now uses the first name 'pidgeon' and works as an artist and intersex activist against surgery.
sophia adams, 21, has won curvy kate's annual'star in a bra' competition. beat 1,000 other hopefuls to land modelling contract with bridge models. trainee police officer from north west london has a 32jj bust. will star in spring/summer 2016 catalogue shot in the mediterranean.
transavia france is selling cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars. each package contains a voucher code that can be redeemed for a flight to barcelona, lisbon or dublin. products are being sold at participating carrefour city shops, in vending machines and at a cinema. the #snackholidays promotion ends on april 21.
ukip leader says it was a'reasonable proposition' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking. he admits to having a pint most lunchtimes and admits he is finding the election campaign 'knackering'   mr farage said his backers had to use their vote 'as wisely as they can' but he rejected the idea of issuing fines for people who miss gp appointments.
eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like e.coli. flour made from peanut kernel stimulates the growth of friendly bacteria, research by the university of maryland found. but peanut skin had the opposite effect and promoted growth of harmful bacteria.
peter o’toole can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members on set of fall of an empire: the story of katherine of alexandria. director michael redwood paid tribute to the late actor and his sense of humour. he said peter o'toole was not the type to let illness interrupt his career.
the woman, who calls herself zhu diandian online, has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet. the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st) and she shares a bed with it every day. her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship but her pet dog is extremely jealous of the pig.
gwyneth paltrow's goop is selling a swim tee with built-in spf for upf 50 sun protection. femail has rounded up eight quirky products to make packing easier this summer. from pocket wellies to foldable wellies and a hat with sun protection, there's a product for everyone.
music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet, salty and bitter - in a range of food and drink. listening to the right sort of music, including the beatles, can enhance flavours in certain foods. deep tones of luciano pavarotti's nessun dorma can enhance the bitterness in coffee and the intensity of a chocolate mousse. the right music can also enhance the taste of wine by up to 15 per cent, according to psychologists.
manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in 18th series of the itv police drama. executive producer brian true-may described show as the 'last bastion of englishness' in 2011. he said the show 'wouldn't work' with ethnic minority characters.   he was suspended as a result of his comments and later quit the show.
social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. the worst weather in five years continues to whip nsw. snapchat's sydney story is a compilation of videos from the area. the cronulla sharks and south sydny rabbitohs were drenched at monday night's nrl game. currently there are severe weather warnings in place for metropolitan, mid north coast, hunter and illawarra.
sabrina rubin erdely is expected to apologize sunday night for an article she wrote for rolling stone magazine about campus rape. the columbia journalism school is releasing a review of the botched story about a university of virginia student named jackie. jackie claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago. but a recent investigation by the charlottesville police found no evidence to support her story.
joseph o'riordan was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex when he grew suspicious of his wife. he hired a private investigator to follow his wife of ten years, amanda, 47, after finding out she was having an affair. he stabbed her eight times with a seven inch kitchen knife. she was stabbed in the chest, torso, arms, arms and back and back. he pleaded guilty to attempted murder at brighton magistrates' court but denied intent to kill.
the san francisco property was home to a 65-year-old hoarder and her mother's corpse for at least five years. described by police as the 'worst we have ever seen', the house was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine. realtors have priced the house at $2.5 million. police removed the body of anna ragin and her daughter carolyn from the house on april 4.
noor ellis admitted a role in the murder of her 60-year-old husband robert ellis. her husband's body was found wrapped in plastic with his throat cut in a rice field in bali last october. mrs ellis told a court she wanted to teach her husband a lesson because he refused to give her money or grant her a divorce. she faces the death penalty if found guilty of premeditated murder. seven other people, including her and the couple's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids, are also in custody.
colby ramos-francis, 17 months old, was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand. his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery. colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the us-based little baby face foundation.
us researchers discovered that a single gene called tcsad1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter. plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants. cocoa butter with altered melting points may find new uses in specialty chocolates, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals.
jenny-lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy. she refused a blood transfusion as she believed it would harm her unborn baby. her baby died in utero three days after she was offered a caesarean. her mother heather blamed local doctors for her daughter's unnecessary death. her brother blamed the religion for how his sister died.
egyptian goose evaded capture by animal control workers for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck. the bird was taken to a bird and wildlife clinic in southern california for surgery to remove the arrow. the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation but then died a short time later. the arrow missed all of the bird's vital organs and it was in otherwise good health. animal care workers believe the goose was the victim of animal cruelty.
24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices. nine in teenagers confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of facebook and instagram. study was carried out on american teenagers but findings likely to be worse in uk. middle class teenagers were more likely to use snapchat. more than 70% of teens use more than one social network.
david serbeck, 42, was found guilty of having sex with a 17-year-old girl in 2007 and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison. he was paralyzed in july 2009 after being shot and left paralyzed by the teenage victim's father, reginald campos, in a utah neighborhood watch shooting. serbeck's attorneys are asking an appeals court in utah to either throw out his conviction or reduce his sentence. his attorney says the jury gave serbeck a long sentence after being led to believe he was shot while out looking for more girls to exploit. campos was convicted of attempted murder and aggravated assault in 2010 after the girl told him that serbeck was
luke munro, 19, and dylon thompson, 21, raided corner shop in cleveleys near blackpool using a'realistic looking' handgun. pointed it at owner, his wife, and their toddler as they hid behind the counter. when they refused to hand over cash, the robbers threw sweets at them before fleeing empty handed. munro was jailed for five years at preston crown court for robbery and firearms offences.
home secretary theresa may said tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe. unemployed eu migrants in britain will be banned from receiving state support for four years. migrants with jobs will only receive in-work benefits once they have been in the uk for 4 years. a migrant workers on average wage will have to pay £22,600 in tax and national insurance before they can claim benefits.
all day long. by joanna biggs. (serpent’s tail) is an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work. the tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money, but also about moral worth. author interviews real people from all over the country for the book.
tahlequah police in tulsa county, oklahoma, intercepted a package containing two condoms and $30,000 worth of meth. the package was to be delivered to carolyn ross's home. ross was looking out for the package and was arrested. the bunny was sniffed out by a police dog and police found the drugs inside.
kenneth stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro, north carolina. he allegedly entered the campus library at 8am on monday and fired one shot. police identified the victim as rodney lane, a long-time employee at the college print shop. he was shot dead in the third floor of the library. swat teams were called to the community college just before 9am after reports of a shooting. the suspect is still at large and a massive manhunt is underway.
personal advisor tola ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to her computer in palmers green santander bank branch in north london. the device allowed fraudsters to remotely access the computer and transfer cash. the gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts. ore admitted one count of fraud as she was about to stand trial at the old bailey. she was eight-months pregnant and only took part because the gang threatened her two-year-old daughter.
don mclean's hand-written song american pie was sold at auction for more than $1 million. the lyrics of the song have been puzzled over for decades. it was written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don mclean. the song's lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in a rock 'n' roll puzzle.
chester, a six-year-old pit bull mix, was found as a stray and had been living in shelters in new york state since 2010. the dog had been housed at the north fork animal welfare league on long island. a picture of chester with a sign saying 'why doesn't anybody want me' was shared on social media. the picture was shared more than 6,000 times and inquiries poured in from all over the world. chester was adopted by a family with two sons from new yorks.
andrew anderson, 43, was accused of forcing social worker julie mcgoldrick, 53, to the floor, injuring her wrist. mr anderson was claimed to have forced her to the ground at manchester tesco over a 32in tv. self-employed gardener was cleared of any wrongdoing by manchester magistrates' court. judge said it was hard to blame anyone after chaotic scenes at midnight black friday sale.
the ink illustration appears to show the jedi knight yoda in a medieval manuscript. it comes from a 14th-century manuscript known as the smithfield decretals. the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the biblical story of samson. it shows a cloaked creature with long, spiky hands and protruding ears . it is not clear which character ‘yoda’ is meant to be in the tale and is simply a whimsical addition to the page.
two-inch-long asian hornets have killed at least six people in france and terrorised wildlife. now experts fear millions could be heading to britain and pose danger to honeybees. threats posed by hornets are to be discussed at a summit meeting by beekeepers. one hornet can kill 40 bees in a minute and destroy a hive of 30,000 in a few hours.
mike cannon-brookes has bought a five-bedroom property in sydney's east for $12 million. the it entrepreneur is australia's equal richest self-made billionaire under 40. he co-founded his company atlassian in a modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22. the property was only listed for two weeks before it was bought by a mystery buyer. cannon- brookes will share the property with his wife annie todd, the designer behind house of cannon.
the drone was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show. chimp pounced on the drone and knocked it out of the sky. incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo. programme makers had hoped to capture the enclosure from above.
atlanta hawks star thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd cops outside a nightclub in chelsea, new york. footage shows him being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers. video also shows teammate pero antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs. both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene after pacers star chris copeland and his wife were stabbed. 22-year-old shezoy bleary has been accused of attacking the 31- year-old and two women with a switchblade.
former head of scotland yard's flying squad, john o'connor, said the holborn fire and the heist could be linked. he said the power outage and the proximity of the burglary was not a coincidence. the fire started underground just 500 metres from the hatton garden safe deposit ltd.
the federal aviation administration had earlier given the green light to an amazon prototype drone in march. but the company told u.s. lawmakers that the prototype had already become obsolete while it waited more than six months for permission to test it outdoors. the drone is used to deliver packages to customers.
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital astana, and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace. the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube. it shows a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan. confused locals watched the cloud hover ominously over the village for a quarter of an hour.
more than 20,000 children passed ten or more with either an a or an a* grade between 2009 and 2013. one in 30 pupils who sat exams ended up with at least ten a grades. but critics say not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy. grades are used by universities to decide who to admit to courses.
dustin wayne south died in louisville, kentucky, on wednesday after police were called to a field where he was seen waving a gun in the air. police officers rondall carpenter and zachary cooke were involved in a shootout with south. officers yelled at south to put down the gun, but instead he pointed it at them and shot himself in the head. two bullets fired by police struck south, but neither was lethal. south died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
video shows the moment a sandstorm blocked out the sun in the city of soligorsk, belarus, on monday afternoon. the storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the ukrainian-belorusian border. 100,000 residents of the city were forced to stay indoors as the city was plunged into darkness.
the pacific coast highway from san francisco to los angeles is a classic american road trip. jane horrocks and her family spent three weeks driving along route 1 from the golden gate bridge to la. the route is 350 miles long and takes in some of california's most spectacular scenery.
sara martin, 37, from lititz, pennsylvania, was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable brain cancer in 2010. mother-of-three's health declined this winter after she underwent second round of radiation treatment. she hadn't spoken for weeks and her family was trying to get her to say something. one day, she uttered the word 'florida' and has not spoken again since. her family is being driven to sarasota, south-west florida, today for what will likely be her final holiday. she has three children - carlie, 12, gretchen, 11, and connor, 9.
girl named locally as leah price from the nottingham area was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries. the 15-year-old fell from the cliffs at blue dolphin camping site near filey, north yorkshire. her father was said to have witnessed the incident and alerted the emergency services. she was taken to hull royal infirmary with head injuries and is in a critical but stable condition.
fred hatch, 76, was battered to death with a claw hammer by neighbour alan rogers, 73, at sheltered housing complex. his wife enid hatch, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man. she found blood splattered walls where husband had been beaten to death . rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the mental health act and told he may never be released. mrs hatch's husband had bought her 50 yellow roses to celebrate their golden wedding anniversary. he was brutally killed two months later and her life was 'destroyed' by the attack. her sister betty elston was murdered on a beach in 1971 by a stranger with a mental
james koryor, 41, was taken into custody on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse. police say his two-year-old son was left in the car for up to 2.5 hours on monday in phoenix, phoenix. he drank a bottle of gin and drove around with his two sons before going home to sleep. the boy's mother found him in the back seat of the car some time later. police believe he was locked in the vehicle in temperatures of up to 93 degrees.
felix the cat was discovered at jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks. his crate was damaged after a 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york. cat's owners, jennifer stewart, 31, and husband, joseph naaman, 34, were devastated. the cat escaped from his crate, which was damaged in transit after the flight. the two-year-old grey tabby cat was found at the airport.
madonna, 56, french kissed drake onstage at coachella on sunday night. spent at least three seconds making out with the 28-year-old singer. drake looked horrified, even wiping his mouth. sources say drake liked the kiss, but it was merely her lipstick that turned him off.
researchers at jyväskylä university in finland say eye-spots on the wings of owl butterflies mimic the eyes of owls to scare off predators. scientists have long suspected the pattern was an example of mimicry but it has never been clearly tested. great tits were shown images of owl butterfly with and without eyes to see if they were scared by the patterns.
the former olympian and reality tv star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with diane sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on friday april 24. the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman. jenner will also discuss his involvement in a deadly car crash in california in february.
claudia martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat having kept pregnancy secret from family and friends. she was found in the bath with 'a lot of blood' and was taken to hospital. paramedics discovered baby's body hidden in a suitcase after three days. martins was acquitted of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility. she had stuffed toilet paper down the throat of her newborn baby daughter.
michael rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer, was rushed to hospital for the birth of his eighth child. a deer was hit by another car and flew through the windshield of the family car. his wife, niki, and seven children, aged two to 15, suffered minor injuries. niki gave birth to a son, blaise, two days after the accident. rogan was a devout church goer and ran an organic seed business.
it's described as the google-esque hq of australia. with a cubby-house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk and a basketball court and pinball machine. inside the office of global company moose toys, the cheltenham office comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table and a gym. employees are encouraged to have fun at lunch and break and mingle with other colleagues.
video, titled love is on, was created by agency george patts y&r for the cosmetics company. shot in black and white, the only colour is the pop of pink on the woman's lips. is part of revlon uk's global relaunch as part of a major rebrand.
researchers isolated bacterial dna of several strains of tuberculosis from bodies of mummies found in the crypt of a church in vác, hungary. found 14 different strains of the disease and traced them back to a single source. mummies were discovered in the 18th century crypt of the dominican church in the city. all of the strains were found to have been infected with a single strain of tuberculosis.
conrad clitheroe, gary cooper and neil munro were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport. they were arrested and taken to a police station in dubai and abu dhabi. three men spent two months in jail after being charged with espionage. but charges of espionage have now been dropped and the men will be free to return home.
chris brugger is a 35-year-old father-of-two from south wales. he has relapsed with hodgkin's lymphoma. chris has to pay $16,000 every three weeks for non-taxpayer subsidised treatment. his'my name is chris' campaign and website was created to help raise money for his treatment. the treatment is brentuximab vedotin, a drug that is not available on the pbs. the brugger family has been humbled by the generosity of people who have donated to the campaign.
a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at m resort spa and casino in henderson, nevada. police say one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt-and-pepper hair.
the chief political correspondent of slate magazine was announced as the new host of face the nation on sunday. he worked for time magazine for 12 years, four of them as white house correspondent. schieffer, 78, announced he would be retiring last week after 14 years as host of the show. he has worked for cbs since 1969 and is expected to make his first appearance this summer.
beverley davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old former royal marine ray warren at his home. the mother-of-three tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164 over 42 transactions. she spent cash on chinese takeaways, amazon, ebay and creche fees. mr warren was too traumatised to leave his home and even stopped going out. davis, 35, was jailed for a year after pleading guilty to five charges of fraud at portsmouth crown court.
new zealand couple justin and jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home. the home is for justin, jola and their baby son piko. it features a huge kitchen, a full-size oven, a shower and a roof-top bathtub. the couple travel due to jola's job as an acrobat in performing duo the twisty twinz.
snp leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens and plaid cymru. snp leader said she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis.    snp would seek snp support for every single bill in a labour minority government.
nationalist leader called on labour leader to help her 'lock' david cameron out of downing street. she said offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the house of commons.   ed miliband has ruled out going into coalition with snp but has not rejected the prospect of working with them.
abby swinfield, 18, was rushed to hospital in the early hours of march 30 after a house party in tamworth. mother-of-one was put into a coma, but died a week later after suffering multiple organ failure. police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs, but her cousin says her drink was spiked. miss swinfields has a son, three, who is believed to have asked for his mother.
david starkey says ethnic minority groups and disabled people should not 'assume the status of victim' 70-year-old says women are only of average intelligence and men are either'very bright or very thick'    he also hit out at baroness doreen lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims' after martin luther king's death. he said no politician was equipped to be prime minister and'real talent has left politics'
aaron taylor-johnson was just 19 when he met wife sam, then 42, on the set of nowhere boy in 2009. he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature. friends of the couple call him benjamin button after brad pitt's character in curious case of ben benjamin button. the couple married six years ago and have two children together.
sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield - those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000. another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems. settlements are thought to be largest paid out by ministry of defence as a result of bullying. last year, the mod gave a total of £81.9million in compensation to members of the armed forces.
brock guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 toyota corolla. authorities said the northern california boy fell asleep in the backseat of the car and was kidnapped when the vehicle was stolen. brock was found safe and well about two miles away from his home in the abandoned car. police said a hapless car thief likely stole the car after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home.
debenhams, monsoon and monsoon vs white by vera wang. femail pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more expensive gowns. can you tell which is better? average cost of the big day is £25,000 and brides are on the hunt for a budget dress.
former playboy model georgina gosden, 25, is facing common assault charges for allegedly punching two women in the face at a pub. she allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at townsville's mad cow tavern in december last year. the victim withdrew her complaint, but police are pursuing the charges. the model is said to have carried out a similar attack on a 25-year old woman in the same pub last april. she was charged with assault occasioning bodily harm after she assaulted an old school friend at the pub in april last year . police are proceeding with the most recent common assault charge, despite the victim withdrawing her complaint. ms gos
the seven-car maglev hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph. it beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph) and beat the train's previous record of 361mph. maglev - short for'magnetic levitation' - is propelled by electrically charged magnets. trains are expected to be in service by 2027 and cut journey times by half.
wendy stokes, 74, had given up hope of seeing toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago. he wandered through a gate in her garden and was taken to a rescue centre. six months ago he was re-homed with a couple 22 miles away. he was returned home to wendy, who wrote her surname on his shell in white paint.
the company is in talks with florence and the machine to give apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album. apple bought music streaming company beats for $3 billion in may 2014. jay z-backed beats competitor tidal is also trying to convince artists to sign exclusive deals.
pensions minister steve webb said over-55s 'don't have to rush' pension reforms allowing people to cash in pension pots came into force today. but he has now urged people to take their time rather than make rash decisions. mr webb famously said people should be free to buy a lamborghini with their pension.
adam leheup, 34, was cleared of rape and sexual assault by a jury at blackfriars crown court. the architect had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old woman. he told the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts. the woman claimed he ignored her cries of 'no' and said 'girl's say no, but they don't mean it'    he spent nearly a year on police bail before being charged and was found not guilty of the charges after a week long trial.
jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if the conservatives are re-elected. labour's health spokesman andy burnham said his party would investigate the mail's findings if elected. the mail revealed nhs managers were potentially dodging income tax by channelling salaries through personal companies.
the legendary chef has been dating a string of blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years cheryl roux last year. he is'smitten' with former cloakroom attendant nataliya lutsyshyna, 41. he has also had dinners with debbie spivey izo, an american divorcee in her 60s. british landscape artist lynne moore has also been invited to 'half a dozen dinners' with the chef.
patients at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure. ebus allows doctors to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer. patients survive for 503 days after diagnosis, compared with 312 days for people assessed using more traditional methods.
amanda lamb stars in new air wick fragrance campaign. tv presenter offers advice on how to spruce up a home this spring. says that simple touches can make a difference to a home. one in three brits use home fragrance to transform their abode.
luca railton was born with bones missing from his legs, due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia. at 10-years-old doctors said he would have to have his leg amputated or fused straight. his parents raised £135,000 to take him to the us for surgery to save his leg. he underwent a series of operations and has now taken his first steps unaided.
patrick bamford opened the scoring for middlesbrough in the 11th minute. jelle vossen scored his eighth goal of the season in the first half to put boro 2-0 up. wolverhampton scored a second goal in the 63rd minute to make it 2-1. boro boss aitor karanka's side remain in the top two of the premier league.
administration officials are holding classified briefings with members of congress aimed at 'helping' them understand 'commitments iran has made'   senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on a bill that would give congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping iran from developing a nuclear weapon. senate foreign affairs chairman bob corker is whipping support for the bill. the white house'strongly' opposes it and has threatened a veto.
steven nelms writes in the essay's introduction that he can't afford his wife to be a stay-at home. his wife, glorianna, stays at home with the couple's two-year-old son ezra because of high child care costs. he estimates that the childcare his wife provides is worth $36,660 a year, the annual-salary for a full-time nanny.   he breaks down the monetary value of everything his wife does to care for the family and says his income 'doesn't even come close to covering what she does for our family'
anand iyer, 36, worked for fashion site threadflip in san francisco. he has a two-year-old daughter and a six-figure salary job. he quit his job to spend more time with his daughter. his wife shreya, 34, supports the family with her job.
snp leader nicola sturgeon looked glamorous on her way to bbc’s andrew marr show in a fuchsia column dress. 44-year-old is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist in the run-up to 2007 election.
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster's methodist central hall as he rounded on audience for being too left wing. mr farage insisted he did not 'lose my rag' and said he was 'calm' about his protest.    he was angered by the hostile reaction to his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration. independent pollsters icm was hired by the bbc to select the audience of 250 people. firm today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'   firm says it was selected from a 20-mile radius of the venue in westminster.
sir ranulph fiennes, 71, completed the marathon des sables with just 13 minutes to spare. explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003. he has raised almost £1million for marie curie and has raised £6.3m for charity. he ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50c in the moroccan desert.
ryan heritage from wiltshire posted a message on trowbridge police's facebook page saying: 'oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck' 18-year-old was charged with theft and burglary and failing to answer bail on fraud charges. he was arrested hours after posting the obnoxious message.
air canada flight from germany to toronto forced to divert to shannon airport in ireland after disturbance on board. pensioner was taken into custody by irish police and released without charge. the woman was travelling in first class on board the boeing 777-300 jet.
wendell steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in akron, ohio during their 300-mile journey. dozens of concerned drivers called 911 and police pulled over the car. the mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage but had no injuries. steiner said they were transporting the dogs to his wife's family in pennsylvania because his father could no longer keep them. mitt romney famously came under fire when it was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his dog on his car.
britain's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels. next has overtaken rival marks & spencer on profits. the company reports a rise in annual profits of 12 per cent. it identifies catwalk trends that will appeal to its target market.
the great dying, which struck the earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96 per cent of the world's creatures. volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event. but research by the university of edinburgh found the majority of species were killed when the oceans became more acidic. they claim volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which was absorbed into the oceans and changed their chemistry. as carbon dioxide was released into the atmosphere, global temperatures soared and this caused oceans to get hotter. this caused a lack of oxygen in the oceans, killing off marine life and destroying food chains. the study is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame for the
liz norden's adult sons, jp and paul, each lost their right leg when tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev detonated bombs at the boston marathon in april 2013. she has said it is 'way too soon' for mark wahlberg to be making a film about the bombing. nordsen's sons now use prosthetic legs and are living a relatively normal life after the attack.
mrs. clinton's security detail arrived at a fruit processing company in norwalk, iowa in a gmc van and a secret service escort vehicle. the two vehicles are mechanically identical, but have different plates and new york license plates. one is a scooby van and the other is a chevrolet, but both are identical in design.
wrecks of the james mcbride and rising sun were revealed following ice-melt in lake michigan. images were captured by the us coast guard from a helicopter during a routine patrol over the great lake. lake mchigan is home to dozens of wrecks due to the unpredictable weather of the lake. the rising sun was owned by a religious group called the house of david when it crashed in 1917.
julie mckenzie, 53, thought her back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine. her gp told her it was the result of scoliosis and she should do pilates. she was diagnosed with a tumour in her coccyx and had to have it removed.
elizabeth scarborough, 21, is a university of south carolina student who impersonates taylor swift. she started to learn to play taylor's music when she was 15 after classmates at her all-girls school told her she looked like the singer. elizabeth now performs with legends in concert and has learned to sing and play the singer's music.
paula dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury, kent. when she tried it on she noticed a dark stain'seeping through' from the lining. inside was the body of a crushed gecko. supermarket apologised and offered her a refund and £40 voucher and refund.
reverend andrew dotchin, 58, a well-known local character popular with his parishioners, was celebrating the end of lent. he was refused entry at the wine bar in ipswich. was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot. but defiant andrew vowed to carry on wearing his trademark sandals.
widower clem schultz's beloved wife geraldine died in the blast. schultz thought his dog missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after missy was spotted by a coned worker, police called schultz and reported the sighting. missy ran 2.5 miles from her owner and his grandson before they were able to catch up with her.
a total of 150 business leaders have signed the letter warning against a ‘change in course’ among the new signatories is simon woodroffe, the founder of yo! sushi and a former labour backer. others also include executives from two ftse-100 firms and 10 from ftse250 index.
cctv footage has captured a woman allegedly stealing a donation box at an rsl club in melbourne. the woman covered the box of anzac badges and money while covering it with her black vest. she was filmed at the caulfield rsl in elsternwick, south-east of melbourne on wednesday. the rsl general manager has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down the woman.
charles barnhoorn was found dead in his bedroom at the family home after a weekend of taking nitrous oxide. he took hundreds of cans of the legal high party drug at a party in kingsteignton, devon. his mother susan has now spoken out about the dangers of taking 'hippy crack'   a computer was found switched on in his room with a website 'appearing to make references to ways to commit suicide'  his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation.
anti-racism protester jacob king, from melbourne, had a face off with a neo-nazi at the reclaim australia rallies on the easter weekend. mr king was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear. he said he spread out his arms to protect his fellow protesters because he thought the man was going to attack them. the protester said he learned islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to 'unlearn' these views.
heather mack, 19, is accused of helping her 21-year-old boyfriend tommy schaefer murder her mother sheila von wiese-mack at a bali hotel last august. mack's attorney has filed court documents asking for half a million dollars from her trust fund to be transferred to care for her newborn daughter stella. the four-month-old was born in kerobakan prison and has urgent needs, including clothing and baby wipes. she was born with jaundice and had to return to hospital shortly after her birth.   mack claimed her daughter has six fingers on her left hand in a bizarre statement from her cell.
cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student, ranajit roy in his hometown of bengaluru. the palm squirrel was taking a nap on a coconut leaf in the early morning sun in india. he yawned and stuck out his tongue after waking up from his nap. photographer and student spent five minutes taking pictures of the creature.
sgt. george hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home on thursday morning. police say the 911 call that came through at 7am was listed as a domestic dispute. police chief gregg mullen entered the home and found the officer dead.
carwyn scott-howell was holidaying in the french resort of flaine with his mother, brother and sister. he got lost on the slopes and left the piste while trying to find his parents. police found tracks in the snow which led to the body of the boy at the top of the cliff. it is believed he fell down the 320ft-high cliff in a 'dangerous' area of the resort.
domonik green, 14, has been accused of accessing the staff member's laptop at paul r. smith middle school in holiday, florida. he allegedly used administrator's password to alter desktop background to two men kissing. he was arrested on wednesday and detained at land o'lakes detention center. but the youngster maintains it was an innocent prank.
nicole mcdonough, 32, was arrested in december on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student at mendham high school in mount olive, new jersey. the married mother of two was also charged with having 'improper relations' with two other male students. she has applied for a pre-trial intervention program in hopes of having the charges against her dropped. if she successfully completes the program, all charges against the teacher would be dropped and her record expunged.
the day before he hanged himself, robin williams stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping. actor spent final 24 hours looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness. british channel 5 show autopsy claims actor was aware 'there was something else wrong with him'   pathologist dr richard shepherd says actor may have been aware of undiagnosed lewy body dementia, which could have triggered his paranoia.   he says actor cleaned his bathroom of blood after cutting his wrists and checked into rehab before his death.
john truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old ronnie tran on tuesday night. his sister alyssa chang asked him to watch the boy, saying the toddler was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night. the next day, truong realized he was babysitting an abducted child when he read an amber alert for the boy . truong's sister has since been arrested in connection to the bizarre kidnapping. she and the boy's grandmother vien nguyen, 65, are accused of helping kidnap the toddler and his mother with the child's grandmother.
kanye west covers paper magazine's april issue - less than a year after his wife kim kardashian posed nude for the magazine. the 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for the american dream issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream'   he said he is sick of the notion that celebrities are controlling society as members of the secret group the illuminati.
deborah steel, 37, who ran the royal standard pub in ely, cambridgeshire, was last seen alive on 28 december 1997. police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry. the landlady's body has never been found.
mass murderer peter sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in broadmoor for the killings of 13 women. he is to be moved to a low-security priory unit after expressing remorse. but families of his victims are furious at plans to move him from high security prison hospital. it is claimed he enjoys a 'cushy lifestyle' eating chocolate, watching television and listening to music.
it is a decade to the day that myuran sukumaran and andrew chan were arrested for the bali nine drug smuggling operation. friday is also the 34th birthday of the two men on death row on execution island in java. the pair were sentenced to death for the crime and were refused clemency earlier this year.    their cousin is currently holding an exhibition of his paintings at the amnesty international headquarters in london.
honza and claudine lafond, from sydney, have posted pictures of themselves doing yoga poses in front of famous landmarks. the married couple have more than 251,000 followers on instagram. they specialise in acrovinyasa yoga and run a worldwide studio. honza, originally from the czech republic, runs the yoga studio with his wife. the couple married in 2008 and have posted the images of their yoga adventures all over the world.
kim roberts admitted stealing antiques and paintings from the countess of bathurst's cirencester mansion and london home. 58-year-old housekeeper told to prepare for a stretch in prison after admitting three counts of theft. she stole artworks, vases and silverware worth £500,000 from her employer. court heard the haul included a sketch by picasso and pewter plates.    she also admitted stealing a 4x4 volvo xc90 and a dvd player from her previous employer.
melbourne model and actress, kylie gulliver, 29, has launched her own leather brand elliott label.    robin antin, founder of the pussycat dolls and grl has joined with gulliver as partner to the brand. drew barrymore, cameron diaz and mimie elashiry are all fans of the brand . the brand has a black book of a-listers and celebrity contacts.
bobby cole norris was left heartbroken last august when doctors revealed his mother kym norris had just one hope for survival. she was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia. bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors. it comes after the reality star inspired more than 3,000 people tosign the bone marrow donation register in one week. he has thanked an anonymous donor who came forward to help his mother.
john allan claims david cameron's decision to promise in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back is wrong. he suggested large firms could move head offices from london to other sites in europe. tory leader has promised to renegotiate britain's membership of the eu by 2017.
danny alexander was pictured with brooke magnanti at bar one in inverness on friday. the treasury chief secretary was drinking at the nip festival with the call girl. ms magnati is better known as belle de jour - also known as brooke.
man in his 20s was struck by a northern line train at stockwell station in south london this morning. he was reportedly bending down to pick up his bag when he was hit by the train. medics were called to the scene and the man was taken to hospital with head injuries.
josh and vanessa ellis and baby hudson were driving under a bridge in bonney lake, washington state, on monday morning when a concrete slab fell from a construction site and crushed them to death. the couple had been married for five years and were youth pastors at a local church. the family was driving under the state's route 410 overpass when the concrete barrier fell on top of their truck. it took authorities hours to extract the bodies of the family from the crushed vehicle.
the duke of york was visiting the offices of akzonobel, a paint firm based in slough. duke has always denied the claims made by virginia roberts, now 31. was at the factory as part of his work with the outward bound trust. was shown products from the firm's dulux paint range and chatted to employees.
carol lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown through her car window in latest wave of anti-immigrant protests in south africa. six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests which started two weeks ago in durban and spread to johannesburg. south african police responded to the violence by firing tear gas grenades and rubber bullets to disperse the crowds.
rhiannon langley, from melbourne, is having a nose job in thailand. the 24-year-old hairdresser has 189,000 followers on instagram. she is sharing her experience with her followers on social media. miss langley is currently in bangkok recovering from surgery. she has a $5,190 'bangkok nose job' medical tourism package. she says she decided to go public with her experience before her upcoming wedding. the    langley says she was financially motivated, as she cannot afford the surgery in australia.
the clinton foundation will continue to accept donations from foreign governments while limiting donor nations to a select group of six. future donations will only be allowed from the governments of australia, canada, germany, the netherlands, norway and the united kingdom. former board member hillary clinton resigned from the foundation's board last week. while she was secretary of state, clinton had agreed to limit new foreign donations to the foundation while she ran for the white house. the charity's reliance on funding from several middle east governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism.
poppy moore, 23, wed her childhood sweetheart sam myers at chelsea register office with only 12 loved ones. the bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses. poppy's father dean died in 2011 aged 43. she was only 18 months old when her famous grandfather died in 1993.
fan scaled the grandstand fence before running across the start-finish straight during practice. he then climbed the pit wall and climbed on to the wall before heading to the ferrari garage. the man shouted 'i want a car' before being handed over to the authorities. the incident took place during the second practice session for the chinese grand prix.
evan summerfield from devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself when he fell ill. the four-month-old baby was rushed to hospital with a rash on his head and belly-button. doctors battled to save him but he later died from meningitis at derriford hospital in plymouth. his parents shannon summerfield, 17, and kris adams, 19, are devastated by his death.
british backpacker bethany farrell, 23, died on february 17 while scuba diving in queensland's whitsundays. she was just one week into her gap year when she tragically drowned. friends of ms farrell claim staff at wings diving adventures deleted photos of the backpacker shortly before she died. the photos were taken shortly before her death on the great barrier reef. two people who were on the boat at the time have taken to tripadvisor to slam the company for the way they handled the incident.
alexsandro palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'what kind of man are you?'   women write messages on pairs of pants and share them via social media. the #briefmessage campaign to fight violence against women is an opportunity for women to share their thoughts. palombo says the response has been 'immediate and powerful'
loganair flight from aberdeen to shetland was struck by lightning. autopilot ignored pilot's commands to climb and tried to crash the plane into the sea. 42-year-old pilot wrestled back control of the plane moments before it plunged into the north sea.
julia ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, accepted responsibility for three homicide by vehicle felony counts. she was driving shamus digney, cullen keffer and ryan lesher, all 15, when their suv rolled over in august. her father, michael ware, is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter for allowing her to drive.    after the hearing, a grieving father branded ware, of pleasantville, new york, a murderer. ware will be back in court within a month for juvenile equivalent of sentencing.
lianna barrientos, 39, married ten men in eleven years. her first marriage took place in 1999, with most recent being in 2010. she was arrested after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she married - was actually her first. she has been arrested multiple times, including for loitering, drug possession, and trespassing. all of her marriages took place in new york state. she married six men in 2002 - and six of them in one year alone.
british amateur photographer julian john has been snapping photos of the sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi, united arab emirates, for four years. the mosque is the biggest in the middle east and took almost 10 years to build - and more than 30,000 workers - and was completed in 2007. john is planning an exhibition of his incredible photos.
austin bird is a democratic party insider who chauffeured vice president joe biden around davenport, iowa in october. clinton's iowa campaign's political director troy price drove him and two other young people to a coffee shop on tuesday morning to meet with the former first lady. bird is one of the men pictured sitting at the table with clinton at a leclaire coffee shop. bird interned with president obama's 2012 presidential campaign and was tapped to chauffeur him around the state.
the average nfl player makes $3.2million over the course of a career. nearly 16percent of players are bankrupt within 12 years of retiring from the league. despite earning millions of dollars - sometimes tens of millions - former players go broke at the same rate as the rest of americans. the rate of bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long players were in the nfl.
conservative party supporters are most likely to opt for a window seat on the plane. scottish national party are the biggest sun lovers of all the political parties. green party supporters love a long-haul trip and labour are the most inclined to dance on holiday. ukip supporters are the least likely to book a romantic holiday with their partner.    liberal democrats prefer to eat airline food rather than bring their own meal.
former gmtv presenter won her wirral west seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436. employment minister also had election song written about her claiming she was going to hell. she has demanded ed miliband condemns the'misogynistic and sexist' attacks.
jessica wright, 29, is the first celebrity to star in an ann summers campaign. she is the face of hotel summers' swimwear and beachwear collection. jess says she is a huge fan of the brand and is thrilled to be on board. the campaign sees jess showcase her incredible figure.
adele sarno, 85, has been living in her two-bedroom apartment for more than 50 years in manhattan's little italy neighborhood. her landlord is the italian american museum which is dedicated to the legacy of italian-americans and is situated below her home. she received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month, far more than she can afford . the grandmother tried to go through the courts to see if the city's rent regulation laws could help, but it was determined that her apartment wasn't covered.
rep. jesse young wants to use two or three carriers to link bremerton and port orchard across the sinclair inlet. there are currently three retired carriers parked at the puget sound navy yard. a navy spokesman said the uss independence and uss kitty hawk are not 'currently available' to be used as a bridge. young has attempted to secure $90,000 to study a feasibility study for the bridge.
group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 in a four-page document. the group attended the same paedophile brothel as jimmy savile in battersea, south west london. it is not clear whether the band and savile attended the brothel at the same time. top of the pops star was known to frequent a notorious brothel in the 1970s.
john and carolyn jackson are currently on trial for abusing their three foster children. the jacksons' first child abuse trial was ruled a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently mentioned the death of one of their sons. the couple is accused of forcing some of the children to drink hot sauce or eat hot pepper flakes. one of the foster children had a skull fracture and spinal fracture and another had a broken arm.
swedish furniture store ikea has banned shoppers from sleeping in their beds and sofas in china stores. nappers have taken over more than half of beds and furniture in one store in beijing. workers regularly wake up shoppers - but another napper quickly takes their place. management has also banned people from taking off their shoes to sleep on the display furniture.
sandra garratt, 56, was in constant agony after undergoing two back operations for a slipped disc. mother of two told her husband she was 'popping out' on good friday but he became concerned for her welfare. her body was found at the cornbow shopping centre in halesowen, west midlands. she had jumped from the top of a car park after doctors said there was nothing more they could do.
joyce tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to fiona stanley hospital in perth with a swollen abdomen. she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed. she lost five kilograms in five days and weighed 34 kilograms. health minister kim hames said ms tabram had a medical condition that required her to fast. opposition leader mark mcgowan said it was a form of torture and gross incompetence at the hospital.
tim farron was accused by jo stephenson's widow hilary of 'betrayal' after inquest found he jumped from roof of his house. deputy leader of cumbria county council fell from the roof while suffering 'intense stress' after being vilified over new parking charges. mr farron accused of reneging on a deal to support her late husband over the policy.
scientist ryan consell studied the composition of modern steel and welding techniques to create a valyrian steel sword. according to the game of thrones books, it is a form of super strong and light metal forged using westerosi magic. the secret to forging it was said to have been lost with the doom of valyria. but consell found it could be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry. he concluded that modern steel is a metal matrix composite, not a steel at all.
bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative headgear worn by revelers on manhattan's fifth avenue. the annual easter parade started in the 1880s as a display of what people wore to the catholic cathedral. this year's parade was centered on st patrick's cathedral, and included jews, hindus and atheists.
la-sonya mitchell-clark, 38, of youngstown, ohio, found out her birth mother was francine simmons after the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between 1964 and 1996 last month. she found out that her mother worked at the same call-center operation company as her and lived only six minutes away from her. she reached out through social media to speak with simmons and the two decided to meet after a phone call.
human bones found in gough's cave in somerset had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed. tooth marks found on many of the bones suggest people indulged in ritual cannibalism. human skulls found in the cave had been carefully shaped into cups and bowls.
jean sharon abbott, 38, from plymouth, minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old. the mother-of-three was diagnosed with the rare muscle disorder at the age of 33. after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness and near immobility, she learned she was misdiagnosed. she was diagnosed as having dopa-responsive dystonia (drd), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder. jean insists she feels no resentment or anger about her doctor's life-changing error.
matt o’connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie in the men's college hockey title game on saturday. bu's goalie lost track of a puck in his glove and kicked it into his own net. the friars beat providence college terriers 4-3 to win their first ncaa title. it was the third straight year a first-time champion for providence.
a 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences against his wife. each of the 102 offences committed by the man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years. the man was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on june 10. officers found the woman with a fractured leg after she jumped off a balcony during a domestic dispute. he was charged with rape,'solicit to murder' and assault.
paul slough, evan liberty and dustin heard were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for their multiple manslaughter convictions. former blackwater guard nicholas slatten was convicted of first degree murder and on monday was sentenced to life in prison. three of the guards - evan, paul and   slough - face mandatory decades-long sentences for their role in the 2007 nisour square massacre.
play double falsehood was said to be a forgery by theatre impresario lewis theobald in 1728. it was an adaptation of a shakespeare play and claimed to be written by the bard. but new study of the language of the play'strongly identifies' shakespeare as the true author. research by the university of texas analysed 33 plays to build up a psychological profile of the writer. found shakespeare was likely to be sociable and fairly well educated.
joseph o'riordan, 74, stabbed wife of ten years mandy, 47, with a seven inch kitchen knife eight times in jealous rage. court heard he was considering allowing her to have affairs as long as she stayed with him.    court shown dramatic footage of moment police arrived at couple's home to be greeted by a 'calm' o’riordan. he denies attempted murder at brighton crown court and the trial continues.
aaronessa keaton was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in february 2014. one of the children later died from their injuries. keaton, 24, was arrested monday and charged with manslaughter for the death of a 5-year-old child. when told of her arrest, keaton said'sh*t happens'   she was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time of the crash.
lydia millen and ali gordon met on instagram after he liked one of her pictures. the couple have been dating two years and live in milton keynes. ali, 26, helped to teach his girlfriend, lydia, 27, how to train hard and eat clean. the pair met at a party and moved in together after chatting on social media.
fed-up resident of cammeray, a wealthy north shore suburb, left a note on the windscreen of a car. the note was left by a commuter of the wealthy suburb. 'dear northern beaches parasites and car dependent tragics' was the message. other locals were 'horrified' by the letter, but agreed with the parking issue.
josh darnbrough, 24, awoke after a party to find his friend rob gaskell had tattooed his back with a diy kit. rob was taking revenge after josh had attempted to tattoo rob's leg with an at-home kit and it went horribly wrong. josh passed out at a friend's new year's eve party and woke up the next day to find he had been tattooed. rob had inked the words 'if found face down call an ambulance' on josh's back. the pair are both having their tattoos removed and say the prank hasn't affected their friendship.
exposure to a wide range of bacteria is necessary to prime the immune system early in life. a lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs. modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems. people in the us had smaller collection of bacteria than people from papua new guinea.
alexander soumbadze, 26, has been charged with eight counts of child pornography counts. police in maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of the georgian national. the tbilisi, georgia, native admitted to trading and receiving child pornography videos earlier this month. police have recovered videos showing the martial arts teacher molesting boys at his karate studio. two days after he was questioned by police, he fled the country, possibly returning to his native country.
a report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in cola. many nations are looking into carbon capture and storage technologies as a way to cut greenhouse house emissions. australian government report suggests the gas could be used to make fizzy drinks. it's estimated that 3,299 tonnes of carbon dioxide are released every day from people drinking cola . but there are concerns over storing huge amounts of carbon underground.
direct marketing commission said it would be investigating two firms exposed by daily mail. b2c data and data bubble sold financial data of 15,000 people and health details on 3,000 patients. chief commissioner of the commission, george kidd, said it will be investigating the firms. both companies are accused of selling private information without consent.
the prime minister accused snp and labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' to britain. he said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's election. mr cameron was in glasgow to unveil the tory party's scottish manifesto. ed miliband could only become prime minister with the support of the snp, he said.   snp acting as the chain to labour's 'wrecking ball'    mr miliband is expected to use bbc debate to issue a warning to scotish voters.
dr. anthony j. moschetto, 54, allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute. he allegedly hired two men to set fire to the rival doctor's office, then hired an undercover police officer to have him killed. authorities found a weapons cache in a secret room behind a bookshelf in the doctor's home in sands point, long island. he is accused of paying the officer $500 to perform a hit.
david tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first gambian wife broke down. his second wife was a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money. after divorcing his british wife of seven years in 1992, he fell in love again with a gambian woman. he is now engaged to another woman he met in gambia and is dating a third woman.
former train station built to serve queen victoria on the isle of wight is now a five-bedroom family home. the monarch spent her holidays at osborne house, which is now on the market for £625,000. the station was built in 1875 to serve the royal residence. the track has become a cycle path.
larry kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles. in volume one of his two part book 'the american people,' kramer says that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln's spurned gay lover. kramer claims that lincoln slept with several men including john booth and alexander hamilton.
ben sunderman, 19, who has down syndrome, was one of 12 students with special needs who earned a spot on the special education internship with embassy suites. he has a list of things to do before turning 21 and it included getting a job. last week, he read the acceptance letter for the internship and shouted 'i get the job' as he rushed over to his parents. his mom filmed the moment and posted it on facebook.
school prefect elspeth mckendrick, 16, was diagnosed with asperger's syndrome in 2012. she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition. the teenager was found hanged in her bedroom a week after going on a school trip. she had been diagnosed with mild form of autism and was'shattered' by the diagnosis.   she was found with a note apologising to her family and saying she wished she could open up to friends.
the site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the'surgeon's photograph' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934. it lets people virtually explore both above and beneath the water of loch ness. the tech giant has also released a google doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow pegman to a nessie peg-monster. today marks 81 years since the notorious'surgeons photograph' was published in the daily mail.
kenneth crowder, 41, was arrested in melbourne, florida, on friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself god. he was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree. a police officer shocked him with a taser twice, but he pulled the probes out of his body and tried to fight the officer. crowder was charged with battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting with violence, and assault with a deadly weapon on a officer.
laura wells lived with a group of'skinnier' model room mates in new york. she says their agents told them to stick to a diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water' to prepare for fashion week. the plus-size model says her room mates compared themselves to her and struggled to book jobs. her comments come days after france passed a law banning excessively thin models from the catwalk.
sum is almost five times the prime minister's £142,500 pay packet. 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000 for nhs work and 177 received more than £200,000. five of the top-earning dentists earn more than the average of £690,000 a year.
prince abdul malik, 31, and dayangku raabi'atul 'adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah, 22, wed at 1,788-room palace in brunei's capital, bandar seri begawan. prince is the son of the sultan of brunesi, one of the world's richest men, and is second in the line of succession to become the next sultan. the couple exchanged vows in a lavish enthronement ceremony in front of friends and family, nobility and foreign dignitaries.
the game between the boston red sox and new york yankees became the longest game in team history for both after a power outage in the 12th inning. chase headley and mark teixeira hit tying home runs in the game. the game pushed past 2am on saturday on the east coast. boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning after the game was interrupted by a 16-minute power outage.
lesley jonathon cameron was jailed for life on tuesday for the murder of maureen anne horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter tamara alexandra. they were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death in their own home in december 2013. cameron has been jailed for a minimum of 32 years for the horrific crime. he was 19 at the time of the murder and also raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive.
game is based on children's favourite whack-a-mole and encourages players to throw food at cartoon girl. if the player misses the girl, she starts to lose weight until she dies. rescue the anorexia girl was available on amazon and android platforms until withdrawn following complaints.
airline rivals ryanair and aer lingus have taken to twitter to engage in some light-hearted banter. the two took to the social networking site to poke fun at each other. both airlines posted tweets about their operations at dublin airport. ryan air posted a photo of staff in terminal 2 of dublin, where aer lingus fly out from.    the two airlines have often taken to social networking for subtle digs at eachother.
malawian police have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos. tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts. at least 15 people with albinism have been killed, wounded, abducted or kidnapped in east africa in the past six months. in nearby burundi, albinos are being housed in special accommodation under army protection.
irina shayk, 29, stars in new video and campaign for linda farrow eyewear's spring summer 15 campaign. russian supermodel and male model jarrod scott are filmed in a pool. irina split from her partner of five years, footballer christiano ronaldo, in january.
controversial contest is celebrated in the forests of the diamond-rich sakha republic as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter. pictures show a five-year-old bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs as part of a 'hunting competition' in yakutsk, eastern russia. the dog owners claim masha the bear has been used in the competition for years and enjoys it.
pamela clothier was admitted to hospital and returned home to find her house empty. the 92-year-old's possessions had been cleared out by charity age uk. her family was under the impression she planned to sell the home in battle, east sussex. she says her son peter 'didn't think i was going to make it' and tried to sell everything. her dog mitzy was taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed. her son insists she knew what was happening and he saved many of her things. the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family.
conservative leader says three in five new jobs should be created outside london and the south east to prevent a'reckless' economy. says recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just 'on the screens of london'   latest figures show there are 2million more people in work than in 2010 and the tories have promised to create 2million by 2020.
brett matthew paul thomas, now 56, and his friend, mark titch, were convicted in 1977 of murdering four people in orange county, california. they were sentenced to life with the possibility of parole after being found guilty of the murders of aubrey duncan, his 18-year-old daughter, denise, and two other people. thomas was 18 at the time and was denied parole and cannot reapply for seven years.    thomas and titch were convicted of murder in 1977 and   titch died behind bars last year aged 55.
government officials from australia, china and malaysia will double the search area for missing flight mh370. the expanded search area will be doubled if nothing is found in the current search zone. the mission could go on for another 12 months. the search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis'    the search has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of western australian.
callum ryan, 21, is running a marathon in each of australia's eight states and territories to honour the memory of his friend, malachy frawley. malachy died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old. callum has committed himself to running eight marathons between january and september 2015. he is raising funds for heartkids - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects. he has already completed his first three races and plans to complete the total of 337.5 kilometres.
president obama praised six-time olympic champion saying 'nobody's ever been faster than this guy'   obama asked the sprinter to show him the pose before joining him in his signature pose. obama became the first american president to visit the island nation since president ronald reagan in 1982.
mark reckless faces an uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority in rochester and strood. he defected to ukip to trigger the rochester by-election last november. private polling figures show he is on course to lose the seat at the general election.
'i really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher cheryl meyer, 'if you want to become president of the united states' christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled at a town hall meeting tuesday. the potential republican presidential contender will be kicking off a 'tell it like it is' town hall tour in new hampshire on april 15.
danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married. brian was involved in a near fatal motorcycle crash and doctors told her to take him off life support. danielle refused to give up on brian and took him into her full time care. weeks later, brian miraculously spoke the words 'i'm trying' one day.
omar hussain, 27, from high wycombe, used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard at morrisons. he became an isis jihadist in syria and appeared in a propaganda video. he has been writing advice about 'dealing' with jihadi brides and social media. the failed fighter has claimed to have been a terror camp trainer whilst with jabhat al-nusra.
fireman xu weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman's arm just in time after police failed to talk her down. she was attempting to jump off the ledge of a 10-storey tower block in shanghai. the woman was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend. he had climbed out on to the ledge and grabbed her arm as she threatened to jump. a colleague and another fireman then helped to pull her back into the apartment.
jennifer lopez's gown caught the attention of google executive, eric schmidt. it was the most popular search query when google images was launched in july 2001. the dress is one of the few articles of clothing to have its own wikipedia page. google has revealed that it was his inspiration for creating google images.
sarah stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles, gave birth to a healthy baby boy named james hunter on tuesday afternoon. baby james weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth. sarah came under fire last month for her unusually trim and toned figure.
man was caught on video at pearson international airport in toronto trying to enter restricted area. he was believed to be mentally disturbed and refused to comply with security staff. police say he was told he was not allowed to board a turkish airlines flight. the man was then tasered and brought to the ground by police at the scene. he has been detained under canada's mental health act.
sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in aershan city in inner mongolia. no official comments on what caused the strange black mud-like residue. many are linking it to the monster sandstorm in beijing on the same day. the red sky faded 50 minutes later and the sky returned to normal.
created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power. the gun currently holds the guinness world record for the smallest working revolver. the 2.34 calibre bullets the gun fires were designed specifically for it by former watchmaker. weighing just 0.6 ounces, the mini-revolver can be made to order in solid gold and costs £300,000 to make.
scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust around a star 455 light years away. the discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on earth are not unique to our solar system. radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding the million-year-old star mwc 480 to be 'brimming' with the building blocks of life.
locals discovered the bodies in separate metal trunks in a public park in haryana state, 30 miles south of new delhi. man's legs had been chopped off and his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles. police believe the couple, believed to be in their 20s, were victims of an honour killing.
dame helen mirren, 69, believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s. she was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, woman in gold. the actress said that men had a 'f*** anything' attitude in that era. mirren said the decade after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women.
new york daily news claimed that sharpton's family asked him to stay away to avoid a 'circus' of media attention. but he said it is 'bogus' and he will preach and attend a vigil the day after the funeral. walter scott was shot dead by officer michael slager in north charleston, south carolina, on april 4.
dep deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford, essex. it is thought to date to 5,600 bc and could re-write the history of mesolithic, or middle stone age burial practices. the discovery of cremated bone was thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain . it was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet and was found by oxford archaeology. three radiocarbon dates have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old.
random darknet shopper was a computer program designed to buy and sell items on the deep web. it bought trainers, jeans, cigarettes, masterkeys and a dvd case containing 10 ecstasy tablets. the robot bought the drugs and put them on display in an exhibition in st gallen, switzerland. police raided the exhibition and seized the computer and the drugs. the drugs were found to contain 90mg of the class-a drug mdma and were destroyed.
braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland, ohio, on sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger. baby boy was shot in the face and rushed to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead. police chief said that the person responsible for leaving the gun in the house will likely face charges.
doug hughes was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. the florida postal worker flew his gyrocopter onto the west lawn of the u.s. capitol on wednesday as a political protest. he was released on his own recognizance and told to check in weekly with authorities. homeland security secretary jeh johnson said the copter 'apparently flew in under the radar'   hughes has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics.
defence minister kevin andrews was unable to name the leader of islamic state on abc's 7.30 program. he said he was unable for 'operational reasons'    more than 300 australian troops will be sent to iraq for a two-year mission to train iraqi troops. australians will be spending the time 'behind the wire' not engaging in combat.
peter fox, 26, was arrested at euston station in london on suspicion of the murders of his mother and sister. bernadette, 57, and sarah fox, 27, were found dead half a mile apart in bootle, merseyside. his sister's body was found at a sheltered housing property on thursday night. police say peter fox was spotted by a member of the public and arrested this morning. his mother was found dead of asphyxiation and his sister was repeatedly stabbed, police say.
the distinct tracks found at ileret in kenya are the oldest human footprints in the world. a total of 99 prints were found on the shoreline of a lake and belong to a group of hunting parties. the prints were made by a homo erectus and are believed to have been left by a hunting party 1.5 million years ago. it is the strongest evidence yet that the human ancestors were sophisticated hunters.
satellite images show a massive sandstorm sweeping across much of the arabian peninsula. it caused traffic accidents, the cancellation of hundreds of flights and flight cancellations. the sandstorm was almost as large as the united states and reached as far east as india and pakistan. it began on april 1 and caused chaos across saudi arabia, oman and the united arab emirates.
tens of thousands of aussies are using overseas accounts to access the us-restricted streaming service hbo now. hbo has warned users they will be cut off on april 21. users are using virtual private network technology to bluff their way around geographic restrictions. the network will deactivate accounts of users who are accessing foreign content. users have claimed they will go back to illegal downloading if cut off.
'rogue planets' could offer scientists a new avenue in their search for alien life. life can still form on rogue planets without a star to provide heat. this is according to sean raymond, an astrophysicist from bordeaux. rogue planets are of interest to astronomers because they could harbour extra-terrestrials.
heather hironimus fled with her 4-year-old son despite a judge's order to appear in court and to allow the circumcision to go forward. she has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy's father, dennis nebus, and is trying to avoid her own arrest. her arrest was ordered after she fled with the boy in february and ignored a judge’s orders to appear and allow the procedure to go ahead.
underweight people are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as alzheimer's than those of a healthy weight. obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower. previous studies have suggested being fat with a high body mass index could raise risk.
corporal christian walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton wearing five war medals. father-of-three had served in the first gulf war, bosnia, angola and northern ireland. he was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder after tours of duty abroad. the 42-year-old wrote suicide notes before taking a fatal overdose.
the prime minister and his wife joined worshippers at the gravesend gurdwara in kent today in traditional sikh dress.   visit designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks to go until the election. it comes just a day after the conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of christians in the uk.
zara phillips was surprised at how difficult it was to regain her fitness after the birth of her daughter mia grace. the queen's granddaughter, 33, is vying for a place on team gb at the rio olympics. she has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape. the mother-of-one hits the exercise bike every morning before her daughter wakes up at 8am.
the mountain lion, known as p-22, was discovered in the los feliz home of jason and paula archinac on monday. animal rescue workers tried to move the lion, but he refused to move. he was moved to griffith park, but moved back to the crawl space overnight. on tuesday morning, animal services tweeted that the lion has 'left the building'   he is best-known for being pictured in front of the hollywood sign in 2013, and has a facebook page.
the annual cost of gun violence in the u.s. is more than apple's annual revenue and the cost of the obesity epidemic combined. independent political magazine mother jones carried out a three-year investigation into the cost to taxpayers. although gun homicides are on the decline, 80,000 people were injured by guns in 2012. the yearly cost to send someone to prison for a gun-related homicide is $414,000.
isis fighters have posted pictures of junk food and drinks smuggled across the turkey border into syria. one fighter posted a picture of a burger king whopper and pringles, chocolate and mojitos. twitter users have condemned the hypocrisy of the isis fighters' choice of diet.
the 44-year-old tv star was looking morose as she left her new york city apartment on tuesday. dr fredric brandt was found dead by suicide at his miami mansion on sunday. the live with kelly & michael co-host was wearing a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans.
bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter (24.1 per cent) from the year before. value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million. product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including victoria beckham and sam faiers. experts say women are 'tending towards a more natural look'
kingsley burrell, 29, was taken into custody after calling police to say he was being threatened with a machine gun. father-of-three claimed three men had threatened him with a gun in birmingham city centre. he was handcuffed and taken to the queen elizabeth hospital, where he was sectioned. mr burrell died in police custody on march 31 2011, four days after he was arrested and sectioned . inquest into his death at birmingham coroner's court was told he wet himself after being denied access to a toilet, and was repeatedly punched by officers.
peggy siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light. she said that steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want a dark message about the us to be'sent around the world'    a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works - but not for a few years. the details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails.
team led by imperial college london has already applied to patent the therapy, which they say could be ready for human trials within three years. scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the body’s immune system ten-fold. protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t-cells, which have the ability to detect cancerous cells.
michelle, a 32-year-old mother, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle in jacksonville, florida. police have identified the driver as daniel robert frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence. she filmed the man throwing a bottle of liquid at her vehicle.
beatrice tollman, founder of a luxury hotel chain, made donation of £20,000 to the tories earlier this month. she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax. her husband stanley tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion on the same day in 2008.
dave brockie, the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band gwar, was found dead in a chair at his richmond, virginia, home march 23, 2014. dave, 50, died of accidental drug overdose.   dave's father claims members of gwar swiped his guitars, artwork, a gold record, tour souvenirs and even his ashes. the lawsuit accuses the group of trying to take over his estate and using his image without consent on merchandise and trying to start a charity in his name.
the duchess of cornwall, 67, has become a much-loved member of the royal family. she is loved by 50 per cent of britons and 56 per cent credit her with prince charles' popularity. her natural warmth and charm is credited with her success. she has a close relationship with her mother-in-law the queen.
detectives investigating the disappearance of three-year-old william tyrrell believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring. nsw homicide squad commander detective superintendent mick willing said 'one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a ring'    the parents of the missing toddler have released new pictures of their son and a video pleading for his return. william was last seen playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight last september.
david cameron said easter was 'time to reflect on the part that christianity plays in our national life'   prime minister said church is a 'living active force doing great works' for the poor and homeless. he condemned the persecution of christians following the massacre in kenya. mr cameron visited orphaned lambs at a farm in his constituency of chadlington.
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world for six years to find vintage cars left to crumble in forests and fields. he became hooked after finding a citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush. dieter, 57, from cologne, first came across the cars in a forest six years ago. he has travelled to find them in graveyards, sculpture parks and fields around the world.
the australian descendants of eight anzac veterans have proudly showed off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs. photographer mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of soldiers who landed in gallipoli nearly 100 years ago. among the keepsakes are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge.
the earth experienced its hottest month of march since record-keeping began in 1880. last month's average temperature of 56.4°f (13.6°c) was the hottest march on record. it was 1.5°f above the average for the 20th century. the first three months of 2015 have all set new high temperature marks for the world. noaa blames the heat on a combination of el niño and human-made climate change.
jameela jamil, 29, spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings. blood tests showed she had high levels of mercury in her body. dental amalgam is banned in countries such as sweden and norway because of patient concern about the risk.
shinjiro kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a buddhist temple in kitakyushu, southwest japan. he dresses up as iconic japanese sci-fi tv hero kamen rider 1 and patrols the streets. he has the full support of police and even dons an armband certifying him as an official drink-drive patrolman.
aussies rose byrne and gracie otto and krey boylan have launched all female film production company 'the doll house collective'    the quintet will collaborate together on films, share ideas and support each other's projects.   they want to follow in feminist foot steps of arianna huffington and sheryl sandberg.
kyle major, 14, punched father-of-two paul walker, 52, in the back of the head after wishing him a happy new year. major followed his victim and felled him from behind with a punch to the head in the early hours of new year's day. he was ordered to be detained for three years at preston crown court after pleading guilty to manslaughter. mr walker was found face down in a pool of blood in the street and died in hospital. major consumed six bottles of budweiser lager and a quarter of a bottle of jack daniels whiskey. the boy was in foster care and had seven previous convictions and was 'allowed to
sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels. energy is used throughout the day, and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down. traditionally, energy gathered during the day is sent back to the grid to be used for power. german firm automatic storage device has created the sonnenspeicher to store this excess energy. it uses a smart battery that automatically controls the charging and discharging of energy. the system is independent of the national power grid and can be used to power a home until the sun rises again.
the park hyatt new york recently hired michelle obama's favourite designer, narcisco rodriguez, to redesign staff uniforms. jw marriott houston downtown hired american designer, david peck, for its uniform revamp. the shangri la hotel in toronto hired local designer, sunny fong, to design the staff's uniforms.
gavin tobeck of lacey, washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack by dog smash on april 1. he was hospitalized for six days and was released late on tuesday. the boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds . the family had adopted the pit bull smash from friend of their neighbor on march 16 and said there were no previous signs of aggression from the dog.
doug hughes, 61, was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the u.s. capitol lawn to protest campaign finance laws. after more than two years of planning, hughes made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone carrying 535 letters and landed the aircraft. hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged thursday with violating restricted airspace. although hughes' wife, alena, said she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot'   hughes has since been released on his own recognizance and is allowed to return to florida under certain conditions.
annah sophia stevenson ordered a big mac burger from blenheim mcdonald's for herself and her three-year-old son luca. after taking three bites of her meal she discovered a cockroach in her mouth. the mother of one was trying to brush her teeth to remove the insect's shell when she found it. she took to facebook to post the alarming discovery of the half-eaten cockroach. mcdonalds has organised to pick up the evidence to aid their investigation.
the three men died after diving into rough waters off of rocky coastline in mendocino county, california, on sunday in search of abalone. the men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and san francisco. ten friends, including the dead men, had rented a house on caspar cove to dive for abalone . an off-duty firefighter who happened to be fishing nearby spotted the men and called for help.
chanel, 19, is a freelance model in california and claims to be a vegetarian. says she is terrified the effects of aging will stop her modelling career in its tracks. claims to bathe in pig's blood to 'keep the skin looking soft and tight'   she is convinced that 'thousands of years ago people did this and it worked'
with the rouble in trouble, russians are staying at home in goa. the beaches are more relaxed, and the restaurants are quieter. goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day and is a favourite with tourists. you can eat famously for no more than £20 a head at many of the restaurants.
chamali fernando, candidate for cambridge, was speaking at a hustings event last night when she made the comment. she said wearing wristbands would help doctors, lawyers and police officers. deputy prime minister nick clegg slammed'shocking' suggestion and said it would 'increase stigma' of mental health.
green lamborghini and red ferrari worth a combined total of £1.3million crashed in central beijing underpass. both drivers have been charged with dangerous driving and detained by public security bureau. the drivers are both reported to be unemployed and have been detained. a female passenger in the green car was taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to turn around and return to seattle-tacoma international airport 14 minutes into the flight when the pilot heard banging and screams from the cargo hold. a baggage handler woke up from a nap inside the plane's cargo hold and made a frantic 911 call begging for help. the man had dozed off at the end of his shift and only woke up when the plane was in the air. the captain of the flight declared an emergency and returned the plane to the airport. after the plane landed, the man was pulled from the plane and appeared to be fine.
brian karl brimager, 37, entered his plea on friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego, in connection with the death of yvonne lee baldelli. he has been in custody since june 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation. the 42-year-old woman was last seen in september 2011 when she arrived in panama with brimager. indictment alleges that brimager murdered baldelli, dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area.
ed balls and shadow health secretary andy burnham warn nhs 'cannot survive' another five years of tories in government. ed balls says if standards continue to decline then millions more will face long waits in a&e and long waits to see gps. labour launch a week of attacks on the nhs, warning of 'dramatic decline in standards' in five years.   two million people a year will be forced to wait over four hours in hospital waiting lists and 600,000 more will be on trolleys.
viv nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961 with her husband keith on football betting pool. she and husband splurged the cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying. but tragedy struck when keith died at the wheel of his jaguar in 1965 and she was declared bankrupt. she died following a long battle with dementia after suffering with the brain disease for five years.
labour leader's son daniel, five, inadvertently waded into row about 'two kitchens' during itv interview. mr miliband's eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen is the 'best' in the £2.7million home. labour leader was forced to admit he needs two kitchens because family nanny lives in basement of his home.
the bbc's online game, syrian journey, often ends with refugees drowning in the mediterranean or being sold to militia. it is available on the bbc website and often leads to players dying. experts criticised for turning the suffering of millions into a 'children's game' players are tasked with escaping syria and making it into europe. middle east expert chris walker said the decision 'beggars belief'
dr fredric brandt, 65, was found dead at his miami mansion on sunday morning. the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt's death was a suicide by hanging. he was reportedly 'devastated' by comparisons to dr franff, a character on netflix show, unbreakable kimmy schmidt. drbrandt was found by his housekeeper at his coconut grove mansion.
syriza party says germany owes greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes. greek government unveils final calculation for war reparations stemming from occupation by third reich. demand comes days before greek is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the imf. prime minister alexis tsipras raised the reparations issue with german chancellor angela merkel. the german government says the issue was resolved legally years ago.
james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces. sarah stage came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her toned body. the animal rights activist and lingerie model from los angeles gave birth to her son james the next day.
lily melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on instagram. she shares her tips on how to update your wardrobe with style hacks.    fashion blogger and blogger lily has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your wardrobe into 2015 style.
the whole damn farm is the creation of head chef sam longhurst of splendid kitchen restaurant in manchester. it contains two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, ham chunks, a whole chicken thigh, pulled pork and four rashers of bacon. it costs £13.50 and is the meat equivalent of six big macs.
prince harry turned up unannounced in the tiny township of wuggubun in western australia. he is on a month-long secondment to the australian defence force for a training exercise. he has been in the country since monday and is spending the next month with norforce. he visited the tomb of the unknown soldier on his first day of duty.
singer-songwriter's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million at christie's auction house today. original manuscript reveals a deleted verse about music being'reborn'   mclean says song is about 'heading in the wrong direction' and refers to 'the day the music died' in 1959. american pie was released in 1971 and was a hit for four weeks in 1972.
two french tourists set alight a native australian quokka using a deodorant can and a lighter. thibaud jean leon vallet and his cousin pleaded guilty to animal cruelty. both men were on a working holiday in rottnest island on april 3. the men were fined $4000 and will be held in jail for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
brothers jeff and joey stallings, both in their twenties, were placed in medically-induced comas after taking 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana in mccomb, mississippi. fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug, which is a mix of herbs. collapsed after suffering from hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking. were hospitalized on april 6, and were put on life support - but were later released from hospital. now, their mother, karen, has appealed to others not to smoke the drug - which has left jeff with permanent kidney damage.
illinois rep. luis gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives who are creating a 'family defender toolkit' to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations. the pamphlet includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded. deferred action for childhood arrivals and deferred. action for parents of americans policies. those policies are currently on hold by a court order. critics of the pamphlet say that it is 'flaunting the law' and encourages a false sense of security.
victoria beckham posted a picture of her husband sporting grey hairs in his beard. men are embracing the grey look with style.    men are getting more and more comfortable about embracing the distinguished look. george clooney, george lamb and jose mourinho are all grey-haired stars.
nhs handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million in 2014 and 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills costing £29million. critics branded the figures 'ludicrous' at time of financial crisis for the nhs. britain ranked 27th in the world for health and wellness and 111th for obesity.
the teenager from the henan province in central china has been labelled 'too beautiful to look at' she has gained 400,000 followers on chinese social media account weibo. she appears to have had surgery on her jaw, chin and eyes. the girl apparently had the surgery to win back an ex boyfriend. plastic surgery is increasingly popular in china and is a huge business.
henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, toni bertolet, 51, last november and police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, lynn rishell, some 20 years earlier. henthorn, 59, was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of first wife and $4.5million on his second. lynn's brother's wife, grace rishell has opened up to say that the fbi told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy henthorn had taken out on her. he forged her signature and made himself the sole
fast-casual chain chipotle says that it does not know when it will have enough pork to supply all of its stores with sustainably raised meat for its carnitas burritos. only five per cent of pigs in the us are raised in a way that meets chipotle's strict standards. chipotle removed carnitas pork from roughly a third of its locations in january. it only uses pigs that are raised outside or in living spaces with large supplies of straw. the chain says that constraints on receiving supplies that met its standards led to 6.3 per cent price increases last year.
milton vieira severiano, 32, dragged body of dancer cicera alves de sena, 29, into garden of brazil apartment. he smashed her head into concrete paving and punched her in the face 10 times. later confessed that he'd carried out the brutal act 'because he was jealous of men looking at her'   severiano was driving a neighbour's car but was arrested after crashing it during his getaway.
a group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of edward snowden in brooklyn's fort greene park early monday morning. the artists spent six months and $30,000 working on the sculpture of the former us spy agency contractor. snowden has been living in exile in russia since 2013. city parks officials ordered the bust removed from the top of a revolutionary war memorial in the park.
sharista giles of sweetwater, tennessee woke up on wednesday after being in a coma for five months. giles was five months pregnant and was driving home from a concert when she was in a car accident. doctors believed she would never recover from the injuries she suffered in the accident. she woke up to learn she gave birth to a baby boy, a boy called baby l. baby l was born in january after doctors were forced to deliver the baby early after giles woke up from her coma . he is still in the neonatal intensive care unit but is doing well and now weighs over six pounds.
the surrender of confederate gen. robert e. lee to union lt. gen. ulysses s. grant 150 years ago on thursday was a milestone event in the end of the civil war. today is the 150th anniversary of general lee's surrender of the army of northern virginia to union forces in appomattox, virginia. the re-enactment included a reenactments of lee’s last clash with grant's troops and of the confederates surrender in a virginia farmhouse.
luigi costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour terrence freebody in red hill, canberra in july 2012. costa was believed to be suffering from dementia and alcohol abuse at the time of the murder. he was accused of stomping on his neighbour's head, cutting his throat and stabbing him. a forensic psychiatrist examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of his state of mind declining.
martin richard, eight, was the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15, 2013 attack. his family attended a ceremony to mark the second anniversary of the bombings at boylston street on tuesday morning. the family of jane martin, who lost a leg in the blast, helped unveil four memorial banners. jeff bauman, carlos arredondo and governor charlie baker were also at the ceremony. a moment of silence was held at 2.49pm at the site of the blasts to mark two years since the tragedy.
managing director nick cousins, 53, and his wife herminia garcia charged with wilful neglect after daughter's death. blanca cousins, 15, fell to her death from the 19th floor of their luxury apartment in hong kong on tuesday. her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, was never registered. mr cousins was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' but he has not been charged and is on bail. she was charged with being in the country illegally for more than 20 years and was shaking as she left court.
nicky morgan has ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on the state schools system. education secretary told head of ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn of 'influx' of migrants. immigration has played a low-key role in the tory election campaign. net migration to the uk hit 298,000 in the year to september. ofsted chief inspector sir michael wilshaw last year warned of the impact on schools.
kevin dixon, 35, offered to take his friend's akita-type dog for a walk to help her out after she suffered whiplash. he was worried the dog, tempa, might bite a child at her home in west yorkshire. dixon took the animal out and then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal.   he was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals for ten years.
joshua vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown, sheffield, on january 7. he had been having relationship problems with his 'on-off' girlfriend. minutes before his death, his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on facebook, saying the teen was on the platform. his body was found on the line minutes after he spoke to his mother on the phone.
overweight people are less likely to develop dementia. study's lead researcher said the results are a'surprise', but  it's no excuse to pile on the pounds. being overweight reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent. being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39 per cent .
brae carnes of victoria, british columbia is protesting an amendment to a canadian transgender rights bill. carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms. she is protesting a proposed amendment to the bill that would allow business owners to decide whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender.
scott kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to stony brook university hospital with first and second degree burns. he had been told by a friend that the best way to kill bedbugs was to douse them in alcohol. he set himself on fire in the parking lot of a king kullen supermarket in eastport.
kelly kreth, 44, told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. kreth has written to men and women behind bars who she believes fit the bill of a sociopath . she has written more than 600 prison letters to murderers behind bars. the real estate publicist and freelance writer says she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes.
cctv footage shows a man casually approach a white range rover parked outside a house in north london. takes less than 30 seconds to break into the vehicle and drive it away in car hacking theft. he opens the door without even using a key or smashing a window. metropolitan police are now appealing for information to trace the thief. keyless car thefts are on the rise in london with 6,000 in the capital last year.
kimberly waddell macemore, 25, of wilkesboro, south carolina, was sentenced on tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison. she was a second year english teacher at west wilkes high school when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in may 2014. the two male students were both 17 at the time. she had a casual sexual relationship with one, but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other.
olive fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana, south america, to new york. authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact'   she was found to be wearing one pair of black underwear and one white girdle with white powder packed in. it's estimated the drugs found in her panties have a street value of more than $73,000.
ben grower wrote to bournemouth borough council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping. pensioner alan roberts signed off email with: 'that's why i'll be voting ukip'   mr grower, leader of authority's labour group, responded: 'as you appear to be a supporter of a racist party' a formal complaint has been lodged and the council is investigating.
'the diggers are dole bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late january. the page claims that the australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians. despite multiple reports to facebook as 'hate speech', the page remains live. a protest page has been created to petition facebook to take the page down.
norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. called eye2tv can be plugged into any hdmi port on a tv or a computer monitor. a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment. it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't. the team from the university of east anglia in norwich is seeking funding on kickstarter.
jericho scott, 16, was killed early on sunday while he sat in a car in new haven, connecticut. he was told he couldn't pitch for his little league team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine. scott was killed while he was in a white volkswagen with a 20-year-old friend, justin compress. the murder was the city's fourth homicide of 2015 and its first youth killing of the year.
cadbury's fingers and john west tuna are just the latest products to shrink in price. it's common practice for big brands to reduce the size of products to increase profits. but it's not better for consumers if manufacturers don't pass on the savings. consumer watchdog which? reveals a host of products that have been shrunk.
rihanna cooper, 21, from hull, became the youngest person in britain to be accepted for gender reassignment at 16. but part way through her treatment, she decided she wanted to be a boy. rihanna realised she was born in the wrong body and was accepted for treatment. now she is working as an escort to pay for her treatment privately. she blames nhs psychiatrists and doctors for clouding her focus.
white female student was captured in snapchat photo detailing several'reasons why usc wifi blows' on whiteboard at university of south carolina. her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets' and 'overpopulated campus'   she was a member of campus's kappa delta chapter sorority until last year. the girl has been suspended and is facing a usc code of conduct inquiry.
scottish midfielder charlie adam scored from 66 yards against chelsea in the premier league today. adam scored a stunning long-range effort from his own half. the goal will go down in history as one of the best premier league goals ever. it has been compared to other legendary strikes from david beckham and xabi alonso. adam's goal was a contender for best premiership goal ever.
elizabeth sedway, 51, says alaska airlines had her ejected from a flight because she has cancer and lacked a doctor's note clearing her to fly. the married mother of two, her husband and their two sons were returning home to california monday after vacationing in hawaii. sedway posted an emotional video on her facebook page showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. the airline was concerned she might collapse during the eight-hour flight to san jose. alaska airline has refunded her family's airfare, which will be donated to research.
stephanie flanders made headlines last week after it emerged she had been'secretly' dating ed miliband. labour leader was dating the former bbc economics editor when he first met his wife justine in 2004. miss flanders, 46, accused the media of ‘raking over’ mr miliband’s past in the run-up to the election.
the queen is celebrating her 89th birthday today. she still rides regularly and is a fan of equestrian sport. the queen is a regular rider and is frequently spotted riding in windsor great park on her black fell pony. her majesty still has a heavy work schedule and still enjoys a pre-lunch gin and tonic. she meets with the prime minister of 15 of the 16 countries she is head of state.
kenyatta leal is the first graduate of the last mile, the world’s only prison-based tech incubator. he was handed a life sentence at san quentin correctional facility in 1994. was selected from 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with silicon valley entrepreneurs. the program teaches prisoners how to code and build a business idea after release.
the male employee and a female accomplice allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a body scanner at denver international airport last year. the male employee performed inappropriate pat downs on male passengers he found attractive. the transportation security administration received an anonymous tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in november. both employees were fired following the incident.
medics told family of margaret hesketh there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours. family claim she was put on a discredited liverpool care pathway-style treatment for the dying. post-mortem found no sign of cancer in grandmother-of-six and she died of pneumonia.
andrea dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at harrods in knightsbridge on tuesday. the 33-year-old was later bailed after being arrested and bailed by police. liverpool once paid £7million for the italy international. dossenas scored the winner for liverpool against real madrid in the champions league in 2009. he now plays for league one strugglers leyton orient.
jade and ross morley have welcomed twins into their family. their son floyd-henry has a rare form of dwarfism called achondroplasia dwarfism. floyd was diagnosed with the rare genetic condition when he was five months old. the morley's released a video to explain floyd's condition to friends and family. less than two years later, floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins. harrison stone morley and cleo téa morley were born at 37 weeks on march 20 this year. the family now has three children under 20 months.
nigel is twice as likely as the general population to vote ukip, according to research by yougov. figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named nigel, the poll found. the three names most likely to vote tory were charlotte, fiona and pauline.
the royal commission into institutional responses to child sex abuse in rockhampton heard from alleged victims at the neerkol orphanage. claims ranged from being raped by a broom handle to being forced to drink their own urine. a woman claimed she was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age. a retired nurse said she was punched and slapped repeatedly by a priest at the institution. the commission is hearing from 13 former residents of the orphanage near rockhamton.
michael slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston, south carolina, on saturday. his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and can not walk down a hall without the entire cell block being cleared first.   slager's mother, karen sharpe, has defended her son in an interview, saying she cannot believe he would do anything like what he's accused of. scott was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over and had already been jailed three times
according to a recent poll, nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out. sir james dyson, inventor of dyson hoovers, is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in battery experts sakti3. the battle for better battery life is never-ending.
justin whittington, 23, was arrested on friday in bakersfield, california, and charged with child cruelty after a video of him punching a three-year-old boy in the face surfaced online. he was charged with 'cruelty' but his charge was later changed to 'endangerment'    justin was arrested after the video was leaked online and police were able to track down the suspect. the boy was taken to a local hospital but did not require hospitalization.
tumblr blog called conversation sparks is a collection of cartoons designed to kickstart a conversation. cartoons by ryan chapman have been turned into a book for sale by chronicle books. the blog has hundreds of interesting facts to help with the awkward silence during dinner dates.
actor ryan reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot, according to his publicist and vancouver police. the incident took place on friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri-la hotel. the vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident. he has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film deadpool.
the car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 ford expedition to overturn saturday in martin county, central florida. father, uriel miranda, 38, and his two-year-old daughter yaretsi miranda were not wearing seatbelts.    all 12 passengers were relatives from apopka and half of them weren't wearing seat belts. the driver and a 7-year old boy were treated at a hospital and released.
the uss independence is resting 800m underwater off california's farallon islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible. experts found the giant u.s. ship standing upright and listing only slightly. there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel. the veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being decommissioned in 1946.
tokyo's narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 olympics. to save money, the airport installed the cushioned tracks to celebrate the event. the newly-opened terminal 3 is primarily used for departures and arrivals of low-cost carriers.
joanna flynn, a former nurse at georgian bay general hospital in ontario, charged with criminal negligence causing death. the 50-year-old was arrested on thursday and charged with manslaughter. it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for turning off a patient's life support machine. deanna leblanc, 39, died at the hospital on march 2, 2014 after being put on life support. she was a mother of two from midland, canada.
the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film. it said it will still show the oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film. the film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension.
emma watson was just 11 when she landed the role of hermione granger in harry potter and the philosopher's stone. she has since starred in 17 feature films and two fashion campaigns. the actress is known for her style and influential role in women's right movements. femail charts her 14 years in the spotlight to celebrate her 25th birthday.
tewksbury police department came under attack by hackers which encrypted their computers' files using a malware program called cryptolocker. the department was forced to pay a $500 bitcoin ransom in untraceable digital currency. only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old. police systems were down for between four and five days.
digby was found severely dehydrated and cowering between two bins at a block of flats in north london. at just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was close to death. he was rescued by the rspca and taken to a centre in hertfordshire. he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff nero, who is 120 times his size.
melbourne-based actor, lucy gransbury, wrote a two-page letter complaining about her noisy neighbours. she was too scared to knock on their door after being woken by their voices for a week. she dropped a thank you letter and gifts over the fence to her neighbours. after a month of not hearing back, jershon witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his facebook page. he said only the deaf and 'those buried in the cemetery' would be concerned about the noise.
liverpool manager brendan rodgers was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs at blackburn magistrates' court. rodgers and business partner judith o'hagan were found guilty of leaving a property to rot. the anfield boss had been ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof of the £69,950 terrace house in accrington. the house was left in a state of disrepair for three years. liverpool crashed out of the fa cup on sunday in a defeat by aston villa.
henry howes narrowly failed to win a teddy at the claw game at the snowdome in tamworth, staffordshire. he put his hand inside the machine's hatch and slipped under the trap door. it took workers half an hour to free the four-year-old after he was trapped in the machine. henry was unhurt and his brother harvey, nine, was able to call his mother.
the 44-year-old man had recently returned from a holiday in algeria and wanted to complain about the weather. great manchester police chadderton division tweeted a warning about wasting police time. the man tried to lodge a complaint at the station about the 'too hot' weather. he was advised by police that it was not a police problem.
kim rose is running for nigel farage's party in southampton itchen and is being investigated by police. claims he tried to 'corruptly influence' voters by giving them sausage rolls at an event. electoral commission rules state food and entertainment cannot be provided to influence votes. mr rose branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous' and said voters were unlikely to 'change their mind'    he put on a spread of sandwiches, sausage rolls and coffees at the event, which also featured snooker star jimmy white.
sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are four to five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes. research analysed dna from 21,566 men convicted of sexual offences in sweden. only 2 per cent of cases could be explained by shared environmental factors. genetic traits are developed through interaction between genes and the environment. but this finding is unlikely to help prevent sex crimes or catch offenders.
dr unt tun maung, 43, asked vulnerable teen to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing each of her breasts. he was working as a locum gp when she went to him with chest pains in 2012. dr maung, a married father-of-one, was jailed for 18 months at durham crown court. he had spent 12 years working in the nhs and is currently suspended from practicing.
simple and sensible tricks recommended by a professional florist, you can make your flowers last longer. keep flowers well-groomed and well-fed with hairspray and 7up and bleach. don't mix fruit and flowers and keep them far away from electricals.
michael munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life, melissa. the sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers on twitter. he says he needs the support of the public in order to win her back. yet some users have described his messages as 'creepy and inappropriate'
kim kardashian and husband kanye west visited the site of jesus christ's crucifixion in jerusalem's old city on monday. visited armenian church st james cathedral to baptise their daughter north. the family are in the holy land for a private two-day visit to armenia for north's baptism.
the american band are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric' and their songs feature violent imagery. samantha cameron, 43, comes from aristocratic background and was educated at marlborough college. she has revealed her love of alternative group poliça, a band inspired by shulamith firestone.
sonia morales was pregnant, her daughter angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. sonia and her husband rony, who live in providence, rhode island, decided to 'keep her no matter what'   angela, who weighs only 16 lbs., celebrated her first birthday on march 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter elizabeth. she has part of her brain missing and one of her eyes is shut.
woman flew to southern france twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher's cousins. police in germany are investigating whether she lied about being related to a victim of the germanwings crash. airline's parent company lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after march 24 crash. all 150 people on board were killed in the crash in the french alps.
michael gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce deficit. former education secretary said the tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners. george osborne last month refused to rule out child benefit cuts if conservatives win second term.
jared quirk, 18, was in athens, greece, with classmates from rockland, massachusetts, to see ancient world. he collapsed and died on friday while walking through the city with friends. was the third student at rockland high school to die in six months. joshua rose, 17, died on october 1 from an unknown cause, while patrick sullivan was killed in a new year's eve car crash.
leaked memo from apple's angela ahrendts said customers won't be able to buy watch in store 'through the month of may' due to 'high global interest and initial supply' it was expected to launch on 24 april. pre-orders of the watch began on friday at 12.01am and sold out within an hour. an estimated 957,000 shoppers in the us alone ordered apple watches.
video captured at whipsnade zoo shows baby elephant walking alongside its herd and breaking their chain. the baby elephant forced its way into the line of elephants after breaking the chain with its back. the video was taken by a zookeeper and shows keepers leading the elephants in single file.
the video is part of a promotional tour from porsche to promote their $900,000 918 spyder supercar. the car was driven by new zealand professional race car driver craig baird. the video shows the car clocking 350km/h on a stretch of unrestricted road in the outback. the stunt is on the stuart highway, north of alice springs, australia.
boy was 'accidentally' high on 'white rhino' - super-strength cannabis - and was egged on by friends. he threw cat against the door and flushes it in the toilet. the kitten had to be put down because of the abuse it suffered. owner sarah reeves, 19, was also banned from keeping animals for ten years.
buzim, north west bosnia has more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000. at least 21 sets were born during the 1992-95 civil war. local politicians want to turn the town of buzim into a tourist attraction. according to doctors a set of twins can be expected once in every 88 births.
up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness. london eye hospital in harley street says increasing numbers of people are seeking help after being given bad advice or poor care. it says it is time for the industry to be 'taken to task'   up to one in 20 patients suffer some sort of complication from the surgery.
mohammed khubaib, originally from pakistan, befriended girls and 'hooked' them with alcohol to make them 'compliant'    married businessman, 43, had 'persistent and almost predatory interest' in teenage girls and used his restaurant as a 'focal point'  he was found guilty of forcing a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him and nine counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation.   father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money, gifts and cigarettes before plying them with vodka.
schieffer joined cbs news in 1969 and has been the network's chief washington correspondent since 1992. he began at the political affairs show 'face the nation' in 1991, asking direct questions to politicians in a texas twang. schieffer announced his retirement at the texas journalism school named for him. cbs this morning anchor gayle king called the news'stunned'
clip shows nancy kanwisher, a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology, chopping at her head with scissors. graduate student then uses electronic razor to shave the rest off during lecture. short video was posted on scientist's brain talks website to teach people about different brain regions.
female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit in syria. all of the women are fully veiled, making it hard to identify individuals. the video is believed to have been filmed at the st simeon's church in the syrian countryside. it is believed several of the female jihadis could be british nationals.
sign has been fixed outside a university building in portugal place warning cyclists not to leave bikes chained to railings. it warns bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind building previously used by greek orthodox church. classicist professor says the message contains grammatical errors and is branded 'elitist'
mohammed emwazi planned to join al-shabaab in somalia but changed his mind after two of his friends were killed. he believed the terror group had been infiltrated by western spies and was too dangerous. now known as jihadi john, he joined isis in syria in 2012 and is known for beheading videos.
french photographer floriane de lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years. in her photography project, inside views, she captures the essence of what people do when they're alone on the rooftops of cities across the world. she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping. the scenes in which her photos are set are found in las vegas, new york, paris, shanghai and tokyo.
grace rebecca mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home she shared with steven vander briel, 30, infredericksburg, virginia. mann was found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat and believed to have been asphyxiated. briel fled the scene and a two-hour manhunt was launched. he was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot and charged with first-degree murder and abduction. the active university of mary washington junior was a history and american studies junior.
tesco still has the biggest share of the premium ale market but aldi has increased its market share by a third. tesco's market share is worth £490million and is worth 10 per cent more than waitrose. the top four supermarkets have all lost market share in the first three months of 2015.
stephanie scott was due to get married to her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley. police will begin an autopsy on stephanie's body to determine how she was killed. detectives will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the netherlands to run a background check on accused killer vincent stanford. ms scott's body was discovered in a national park on friday evening. she was last seen on easter sunday, six days before her wedding.
the spain's queen letizia, 42, was at the woman awards held at madrid casino. wore a backless sequinned cocktail dress with a plunging neckline. also unveiled a sharp new bob haircut. presented mexican actress salma hayek, 48, with an award. royal is recently returned from copenhagen.
mike and susan fortuna, of shelburne, are accusing allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the vermont consumer fraud act in treating their daughter, mandy fortuna. mandy, 21, died last year after being treated off-label with botox for cerebral palsy .
the items were from the collection of 'dean of american crafts' allen eaton and were slated for public auction on friday at rago auction house in lambertville, new jersey. star trek actor george takei and a group called the heart mountain wyoming foundation helped stop the sale of the items. the collection includes 63 photos of people of japanese descent who were imprisoned in internment camps.
five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants in south africa. police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs clashed with vigilantes. more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station in johannesburg. violence started two weeks ago in durban and has spread to other parts of the country.
mackenzie moretter, of shakopee, minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called sotos syndrome that has delayed her development. her parents sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not rsvp. her mother went on facebook and asked families with girls mackenzie's age to celebrate her daughter's tenth birthday. more than 700 people joined a facebook event titled'mackenz's birthday party'    mack mckenzie's mother said she is often by herself on the playground, saying that 'kids don't want to play with her'
newington college in sydney's inner west notified parents and students of child sex abuse allegations dating back 35 years. headmaster david mulford sent an email to parents and former students ahead of a pending court case. it comes after the principal of st ignatius' college riverview sent a letter to its old boys last month. dr mulford said the allegations relate to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago. the school is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic abuse allegations.
the claims were made by kgi securities analyst ming-chi kuo during a note to investors. he said the next-generation iphone will feature force touch, recently added to the apple watch and new macbook. this suggests the next model could be a substantial improvement on the 6s. it follows rumours that a 4-inch version of the 6 is in development to replace the 5c.
the research was carried out by the charity medical detection dogs and carried out in milan. two dogs sniffed the urine of 900 men and found prostate cancer in 98.7 per cent of cases. prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the uk, with 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
teresa swarbrick died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water off the coast of byron bay in nsw. the mother of two was caught in strong currents and was pulled from the water. her husband alan has posted a heartbreaking tribute to his wife on facebook.
richard graham is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester. he faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey order by the high court to take down the tweets. mp accused of posting tweets to 'ingratiate himself' with voters by 'whipping up local feeling'   zac evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in glouricester in january.
palaeontologists led by scott persons believe they can tell males and females apart from certain tail bones. paleontologists at the university of alberta examined fossils of small feathered male dinosaurs. they say that the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail. the researchers suspect that male oviraptorosaurs shook their tail feathers in intricate displays to woo potential mates.
rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland, florida in september 2013. two schoolmates, katelyn roman, 12, and guadalupe shaw, 13, were arrested for allegedly bullying her. polk county sheriff's office said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment'   but the charges were dropped when police were unable to find evidence of harassment. one of the girls has now filed a lawsuit against sheriff grady judd and deputy jonathan mckinney, accusing them of using rebecca's death for'media attention'
miss wendy's false mouth trick stunned judges and viewers on britain's got talent on saturday night. broadcasting regulator ofcom received 21 complaints over the act and itv received 35. it is believed the dog had a fake jaw and viewers said it was 'cruel' to the dog. but ventriloquist marc métral insisted the dog 'loves performing'   the rspca said it would be contacting the dog's owner to ascertain what methods were used to perform the trick.
men accused of being assad agents, working for the syrian government, say islamic state. new video shows men kneeling in the middle of a road in deir ez-zor, syria, being beheaded. it comes just one day after extremist group claimed to have beheaded more than 30 ethiopian christians in libya.
well known spanish band from catalonia, called sidonie, sang impromptu song on a ryanair flight to santiago de compostela. the group composed the song after experiencing a 'lack of respect' from flight attendants. the band posted the video to facebook and youtube, and it has been viewed over 24,000 times. but ryan air said the lyrics are 'average' and'more like sit down mate'   the band said the song was dedicated to the 'irritable airline'
claudetteia love, a senior and one of the top students at carroll high in monroe, was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends. principal patrick taylor told love that the decision was dress-code related and that she shouldn't take it personally. a petition was started and signed by faculty members to allow love to wear a tuxedo. love's mother believes taylor is 'taking his values and throwing them' on her daughter because she's a lesbian.
myanmar's newly-built capital city of naypyidaw is shrouded in secrecy after the government moved the capital from yangon a decade ago. the city was built mainly for government staff and has a reported population of 924,000. the streets are barren and only a handful of people are spotted walking the streets. foreigners and investors aren't keen to visit the secluded city and foreign aid workers prefer to commute to the capital daily.
noelle reno is former fiancee of businessman scot young who fell 60ft from his west london home last year. she confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before his death.    she labels his death a'suicide' despite inquest into cause of his death not yet being concluded.  mr young was killed after falling from her fourth-floor flat window onto railings below.
preston wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, sarah owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman, oklahoma . owen was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated .
stay in cornwall has reassured swimmers that the water is fine off the uk's coastline. recent surge in jellyfish numbers has prompted tourism group to reassure swimmers. not all jellyfish found off uk beaches can sting humans. nhs advises people to look but not touch jellyfish and to use shaving cream to treat a sting.
julie walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted official to dupe elderly victims. she was caught by police after she was spotted on cctv loitering in communal hall of sheltered housing complex. she posed as a council warden and a church official to steal from residents. walters admitted three counts of burglary at manchester’s minshull street crown court.   an 80-year-old man and an 81- year-old woman were fleeced in two separate attacks.
the attempted break-in took place in pemberton, a suburb of wigan in greater manchester. police have appealed for the public to help identify the two robbers. the robbers fled on motorbikes after a shop worker barricaded the door to the premises.
people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (rbd) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams. up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition, a study found. about half of those with rbd will develop parkinson's disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed. it could be an early warning sign of the disease.
the a-listers follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure. femail shows you how to make the most of their style. combine navy and black and go high-waisted to elongate your legs. the duchess of cambridge and victoria beckham are fans of the colour combination.
around 1.3 billion chinese people marked the qingming festival, a three-day holiday in china, by travelling home to their ancestral villages to clean and tidy the graves of their ancestors. a record-breaking 36.5 million passenger trips were made over the public holiday - up 5.8 per cent on last year. as part of the annual 'tomb sweeping festival', chinese mark the start of spring with outdoor celebrations.
air malta passenger jet took the unusual flight path to celebrate the wedding of two of its crew. the couple got married at malta's international airport before the romantic flight. the air malta jet flew in the shape of two giant hearts over the mediterranean. the special flight was to celebrate marriage of one of the airline's pilot to a member of cabin crew.
fire forced hundreds of tourists to be evacuated from warwick castle after cannonball set alight to thatched boathouse. holidaymakers had gathered to watch cannonball fired from wooden trebuchet - the largest working siege machine in the world. sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of the medieval building, causing it to erupt into flames. the thatched building was unoccupied when it became engulfed in fire at about 5.45pm yesterday.
puren was the youngest brother of the final qing monarch puyi, who ruled for four years until 1912. the 96-year-old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in february. he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years. puren was 'almost deaf' and 'couldn't hold a pen'   he was the son of the former emperor, who became emperor in 1908 when he was two-years-old.
surveillance footage shows 40-year-old todd phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down a driver during inaugural indy grand prix of louisiana. dale coyne racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle. he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay. amazingly he only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches. he said that in almost 20 years of being on the track he had never been hit by a race car before.
kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the goring hotel in london. she stayed in the luxury hotel the night before her wedding to william in 2011. the duchess of cambridge made the adorable revelation at a party in march. she said prince george went to the china cabinet to find his father in the cupboards.
mikaela jane davidson was born april 4, less than three months after her father, dr michael davidson, was shot dead at brigham and women's hospital. accountant stephen pasceri, 55, opened fire at the heart surgeon's office at the boston hospital on january 20, killing dr davidson. the father-of-four was looking forward to the birth of his fourth child with his wife, dr. terri halperin, who was seven months pregnant at the time of the shooting. the couple have two daughters, seven and nine, and a son, two.
hbo now is available in the us for $14.99 (£9.90) a month and includes all past, present and future hbo programming. it will be available on apple tv set-top box, iphone and ipad from three months exclusively. it comes ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12. the company has not yet revealed whether hbo now will be rolled out internationally.
shadow welsh secretary owen smith expressed regret that the party cannot ‘get rid’ of the trident nuclear deterrent. around three quarters of labour candidates back scrapping trident. replacing the deterrent with a ‘like for like’ system would cost around £100bn.
mr miliband's party has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month. only a third of the public see the labour leader as a 'capable leader'    only a quarter think he would be 'good in a crisis'  but two-thirds of public say the pm isn't in touch with their lives. ukip has fallen three points and is now languishing on 10 per cent.
obama is in jamaica to meet the 15-member caribbean community bloc to discuss energy and security. the u.s. president is the first president to visit kingston in three decades. the museum was home to marley until his death in 1981 and was converted into a museum.
chrissy teigen proudly showed off her stretch marks on instagram. singer pink hit back at critics who criticised her weight at a charity event. kelly clarkson and lena dunham have also spoken out about their natural bodies.    pink jokingly referred to herself as 'cheesecake'
british fighter hamza parvez, 22, still hasn't found a wife 11 months after travelling to syria to join islamic state. he has been living with a group of unmarried fighters in a house in raqqa, syria. many of his friends have taken to social media to express their frustration at being a bachelor. one of hamza's best friends, abu hamza al-britani, recently moved back to the country to find love.
the australian navy has allegedly returned up to 50 asylum seekers to vietnam in a secret operation. the navy is transporting the detainees via a supply ship currently on stand-by off the coast of vietnamese. the two-week return journey would cost $2.8 million to operate. the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in april and are being returned through the port of vung tau. immigration minister peter dutton said in january that the navy was returning asylum seekers.
bob mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife, maureen, to one year and a day for public corruption. the former virginia gov. was convicted of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company's nutritional supplements. he argued that the favors he did for the businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme.
crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event - a global celebration of cannabis. 16 people were arrested in london, with 16 taken into custody and 21 released on bail. four police officers restrained a man just yards from a police sign reading: 'possession of cannabis is illegal'   campaigners were seen openly smoking marijuana while police officers stood nearby.
protesters clashed with anti-racism activists and reclaim australia supporters in melbourne. police were forced to separate the groups and several people were injured. two people were arrested after attempting to break through a police barricade. 16 rallies were scheduled to take place across australian, but sydney and melbourne drew the biggest crowds. pauline hanson, leader of one nation, defended the anti-islam protests and said imposing halal certification on australians was wrong.
remy dufrene, 3, of raceland, louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door and fell into a drainage ditch tuesday afternoon. remy drowned after falling into the ditch . his father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch. emergency workers on the scene spent almost an hour trying to resuscitate the boy to no avail.
staff at windsor castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties, including giving guided tours, for no extra money. public and commercial services union claims workers earn as little as £14,700 a year. 76 wardens out of 180 at the castle have voted for industrial action in dispute over pay. royal collection trust says action will have 'no effect' on services to visitors.
liam dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but was violently shaken as a four week old baby in 1993. he died at derriford hospital in plymouth, devon, in march last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' after developing cerebral palsy. police are considering manslaughter charges after liam died two decades after being assaulted as a baby. he suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since the assault.
the 40-year-old's son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate. dylan and her husband paul arrouet, 44, are celebrating the birth of their fraternal twins. the couple named their children cooper and kingsley.
tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon, beat rival meron simon by a tenth of a second. he was celebrating his victory at a track meet in eugene, oregon. but he slowed down to celebrate and was overtaken by university of washington's simon. the crowd of more than 3,000 saw pepiots' lead evaporate as he raised his hands in celebration.
between friday and sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the sicilian channel. italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in europe. nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of libya. number of migrants dying in the mediterranean has increased ten-fold this year.
britain increased its aid budget by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion between 2013 and 2014. more than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget. britain's aid budget is now nearly double france's and ten times spain's. a target set by david cameron has left it unable to follow other countries in reducing aid budget .
festival-goers at coachella are at risk of catching diseases like the flu, norovirus, salmonella, hepatitis a, and hepatitis a. medical experts warn that public restrooms at the music festival are a hotbed of bacteria and viruses that can spread quickly. festival-goers also run the risk of contracting infections like hepatitis a and shigellosis.
foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980, but made up 8.7 per cent in 2013. about 50% of black immigrant population hail from the caribbean and 36 per cent come from africa. immigrants from jamaica and haiti make up about a third of the foreign-born black population.
those living in esher and walton paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900.   average income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above the average gross annual salary. other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies include windsor and beaconsfield.
google wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users' funds. currently, funds are not protected by the federal deposit insurance corporation. as a non-banking institution, google wallet is not legally required to be federally insured. funds in wallet balance will now be stored in multiple federally-insured banking institutions. this is good news for users of the mobile transfer service.
iraqi forensic teams began digging up 12 mass graves at saddam hussein's presidential compound in tikrit today. believed to be final resting place of up to 1,700 soldiers killed by isis in camp speicher massacre last summer. the bodies of young army recruits are believed to have been buried in the mass graves.    families have been left wondering what became of their loved ones for 10 months.
afzal khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the us. federal agents fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward for information. the 32-year-old is originally from edinburgh and opened dealership in new jersey in 2013. he appeared on us reality series the real housewives of new jersey and was known as 'bobby'
jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. the 18-year-old casino teenager is less than a day away from raising the majority of $80,000 needed to pay for life-saving surgery. he must raise the money by tuesday night to be operated on. after nine days of campaigning online, jackson is just under $4,000 away from achieving his target.
nicolas diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed to death his granddaughter's ex-boyfriend, kevin rivera, 21, at home in brooklyn, new york. amber diaz and mr rivera had just returned home after celebrating daughter's first birthday party. diaz allegedly intervened after couple got into a dispute at their home in early hours of sunday. he allegedly stabbed his granddaughter, amber, and her former partner with a knife, before fleeing the scene. when medics arrived at the home, they found mmr rivera with a chest wound. he was rushed to woodhull medical center, but was later pronounced dead. suspect turned himself into police on
robert muradeli, 45, was deported from russia in 2011 for breaking immigration laws. he has a russian wife and son and went to live there more than 20 years ago. european court of human rights ruled russia did not breach his right to a family life. mrs may is hoping to stop illegal immigrants and foreign criminals dodging deportation.
police say they are powerless to act because the age of criminal responsibility in england is ten, and the boy is six. the girl's mother says school officials refused to remove the boy from her daughter's class. she has now had to move the girl to a new school and say she feels 'in the wrong'
timothy norris-jones, 59, had previously attacked his mother on two occasions. left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches. he was handed a 20-month jail sentence, suspended for two years, at guildford crown court.
jennie anne kehlet, 49, and raymond keith kehlets, 47, were last seen on march 22 in remote bushland in western australia. police are searching disused mine shafts up to 20 metres deep. the couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a campsite. police have examined an area of 625 square kilometres in search of the couple.
drugs charity re-solv has called on 'role model' footballer raheem sterling to apologise to fans. footage appears to show him apparently inhaling nitrous oxide from a balloon. he is seen smiling and breathing in the gas before apparently passing out. liverpool manager brendan rodgers has said he'll talk to the 20-year-old star.
lawyers warn differences in defamation law in northern ireland mean us expose may not be broadcast by sky atlantic.   it could expose broadcaster to libel claims from david miscavige, the leader of the church, and other prominent scientologists . the alex gibney-directed film was due to premiere in the uk earlier this month. but the decision to postpone or cancel the show could be due to the 2013 defamation act.
kim copeland, 52, was walking home from her local sainsbury’s store in coventry when she threw the cigarette butt on the ground. two council officers came'sprinting' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence. miss copeland was issued with £50 fixed penalty notice but refused to pay it within ten days. after failing to pay she was told to appear at nuneaton magistrates' court and fined £304.
the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. google has been working on similar projects since 2012 with apple battery expert dr ramesh bhardwaj. last month, apple began recruiting for experts to help boost the battery life of its devices.
new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert that'spice', also known as 'k2' or'mojo', is sweeping the city. 160 people have been admitted to hospital in nine days after using the drug. 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week, 120 of them in one week. synthetic marijuana is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana. it is predominantly abused by teenagers and is sold over the counter as incense or potpourri. it has been linked to deaths across the country and left others critically ill.
more than half of uk children don't have any veg and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis. annabel karmel has shared her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables. she says parents should keep trying out new ideas with their children.
director of public prosecutions alison saunders accused of ignoring the rights of victims and failing to clear speculation of a cover-up. campaigners, police chiefs and mps have accused her of ignoring victims' rights. ms saunders ruled not to charge lord janner despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims. she said decision was justified because of his poor health due to alzheimer's disease.
culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield children from easy access to online porn. porn websites will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties. mr javid's pledge is a victory for daily mail's block online porn campaign.
catalina viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots of celebrities' bottoms. she has completed 42 miniature works, which cost up to $90 (£60) each. stars include kim kardashian, katy perry, miley cyrus, rihanna and beyoncé. catalina named each work with just the celebrity's first name.
brand lables andrew chan and myuran sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of indonesia as 'daft'    brand said the australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad. brand urges his nine million twitter followers to sign up to the mercy campaign to save the pair's lives. the pair await their fate on 'execution island' in java.
oxford university women's rowing team beat cambridge to win 161st race. women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at henley. oxford entered the race as favourites and finished more than six lengths ahead of cambridge. the women's team competed alongside the men for the first time.
levar jones, 36, was unarmed and on his way home from work when he was stopped by a police officer. south carolina state trooper sean groubert, 31, fired and charged with felony assault over the shooting. mr jones has no criminal record and was shot in the stomach as he reached for his driver's license. he writhed in agony on the ground saying: 'why did you shoot me sir?'   the victim said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by the death of walter scott, who was killed by police officer last week.
brittany cherokee dawn bell of bartlesville, oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter. baby alice was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head. bell's initial story was that she had put the baby, alice, in a crib and found her dead later on. she then changed her story and said she was worried one of her twins had smothered the baby. bell had her twins taken away from her and the charge of child neglect was pursued over homicide.
high-flyer and close ally of nick clegg is on course to lose his seat to the scottish nationalists. he would be one of the highest-profile casualties of snp surge in scotland. lib dem danny alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his treasury post in a second coalition.
dutch and canadian scientists found people felt happier and more relaxed while eating at home or at work. about a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal. people felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises.
frisis pusok, 30, is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing after chase through california desert. seconds later, deputies stun him with taser, before beating him in the head and crotch . san bernardino county sheriff john mcmahon has placed 10 deputies on paid administrative leave. he said the video, captured by nbc helicopter, appeared to show 'excessive use of force' of officers.
uk-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers around the world. gang made up to £60,000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs to unsuspecting customers. it was a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise'   money was transferred through more than 100 bank accounts both in the uk and abroad.   the gang used a series of 'front' companies pretending to be a fishing tackle business.
kentucky's churchill downs has banned the use of selfie sticks at its annual kentucky derby. the track hosts the 141st running of the derby on may 2. it joins a growing list of museums, music festivals and sports venues around the world that have banned the devices. a spokesman for the track said that the ban is a safety measure to protect the horses and the crowd. other events including coachella and lollapalooza music festivals also have banned selfie sticks.
elena udrea, 41, is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government. the former tourism minister is also accused of abusing her power while a government minister. she was investigated over claims she accepted bribes worth an estimated £1.3 million. the politician finished fourth in the country's presidential election in 2008. she has strongly denied any wrongdoing and accuses anti-corruption officials of being biased.
new generation of wipes promises to remove eyeliner and mascara and brighten skin. face wipes have been part of our beauty regime for years but there are new range of wipes. radiance pads promise to retexturise andbrighten skin and do away with fine lines and age spots.
the goodfellas star, 71, has been a long-time supporter of the democratic party. said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be 'no surprises'   he said cliton has 'paid her dues' and insisted she has 'earned the right' to be elected.
yale university researchers at yale university have documented subtle differences in sentence structure across the us. their interactive map allows you to click on a location to hear common phrases for each state. from 'this glass needs washed' to 'you are so in the doghouse', every state has a different set of phrases.
abdul hadi arwani, 48, was lured to upmarket street in london on the pretence of providing a quote for building work. but when the imam arrived, killer climbed into the back of his volkswagen passat and shot him. he was a fierce critic of syrian president bashar al-assad, who was killed on the orders of the regime.
britt mchenry, a sports reporter for espn, has been suspended for one week after video of her offensive rant at a towing company in arlington, virginia. the 28-year-old had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant. she berated an advanced towing employee for her looks, education and job. she was warned she was being filmed and told to 'lose some weight'  mchenry has since apologized for her actions, but espn are yet to comment on the incident.
swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in aberdeen. a 'q' was also added to the blue front door of the building. ross thomson, a scottish conservative councillor, posted images of the graffiti on twitter. it comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced in run up to referendum.
lawrencium was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist ernest lawrence. it currently sits at the bottom of the periodic table at the end of a separate block from the main table. but researchers have measured the ionisation potential of the element for the first time. the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium and should be placed in the main periodic table.
secret police were sent to wales to spy on members of nationalist groups movement for the defence of wales and the free wales army. prime minister harold wilson was convinced terrorists would target prince charles at caernarfon castle ceremony. the prince was invested as heir to the throne on july 1, 1969. files show police officers were sent in lead-up to ceremony to join fight against extremists.
birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of memphis street in wylam around 8:45 a.m. on sunday. the suspect was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed in the back of a police car. he drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th avenue where he abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot. the 28-year-old suspect was taken back into police custody just a block away.
the map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013. the democratic republic of congo was found to have the most over the period. the highest amounts of lightning occurs in the far eastern democratic republic and lake maracaibo in northwestern venezuela. according to the satellite observations, lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans.
former prime minister kevin rudd and his wife therese rein have sold their family home in brisbane's east for $1.14 million. the tropical queenslander home sold for over three times the asking price. the couple bought the property for $384,000 in 1994. the house was snatched up by applied economics professor uwe dulleck, who already owns a home in the area. the rudd's paid $116,000 less than another couple who bought the home five months earlier.
ryan skivington from staining took the pets out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother. 26-year-old boxer from blackpool admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs. he also admitted assaulting his former partner bobbi jo houston at her home.
the eco experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals . the maps were designed by london-based the eco experts using the world bank's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures. indonesia's rainforests are home to 12 per cent of mammal species in the world . madagascar is second, with 114 endangered mammals, while mexico sits in third with 101.
dee dee' spence, 24, lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by neighbor precious richardson coleman, 29, who believed spence was trying to steal her boyfriend. spence's uncle, damon watson, 37, was also struck and seriously injured in the incident. colewoman turned herself in to police saturday and faces two charges of attempted murder. spence's mother, danika, ran out of the house to help her daughter, leaving unattended food cooking on the stove, which triggered a housefire.
monsour alshammari, 27, is in the u.s. on a saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family. he was arrested on friday at the border near san diego and is set to be extradited back to utah. he faces charges related to the rape of a student in february.
rupert brooke's poem the soldier made him famous outside of literary circles. in 2000, love letters between brooke and phyllis gardner were discovered as well as her secret memoir of their relationship. the second i saw you is a chronological narrative of the love story.
providenciales, in turks and caicos, was named the best island in the world by tripadvisor users. maui in hawaii and roatan in honduras were named second and third best islands. santorini in greece and ko tao in thailand were also named best islands in europe. jersey, a british crown dependency, has been named the sixth best island of the islands.
amanda butler, 42, had a normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks. her son callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin. doctors feared he would not survive after he was born severely premature. she was later told his premature labour was triggered by bacterial vaginosis. bv is a common infection that affects one in three women and is twice as common as thrush. mrs butler had never heard of the condition and was shocked to be told it caused her son's premature birth.
sarah hulbert, 59, worked for bates college president a. clayton spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012. claims she was treated differently from her male co-workers and was fired for having 'no pizzazz'   spencer 'expected plaintiff to engage in activities with the president, such as running, tennis lessons and watching 'chick flicks'
a hat-trick in the london press club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper. the mail on sunday beat sunday times and independent on sunday to the award. ben ellery's report on ed miliband's feminist t-shirts earned a scoop of the year nomination.
kim rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters with sausage rolls at a party event in southampton itchen. he was questioned over allegations of bribing voters but will face no further action. mr rose, who is standing in a marginal seat, was questioned by police over 'treating'   he took in a packet of jaffa cakes to poke fun at the investigation - but officers refused to accept the treats. he branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous' and said he believes the furore could help him win his seat.
images were captured by dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away. show that two bright spots on dwarf planet's surface have different thermal properties. previously thought they could be 'water volcanoes' but new images show they are not. could be caused by different materials or structure.
madonna's new mock croc 'dealer' handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan. the pop legend shared a picture of her new bag on instagram. rihanna was spotted carrying two gun-themed bags last year. rumer willis and grayson perry have also carried controversial bags.
cathleen hackney, 56, is on trial at stoke-on-trent crown court accused of lying about her son's cremation. she allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections to the cremation of paul moreland. hackney is alleged to have told the directors her ex-husband paul barber would have objected. no-one attended the early morning cremation in december 2010 without his knowledge, court heard. hackneys denies two counts of making a false representation and signing false certificates.
trinity culley secretly watched baby-birthing programme after her mother told her it was too graphic. 10-year-old used knowledge she gained from one born every minute to deliver her baby sister at home. her mother dee culley's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule. trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mother everything would be okay.
the youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive, langley park, as usual on sunday evening. but when she went to retrieve it the following morning, it had disappeared. police in maryland are hunting for a 'heartless' thief who stole the boy's wheelchair.
alexandra allen, 17, from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria. it is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world. showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath trigger burning inflammation. alexandra first realized she had the condition after developing hives in a hot tub.
three men accused of murder were shot in the head at point-blank range by taliban fighters on a barren hilltop in eastern afghanistan. men were sat with their backs turned away from the gunmen, as a huge crowd - including children - watched. the men were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery in the eastern province of ghanzi. it came as at least 33 people have been killed and 100 injured in a suicide bomb attack in jalalabad.
tony hatch and jackie trent wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars. but he was banned from her funeral last month after she died of cancer aged 74. second husband colin gregory says she never forgave hatch for the infidelity that ended their marriage. hatch and trent were married for more than three decades and wrote 400 songs together.
a mother and ten ducklings were spotted trying to cross the busy high street in sutton coldfield, west midlands. staff at recruitment company midas recruitment helped them across the road. the ducks followed them back to the office and drank from the water bowl. they stayed for an hour in the office, wondering the corridors and drinking from the bowls.
jason mcdonald, 34, from aurora, colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more than 50 alligators at the colorado gator farm. he has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes. crematory manager mr mcdonald has been volunteering at the farm for 10 years.
primatologists working in ntokou-pikounda national park captured the first ever picture of the bouvier's red colobus monkey. the monkey was thought to have died out more than 50 years ago and was only known from three specimens. the primate was discovered in the remote rain forests of congo. it was first discovered in 1887 and was believed to have been extinct. researchers hope to study the monkey to learn more about it.
the newly-opened maison souquet is the most provocative hotel in paris. located steps from the moulin rouge, the 20-room property is a 'temple to hedonism'   the celestial spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of'stars' and can be booked out for private use. all of the rooms are designed by jacques garcia and feature plush velvet and gold accents.
farryn johnson has said the baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights. an arbitrator determined johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination. she was fired from a maryland hooters in 2013 and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling.
officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered after cases of the h5n1 virus were identified in telangana, india. the bird flu can be deadly in humans and killed nearly 400 people in 2005-2006. india has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006.
scientists in china are said to have carried out a study on gene editing of human embryos. a scientific paper is yet to be published but it is rumoured to have been published. any changes made to the dna of the human embryo can be passed on to future generations. many scientists have reacted with horror at the idea, fearing it could be used to create 'designer babies' but others say it could also be used for cancer treatment.
new wi-fi calling feature is designed to facilitate calls and texts when there is no mobile phone signal. ee network users will be able to make calls and send texts automatically when connected to the internet. technology is the first roll out of the technology throughout europe.    users on ee's phone will find the feature in the settings app of their phone.
ruben costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force, but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence. the northern territory man returned home to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions. costa pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone, claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers. the taxi company located his wife and son at a women’s refuge.
khloe, 30, has lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to intense exercise regime. recently revealed she's overhauled her look and hair colouring regime. she is now showcasing a flawless face and blonde hair. khloe has been showing off her new look on instagram.
officer jared forsyth, 33, had been a member of the ocala police department since 2012. the accidental shooting occurred at a gun range at the lowell correctional institution on monday. was wearing a bulletproof vest, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest. was rushed to hospital in critical condition and taken into surgery, but he later died from his injuries.
jessica kensky and patrick downes lost a leg each in the boston marathon attack. they oppose the death penalty for dzhokar tsarnaev and urge others to 'overcome the impulse for vengeance'    the family of eight-year-old boy martin richard, who was killed in the blast, also wrote an op-ed calling for life in prison rather than death. tsarnaev is on trial for the attack and a jury will decide whether to sentence him to death or life without parole.
in the summer of 2014 she started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath. turns out the 30-year-old singer was suffering from lyme disease. she was bedridden for five months - and was out of the public eye . the singer told abc news on thursday that she had a hard time getting diagnosed for the disease.  'i was up against a lot of doctors that told me i was crazy and that my problems didn't exist'    yolanda foster of the real housewives of beverly hills and eighties pop icon debbie gibson also have the illness.
aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from january to the end of march compared to 3 per cent growth for waitrose. aldi now has market share of 5.3 per cent of the market, up from 4.6 per cent. it now lags behind only the 'big four' and the co-operative.
chrissy teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to instagram showing off bruises on her legs. since then hundreds of other women have shared pictures of their own stretch marks. the model and chef is promoting the #loveyourlines campaign on the social media site. the campaign encourages women to embrace their stretch marks and body.
natalia moon learned filipino language tagalog to score a role on sitcom ismol family. the darwin woman moved to the philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in australia. the 23-year-old became fluent in the local language in the hope of becoming a star. she landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid in the new sitcom 'ismol family' she is nominated for outstanding breakthrough performance by an actress at the golden screen tv awards.
proposal put forward by experts at nhs health scotland, the scottish government’s health promotions agency. it says more action is needed to tackle the ‘continuing problem’ of ‘hazardous alcohol consumption in young people’ move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences. if introduced it would mean legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in scottland than it is in the rest of britain, where it is 18.
gabrielle yinka saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000 wedding and £5,000 honeymoon. she was arrested at heathrow when she returned from honeymoon but was spared jail.    she was convicted of fraud twice before her latest offence - and was jailed for a £35,000 fraud in 2007. but she started a new job as personal assistant at insight investments in june last year.
michelle manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police at valdosta state university, georgia. she refused to release flag from campus protesters who were trampling on it. manhart came to campus because she heard students were walking on the flag. she was a former training sergeant who was demoted after appearing nude in playboy in 2007.
princess eugenie, 25, looked casually chic in charcoal leather-trim coat and nike hoodie. is currently working in new york for the past year working for an online auction house. recently celebrated her 25th birthday at st james's palace.
narcocon, a church of scientology-affiliated drug rehab network, is trying to prove that a patch of land near camp david is historic enough to build a center for 12 patients. lawyers say that trout run, a property in frederick county, maryland, has historic significance because president herbert hoover once caught a fish at the site. a real estate company bought trout run for $4.85million in 2013 and has been trying to change its land designation to allow narconon to build the center. current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land classify it for resource conservation and do not permit any medical use. though narcocon says that it is
the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps over portland rock, an island off the coast of weymouth, dorset, on sunday by photographer jack davies. the trio of bikers were professional trial bike riders jack gear, 25, andrei burton, 29, and joe seddon, 19. last year they cycled over london landmarks for a promotional video.
marc macrae was election agent for snp’s westminster leader angus robertson. he said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. mr macraes is now backing tory candidate douglas ross, a local councillor, to oust angus. he was diagnosed with prostate cancer and has undergone two operations.
fantasy café is one of the first establishments in china to start charging an 'air-purifying fee'   a label is put on every table to alert customers about the surcharge which costs 11p per person. café hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue facing china.
students at melbourne high school st peter's college were drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler for more than a year. the bubbler was connected to an outdoor drinking fountain at the school. although it is the highest quality of recycled water, the water is not considered acceptable for consumption. the students would have been at a greater risk of contracting gastroenteritis or diarrhoea. the drinking fountain was shut down on april 1 and is no longer in use.
housing bosses have given kingston road in stockton a makeover in anticipation of new series of benefits street. residents claim housing bosses are trying to perpetuate a false image of the area. latest series of the channel 4 documentary is set to air in the coming weeks. last series split opinion with many accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism'   stockton-on-tees council and thirteen group deny the works were planned with the release of the show in mind.
tabitha anne bennett allegedly drove her daughter to fight another girl in new port richey, florida. two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones. bennett was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery. she claimed the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter. she allegedly encouraged her daughter, 13, to fight the girl and then kicked her.
louisiana state university students harrison coogan, hunter coker, carson buckner and carson barber were driving a trailer with an expired tag.    they told police they were heading to gulf shores for spring break celebrations. more than 100 cases of beer, five cases of corona and a five-litre box of franzie white zinfandel were confiscated. deputies also found ten litres of vodka, tequila, rum, rum and whiskey.
matt pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year. the juniors from waupaca, michigan, were photographed holding a sign that read:'real friends don't count chromosomes' at their junior prom.
jenna louise driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. she fronted brisbane court on saturday for failing to appear on april 7. the 25-year-old lashed out at a photographer and hit him over the head with a plastic bottle. she told him to 'f--k off' after fronting the court. police found the videos of her allegedly having sex with a dog while investigating text messages on her mobile phone.
lib dem leader promised to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction, with cuts to welfare and whitehall budgets. car tax would rise by £25-a-year but he scaled back plans for a mansion tax. mr clegg set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion in public spending reductions and a £3billion cut from welfare. but he mocked george osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found from welfare budget. he warned it was 'quite simply impossible' to find savings without causing'real pain to millions of families'
robert kirkland died on saturday morning in union city, tennessee, from kidney failure complications. he founded the home decor stores with his cousin carl in 1966 and expanded the chain. donated the money to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in tenn tennessee.
iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location for fantasy, sci-fi and action films. the island nation has been used in productions as far back as 1920. game of thrones, interstellar and prometheus are just a few of the films to feature in iceland. iceland's most powerful waterfall, the dettifoss, was used in the opening scenes of interstellar.
robyn exton is the founder of dattch a dating app for lesbians. how to be a young billionaire follows three british entrepreneurs looking for investment in san francisco. josh buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app minomonsters. julia fessess is a child prodigy who sold a business for six million dollars.
melbourne man sharky jama has reportedly been killed in syria while fighting with islamic state. his father, dada jama, confirmed his death to sbs radio. the former model-turned-jihadist was shot dead after joining the front lines last year. his family were told of the news via a text message and phone call. the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm sharky's death. he reportedly fled to syria with his friend to join the terror group.
marie csaszar, 45, died after a 10-year battle with a brain tumour. her widower paul believes she was 'bullied' by bbc management towards the end of her life. bbc has refused to hand over the work emails of the mother-of-two to her husband. he believes they will prove she was forced out of the bbc after drawing attention to management blunders.
glenn ford, 65, was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release from prison in angola last year. he was accused of shooting isadore rozeman, a jeweler, in 1983 and was sent to death row in 1984. marty stroud, 63, visited ford at his louisiana home last week to apologize for putting him behind bars for 30 years for the murder. ford was too weak to stand and told stroud that he could not forgive him for what he had done.
social media platforms have exploded with images of bright yellow tributes and pictures of wedding dresses in honour of murder victim stephanie scott. more than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for the high school teacher on social media as the nation mourns her tragic murder. police found a body, believed to be the 26-year-old, at a nsw national park on friday night. ms scott's sister kim scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic to 'wear yellow' in memory of her sister.
paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. 47-year-old man released from bail conditions after he provided information to detectives. miss lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in north yorkshire in march 2009. she was last seen on march 18, 2009 and was reported missing by her father peter.
rona fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year as a director of hsbc. two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her. there are claims that bank's swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman.
chris sussman, executive editor for comedy, says bbc is extra-wary about causing offence. jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved, he said. some jokes even have to be looked over by director general lord hall before airing. strict rules come after a 'difficult few years' following the sachsgate scandal.
labour candidate tulip siddiq was at the kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of bangladesh. she is standing for labour in hampstead and was photographed alongside putin and sheikh hasina. but the tories accused her of trying to conceal her links to putin two years ago.
julian assange has put 170,000 emails and documents from the sony pictures hack into a searchable online archive. he says the information belongs in the public domain because it shows the inner workings of an international company. assange claims that the documents show sony has links to the democratic party and the american'military industrial complex' the data dump comes after november's massive hack which has already cost the company $100 million. sony condemned the release of the information saying it was a'malicious criminal act'
microsoft co-founder paul allen this week unveiled 'vulcan aerospace', which will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems. project is to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres)   the plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from earth.   it is on track to make its first test flight in 2016 and is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to 13,500lbs (6,124 kg)
daisy, 26, models leather and heavy eye make-up in edgy new beauty shoot for rodial. was chosen by the brand last year to promote their contouring range. she was chosen for her'modern, cool and quintessentially british edge' has been partying at coachella with friends.
grant allen, 38, of harlow, essex, travelled first class around the world with his girlfriend, gaynor godwin. bought holiday home on costa del sol, spain, using money from mortgage fraud scam. stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010. allen ordered to pay back £491,000 as the proceeds of crime after being jailed for six years.
jason cotterill, 42, threatened to post a sex video of his jilted lover's 18-year-old daughter on her facebook page. he was jailed for 12 weeks at birmingham magistrates' court after being found guilty of harassment. victim said her life became a 'living 'hell' after he sent explicit photo of her to her daughter. he sent messages over the internet, threatening to post video of her on the mother's facebook page . she reported him to facebook but the social media site did not take action and he was banned from contacting her again. the mother, a former sex worker, said she considered suicide after the abuse.
the mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people, and has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence. queensland police patrol the caravan park daily due to the extreme level of violence. police have labelled the conditions of the gold coast caravan park 'horrific'   ambulance officers will now only enter the park under police protection.
the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home. father rodney todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in november. todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home. the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the ella fitzgerald auditorium at the university of maryland eastern shore.
lisa erspamer's new book a letter to my mom is filled with letters of love and gratitude for the writers' mothers. celebs such as melissa rivers, christy turlington burns, shania twain, will.i.am, and shania    and sharah ferguson have all penned letters for the book.
fanuc cr-35ia claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with human factory workers. it uses integrated vision technology to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches them. the robot can lift up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries. it's designed to work alongside humans without the need for safety fences.
victorino chua wrote a 'bitter nurse confession' in which he said he might 'explode' at any time, manchester crown court hears.    chua is accused of killing three patients at stepping hill hospital in stockport and deliberately poisoning 18 others. he wrote about 'a devil in me', going'straight to hell' and being 'an evil person' in 13-page note found at his home after arrest.
marcia eisenhour awarded more than $270,000 to former justice court judge craig storey. storey wrote in 2007, 'i'd love to harvest your sweet grapes' and called her the'most gorgeous thing alive' storey was a judge for weber county justice court from 1984 until 2010. he was found liable for $240,000 of the damages.
princess beatrice has been seen at the bahrain grand prix, her fourth holiday in a month. the 26-year-old was with her long-term boyfriend dave clark, according to an onlooker. she was with the crown prince, whose regime has been accused of repressing pro-democracy activists. she has not had a job since before christmas and is described as 'working full-time' on her father's website.
indianara carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore' her virginity after winning miss bumbum contest in 2014. she posted snap of her naked body painted with image of virgin mary to her instagram account. accompanied photo with the phrase: 'good friday. lord, on this day i ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength' attracted more than 750 'likes' from her followers over its sacrilegious nature.
lee thompson co-founded the flash pack, a small group flashpacking tour company, to capture the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter in southeast asia. in vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters and only a few million cars.
claudia martins, 33, was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy'    she was convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. martins was sentenced to a two year community order with supervision requirements at winchester crown court. she was cleared of murder but convicted of suffocating her newborn baby daughter.
kurt ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players at nyack college. facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment and one count of sexual abuse. he was fired from his job as women's college softball coach at christian school last month.
gloria ross, 84, spent 30 years in the national health service as a nurse and was found with a distorted face. she was visited by grandson at whipps cross hospital, north east london, and told she was 'just tired'   nurses said mrs ross was ‘just tired’ and told her senior nurse was “on a break’    she was finally assessed by a doctor an hour later but never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later.
ell arthur olander was found dead at his home in rural minneapolis with his hands tied behind his back. police say he was found covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked. mr olander lived alone in a home and was a'stand-up person' and a role model. police have offered a $1,000 reward for information which could lead to an arrest.
the winning punter comes from mittagong in southern new south wales. he discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening. the man said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win. he said he had 'butterflies in his stomach' after reading the winning numbers. two entries won the first division share of oz lotto's $40 million jackpot draw.
vijaya gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ‘unchecked’ because it did not recognise the scale of the problem. she said twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse. study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on twitter.
thugs kicked off wing mirrors and smashed windscreens at la marina auto sales in dearborn heights, michigan. owner freddy ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work after easter break. police have launched a manhunt for the trio who caused thousands of dollars worth of damage.
kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her rapist  asadullah. known only by the name gulnaz, she was sentenced to two years in prison for 'adultery by force'   she married her rapist because she didn't want to ruin her daughter's life in afghan capital's 'traditional' society. now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry him so her daughter could live a shame-free life.
canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were told their workplace was being closed and moved to melbourne. dfat is planning to cut 500 jobs by june. the department has reprimanded the staff member responsible for the prank. it comes as the department plans to cut up to 500 jobs.
megan huntsman, 40, was today given six terms of five years to life in prison after pleading guilty to murdering six of her children. her estranged husband darren west found the bodies of seven babies in her utah garage. one of the babies was stillborn - and huntsman strangled the rest. huntsman was a meth addict and admitted to killing the newborns after they were born. she was found guilty of the murders in april last year and pleaded guilty to the murders. her mother and two daughters are standing by her as she is sentenced today.
former playboy model annette edwards holds the record for the world's biggest rabbit. darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st. he is set to lose his title to his son, jeff, who is already 3ft 8in long. the giant rabbits follow a strict daily diet of carrots, apples and cabbage leaves.
passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync at san francisco international airport. both aircrafts' wheels touch the tarmac at the same time as they approach the runway. the two planes are landing on adjacent runways at the airport. the video was captured by a passenger on one of the planes.
cpl. burt hazeltine, 36, was directing traffic on us 90 near louisiana street in the town of paradis, suburban new orleans, when he was shot three times in the face, elbow and eye. suspect paul devillier, 56, was arrested after a brief 'tussle' with police. hazeltin was in stable but guarded condition at interim lsu hospital. he was allegedly shot after he refused to stop traffic and allow the suspect to make a turn. one of the bullets reportedly penetrated his lung and he is at risk of losing his sight in one eye.
zeus, a german shepherd, was honored in a grand procession in connecticut on wednesday by the ridgefield police department. the 11-year-old retired k-9 officer was honored before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health. the dog served eight years in the force and assisted with more than 250 narcotics arrests.
tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate. u.s. beauty industry employs a million people and is worth £17 bn. but there is no scientific proof that they make you look better. marianne tries the treatment at a hale clinic in london.
shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' after promising to cut deficit every year. david cameron has pledged to increase nhs spending by £8billion a year by 2020. labour leader ed miiband preparing to unveil party's manifesto in manchester this morning.
the unidentified woman from greenpoint, brooklyn, was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage. she walked on to new york city's kosciuszko bridge and climbed over the railing and stood on a section of metal piping 125 feet above newtown creek. police officers spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down. she agreed to be rescued after police officers spoke to her about her daughter. a witness said the woman is a 44-year-old polish mother-of-one who was going through a divorce with her husband.
fiona cullum, 25, provided a safe haven for hassan hussain and yassin james after they gunned down sabrina moss. nursery teacher was out celebrating her 24th birthday when she was shot dead in street in kilburn, london. cullum sheltered men and lied to officers when quizzed after he was arrested over the murder. she was today handed a suspended sentence for harbouring and lying to police.
annegret raunigk, 65, from berlin, already has 13 children - the oldest of which is 44-year-old daughter. she is set to become the oldest woman ever to give birth to quadruplets. the primary school teacher from germany already has seven grandchildren. she previously made headlines when she gave birth to her youngest child aged 55.
prince charles wrote a letter to hayley okines's grieving parents calling her 'an inspiration to millions'   more than 250 mourners gathered at all saints church in sidley, bexhill-on-sea, east sussex, for her funeral. charles described 17-year-old progeria sufferer as 'an inspiring to millions',    charles' letter was read at hayley's funeral by father michael bailey at the church this afternoon.
pest control company mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot louie the fly. it linked its product to '#putyourdressout', a widely shared hashtag in support of stephanie scott. the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive. it has since been removed, and apologised for any offence caused.
los angeles-based hyperkin has designed a case that adds the directional arrows, plus the a and b buttons from the game boy to an iphone. it was originally an april fool's joke, but demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it. called smart boy, the attachment also lets gamers play their existing game boy and game boy color games cartridges on their phone. the case was created by independent video game hardware developers.
yaakov naumi was raised in an ultra orthodox jewish home in bnei brak and educated in an orthodox school. he grew up in a haredi community and trained as a photojournalist. his photographs show the rituals and ceremonies performed by his community in a series of images. they include a man lying in a grave to prolong life, a chicken being walked on a string and men tying a rope to a bride. naumi, 32, grew up and was educated in israel and admits that some of the rituals 'look strange' to an outsider.
davion navar henry only, 16, has been adopted by his old caseworker, connie bell going, and her family in florida. davion captured hearts in 2013 when he made a plea for a family to 'love him forever' at his church. he had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. he was adopted by a minister in ohio but sent back into the foster care system after a fight with one of the other children.
matt stopera misplaced his iphone in new york city and it ended up in the hands of li hongjun in southeastern china. stopera had lost his phone and it was not erased properly. li had received the phone as a gift and began taking pictures of it. the photos ended up on stopera's phone and his story got a lot of attention online. the 'lost-phone-found-friend' saga generated more than 75 million clicks. li invited stopera to visit china and the pair became friends.
malijah grant, 1, was taken off life support on saturday after she was shot in the head in a drive-by shooting outside seattle. malijah was sitting in the back of a silver chevy impala with her parents up front when around 5 shots were fired thursday afternoon. police say the girl was brain dead and was taken to a seattle hospital. two male suspects are now being sought by police. police don't believe the shooting was random and initially believed it was a road rage incident.
godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme world have your say after tweeting about never having seen the films. he said darth vader listens to rap music and said the films are anti-women and anti-gay. bbc apologised and admitted the guest was a 20-year-old who had never seen star wars.
kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 ur116, which is due to pass by the moon in 2017. it was spotted on april 19 last year near the russian-finnish border. researchers used camera footage to recreate its trajectory and create a computer model. it compared the orbit of annama meteorite with the evolution of a dozen orbits of near-earth asteroids.
deputy pm said control of department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal. michael gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year's cabinet reshuffle. mr clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battle against 'ideological gimmicks' of gove. lib dems have sought to claim the mantle as the party of education.
kelly nash, 25, went missing from his georgia home january 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing. left the house without his wallet, id card or keys to his truck. fisherman found his badly decomposed body in lake lanier a month later. nash suffered a gunshot wound and drowned, according to officials.
human of new york photographer shared a photo of a ny resident with the unfortunate name of beyoncé. the photo has gone viral on facebook with thousands of comments from people who share a celebrity name. beyonce says she hates her name because it 'always draws attention' to her.
bernard, 53, will depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister. bernard has served quietly as social secretary since february 2011 and is also the first gay man to hold the position. michelle obama said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team'   the white house did not name a replacement and did not explain why he was leaving. he stumbled into politics in the early '90s while waiting tables in los angeles.
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the u.s. census bureau.  47.6 percent of. women ages 15 to 44 are childless, up from 46.5 percent in 2012.    for women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent of the population was childless last year. the childlessness rate for women in their thirties increased but did not break records.
chris roberts of one world labs was yanked off his plane after his plane landed in syracuse, new york, on wednesday. he was questioned for four hours by fbi agents and two uniformed officers. agents confiscated his laptop and thumb drives and took files from him. he works for a security intelligence company and has been featured in fox news reports.
jean-marie le pen, 87, is honorary president of the far-right france's national front party. he said nazi gas chambers were 'a detail of history' in an interview earlier this week. his daughter marine, leader of the front nationale, is furious at his extreme views. but mr le pen has refused to step down from his position as honorary president. he has now said his daughter'may want me dead' and that she must not count on his co-operation.
cle 'bone' sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of suge knight's truck outside a burger stand in january. knight is accused of murdering terry carter, 55, and trying to murder sloan. but sloan told the court that he does not remember the specifics of the incident. told court he 'will not be used to send knight to prison'   knight claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt. knight came to court last week strapped to a wheelchair and is being held on $25million bail.
loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via instagram account howheasked.com and instagram website. the couples share their proposal moments via the website and    alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories.
kaden lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in bremerton, washington, on march 28. two weeks later, the kitsap sun printed a political cartoon about gun culture. it depicts kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle sam. the boy's grandfather said the cartoon was in 'bad taste' and 'disrespectful'   the editor of the paper, dave nelson, defended the decision to print the cartoon in an op-ed.
freezing is a great way of preserving foods and can make them taste even better. from cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture. tessa cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test.   the gooey deliciousness of a cake fresh out of the oven can get stale and soggy.
stephen dodd tweeted a picture of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at half-time at liverpool's anfield ground. he called them a 'bigot' and 'disgrace to humanity'   police investigated but decided no criminal offence had been committed. dodd tried to defend himself by saying he was a long-standing fan of liverpool.
jake boys, 19, surprised his girlfriend emily-victoria canham, 18, with tickets to see one direction in cardiff. but he thought the welsh capital was in the republic of ireland - not wales. mr boys, from hailsham, east sussex, told her they would fly to see band in dublin. but she was shocked to discover he had booked plane tickets to the dublin instead of the wales capital.
carolyn thorpe, 62, was crushed to death and her daughter sarah wright was injured by the 20-foot tree in 2007. the tree was planted to mark the birth of napoleon i's first son. it was found to be ridden with parasites that had rotted the wood. the family have now been paid £86,000 in compensation for the accident.
the 36-year-old is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail. lawrence tynes was in training camp with the tampa bay buccaneers in 2013 when he contracted mrsa. the lawsuit claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean. tynes says the infection has ended his career and he has not kicked a football since 2012.
nasa's messenger spacecraft is currently 18 miles above mercury's surface after using the last of its fuel to push it higher into orbit. it has spent four years orbiting the closest planet to our sun. messenger is expected to smash into the planet's surface on 30 april. but as it drops closer to the surface it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever taken of mercury. among the images are images of 2km high cliffs that formed as mercury has cooled and contracted.
study found women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job, but this widens to £10,000 in more senior industries. on average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men, according to research from reed.co.uk. east anglia and east midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries.
edwin 'jock' mee accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 at army careers centre in croydon. allegedly locked a female recruit in a room and raped her as he called her a'sweet woman'   father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities. facebook removed a photo of the boy after a pro-life group put it in an ad to promote his story . the social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake. the photo of eli has since been reinstated.
sir david nicholson warns of a'substantial financial problem' at the heart of the nhs and says it is being ignored by politicians. former head of nhs says all main parties but labour have signed up to finding extra cash. ed miliband has refused to commit to a 7% boost to the health budget by 2020. david cameron and nick clegg have pledged to find the cash - but labour has refused.
mrs. clinton flew back to the east coast on a united airlines regional jet from the omaha, nebraska airport after a three-day presidential campaign swing in iowa. she was toting her own luggage on the 3-hour flight from council bluffs, iowa to newark, new jersey. secret service agents parked her'scooby' van in a handicapped spot before her flight. it's not clear how scooby and her campaign vehicles will get back to chappaqua.
dr ram manohar, 38, is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013, while working at wirral's arrowe park hospital. nurse a said he smacked her on the bottom and said 'you bad girl' after she asked him about chest x-rays. a&e consultant, from barnston, has denied four counts of sexual assault.
police are investigating an armed robbery at a service station in watervale, victoria. a man dressed as a woman robbed a victorian petrol station brandishing a fake machine gun. the robber demanded the money from the till of a female shop assistant. no one was injured during the incident.
new information from nasa's mars rover curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet. scientists previously thought there was no liquid water on mars. perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point of water. mars has lost 87 per cent of its water since the ice age.
rev richard coles sits on the board of wellingborough homes, a housing association in northamptonshire. he rose to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band the communards. coles is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the bbc church sitcom rev.
leo bernal, 8, was released from the hospital friday, five days after he was shot in the head by an armed home intruder at his home in culver city, california. doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples. the boy was in bed with his 17-year-old brother and his father when the intruder opened fire at their home sunday night. his father, parents and grandmother escaped unharmed.
randy linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $1million in damages to a suburban toledo, ohio, mosque. federal prosecutors said linn drove from his home in st. joe, indiana, to the mosque, poured gasoline on a prayer rug and set it on fire in september 2012. linn is now in a california federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence.
researchers at duke-nus graduate medical school in singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension. eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake. 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week.
jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county, florida, on april 23, 1990. her remains were found badly decomposed and had been there for up to eight weeks. she was never identified and the case remains open. a new facial reconstruction using the latest technology has been created using the victim's skull. the last image of the victim was released in 2001.
the gr20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in europe. the ancient sentiers de transhumance footpaths were used for more than 1,000 years by shepherds. wendy took a cab to porto for a self-guided walking trip.
gold moto 360 is available to pre-order online from o2 and any customers making orders before 20 april will receive the watch. it will go on general sale online and exclusively from  stores in the uk on 23 april. motorola's gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more, at £249.99. the watch launched last year and the original costs £199.
kevin morton gave his son kye backhouse an extremely strong painkiller by mistake. he could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter at preston crown court. kye was found dead at his home in barrow-in-furness, cumbria, in october last year. he complained of feeling unwell and his father gave him the painkiller.
dom dominika petrinova, from the czech republic, was furious after her boyfriend erik meldik's prank. he pretended he had put his girlfriend's dog in the washing machine. the prank went viral after he posted it online. the 27-year-old was told her dog sam had accidentally been put in the wash. she decided to exact her revenge by glued him to a chair naked and blindfolded. he screamed in pain as he tried to pull himself free from the booby-trapped chair.
facinet keita, 31, was representing guinea in the 2012 olympics when he was knocked out in the qualifying stages. he fled the olympic village claiming he 'would be murdered' if he returned to guinea. claims his coaches told him he lost the fight 'like a baby' and there would be trouble when he returned. he spent three months sleeping rough in britain and was locked up in immigration detention centre. he made two requests for asylum but both were rejected and he was told to leave the uk. he was released in march 2014 and has since been coaching judo in stoke-on-trent. he is still fighting to stay in
kimpton hotel chain staff will put a pet fish in any guest's room at over 50 locations in the us and canada. a 'best man for hire' is on hand to help with wedding planning and entertaining guests. rosewood hotels around the world offer a fragrance butler to help guests find their signature scent.
home resales recording a gross loss are at an all time low. only 8.6 percent of homes recorded a loss and 32.3 percent sold for more than double their original price. sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at 2.4 percent over the december quarter. melbourne homes are held for longer than any other capital city with an owning period of nearly 12 years.
duli hembrom wrote to the principal of milan mithi uchha vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding. she wrote to principal asking her to stop the wedding, which is due to take place in two days.   she wrote: 'i do not want to get married, i took an oath at the time of admission to the school'    india has the second highest number of child marriages in the world, with 52 per cent of girls married before turning 18.
boxer amir khan posted pictures on snapchat while driving his car in fremont, california. the lightweight posted the pictures from behind the wheel in the city of fremont close to san francisco. police are yet to say if they will be looking into the snaps and if an offence took place. using a mobile phone while driving is an offence under californian law. the pictures come eight years after the boxer was convicted for driving without due care and attention.
contestants gerry tynan and anne lewin offered up eight-letter double entendre. host nick hewer failed to stifle his laughter as he tried to contain his giggles. host has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up on the show. countdown co-presenter rachel riley was left embarrassed when two contestants offered up the word 'erection'
xavier morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters. the female agent alleged that she was attending a party with xaviermorales, her boss, in a washington, d.c. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her. after the two employees returned to the office, morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms. morales was a manager in the agency's security clearance division and was due to start a new position this week.
government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month. legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day. it includes diving into the thames without authority and queue-jumping at tube station. between may 2010 and may 2014 ministers created 1,073 offences.
school leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen due to rise in pupil numbers and 'greater competition'   london schools are experiencing the most problems finding teachers in english, maths and science. some posts attract only one or two applicants, according to survey by association of school and college leaders.
boeing 777-300er diverted to chhatrapati shivaji international airport to refuel eight hours into 10-hour flight. ethiopian airlines flight et607 was travelling from guangzhou, china to addis ababa. turned around over the arabian sea and returned to mumbai due to engine trouble.
hizb ut-tahrir has reportedly attacked civil activists in aleppo alongside al-qaeda franchise nusra front. around 100 members attacked activists during anti-regime demonstration a week ago. several british men linked to isis are known to have been in contact with group while studying at uk universities. mohammed 'jihadi john' emwazi was linked to group while at westminster university. lib dem candidate maajid nawaz spent 13 years inside group and was jailed in egypt for his role in it.
cortez berry, 18, was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth, georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. the photo was uploaded to facebook friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail. berry told visiters on saturday that he had been jumped by ten people who beat him and 'choked him to sleep'   berry has been placed in protective custody at macon state prison.
family-run tavernas make kefalonia a foodie heaven. the island's only airport is a great base for a day trip to explore the rest of the island.    the island is replete with diverse things to see but the nightlife is virtually non-existent.
attorney general eric holder sent a memo to justice department employees reminding them not to solicit prostitutes. memo came weeks after inspector general's report found dea mishandled allegations ten agents had sex parties with prostitutes.   department's prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries.
china has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year - the fourth this year alone. experts cannot pinpoint the reason behind the spate of massive dust storms but say it is variable. experts say climate change can make some areas more susceptible to the storms. this week incredible footage showed the moment a massive sandstorm blocked out the sun in belarus.
the h5n2 bird flu virus has been found at a farm in iowa that held nearly 10 percent of the state's egg-laying chickens. up to 5.3 million hens must be culled. seven other midwestern states have been hit by the virulent strain of bird flu. nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens have been killed since march. minnesota has had 28 turkey farms hit. the u.s. department of agriculture officials say the virus could be a problem for several years.
order was sent by german president karl doenitz on may 8, 1945, telling officers to abandon fighting or face allies' wrath. it was seized from luftwaffe chief robert von greim when he was arrested that day. the typed dispatch is owned by a us collector and is being auctioned by bonhams.
lib dems will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament 'from cradle to college'   spending would rise per pupil with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in next five years. mr clegg will claim the lib dems are now ‘the party of education’ and the school funding commitment will be on front page of manifesto.
arlette ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in swiss accounts for more than two decades. she is one of the richest women in europe and owner of nina ricci fashion company. ricci denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million but was jailed for three years. she was also fined equivalent of £700,000 for trying to hide money from french taxman through hsbc bank.
sweet tasting birch water contains saponins which can help your body absorb less fat. water is extracted from silver birch trees, artichokes and prickly pear cactus. the water is said to contain minerals including iron, potassium, vitamin c and magnesium. there are a raft of new 'enhanced' h20 water products available.
sofinar gourian, popularly known as'safinaz', was fined £15,000 after being found guilty of insulting the egyptian flag. she wore a tight dress in its red, white and black color scheme during a performance in 2013. insulting the flag was made illegal by decree under president adly mansour in 2013 . she is expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the sentence.
the 22-year-old said she kneed jason lee, an ex-goldman sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle. she was allegedly raped by lee in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented mansion in the hamptons. the victim has not even told her family back in ireland about her ordeal. lee faces charges of rape, sexual misconduct and assault and faces up to 25 years in jail.
malia obama, 16, was reportedly taught how to drive by the u.s. secret service agents. michelle obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host rachael ray in an interview that the armed agents provide around-the-clock security for the family. mrs. obama said malia also drives herself around washington.
bradley dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in faversham in kent when he stole his mobile phone. he returned to his friend's home and pushed him into a wall before striking him. he then stole £10 out of his wallet and fled the scene. dew was found guilty of robbery and assault by a jury at maidstone crown court.
tara and gavin hills, from kanata, canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years. they stopped vaccinating their seven children because they didn't trust the health care system. the hills' six sons and a daughter, aged between 10 months and 10 years, were diagnosed with whooping cough. the children remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics.
kim richards was arrested at the polo lounge at the beverly hills hotel on thursday morning. after drinking vodka tonics all night a bartender refused to serve the reality star and she became angry. the mother-of-four then refused to come out of the bathroom and refused to be arrested. she was taken to a local jail where she allegedly kicked a police officer. the 50-year-old was charged with trespassing, resisting arrest, battery on a officer and drunk in public.
a tweet appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee of sydney radio station 2ue. 2ue merged with rival station 2gb last week, resulting in job losses at both stations. the tweet was posted on twitter on thursday morning. it apologised for the's*** news service'   a 2ue spokesperson denied the message came from one of their accounts.
annabel beam, now 12, was playing outside with her sisters when she slipped and fell inside a hollow tree. she fell 30ft headfirst inside the hollowed-out cottonwood tree in texas. she was unconscious and hit her head three times but survived with only bruises. while unconscious, she said she 'went to heaven and sat in jesus's lap'   doctors said 'i guess someone up there was looking out for her' and she woke up miraculously cured of a rare illness that had plagued her.
chelsy davy, 29, radiated health thanks to bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving art gallery in mayfair. the ex-girlfriend of prince harry was wearing ripped jeans and a chic beige blazer. it's the second night out this week for the party girl. she joined friends at the opening of new london restaurant, the ivy chelsea garden, on tuesday.
operation xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at skegby hall children's home near mansfield. inquiry will also look into nine other centres in nottinghamshire where children were said to have been abused. the investigation is called operation   and will have a team of 20 people looking into the claims. it comes after people claimed they were sexually abused at the home.
naz shah has previously claimed she was forced into marriage age 15 by her cousin in pakistan. labour party candidate in bradford west, george galloway, claims to have evidence this is untrue. mr galloway's respect party says she was married when she was 16 and a half in 1990. labour say there are two copies of her pakistani marriage certificate, one dated 1990 and another from 1988. but ms shah hit back, saying she was coerced into marriage and was sexually and physically abused.
jerry a. hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to indianapolis police as mr. big. after he died in 2006 the home became a spectacle. the house is actually five garden-variety ranch houses cobbled together to form a 20,000-square-foot castle built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction king. the home was listed for $2.2 million, but the asking price has dropped to $862,000. since hostetlers death in 2006, the house has remained empty.
rosemary spent a week on the island of grenada. the island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk. fresh fruit and vegetables are easily available and the island's beaches are great for swimming. rosemary stayed at mount cinnamon resort and learned to cook local dishes.
richard howarth, 35, says he breaks out in a sweat and starts shaking when he sees ukip leader nigel farage on tv. he says he has to change the channel or he becomes physically sick. the father-of-one says hearing mr farage's voice makes him 'physically sick'   mr howarth's wife catherine says her husband has to turn the tv off or change channels or he starts to shake.
eastern sydney's waverley mayor sally betts wrote a reference for convicted rapist luke lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family'    she is now developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women. lazarus was jailed for at least three years after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway at his father's nightclub. cr betts is reportedly developing the program for school girls alongside youth services and police.
teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in birmingham. national college for teaching and leadership is looking at 30 disciplinary cases. allegations include claims an al-qaeda style video was copied at park view academy and teachers punished pupils. more than 50 teachers alleged to have exchanged 3,000 messages in a whatsapp group.
thomas k. jenkins, 49, of capitol heights, maryland, is accused of robbing 18 dover businesses. from september 2014 to february 2015, he allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in dover, delaware. he was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george's county sheriff's office. police say he cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business and fled. he is facing 72 charges in relation to the burglaries.
bogan shire council wants to erect a 'big bogan' statue in nyngan, western new south wales. graeme burke is the manager of engineering services for the council. the proposal is for a 3.6m tall steel sculpture of a man wearing a singlet and thongs. the statue would be a tourist attraction for the town. it could be as popular as the big banana or the big prawn in ballina.
a new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red a rays. others say they protect the skin from the inside. dr bav shergill, a consultant dermatologist, gives his verdict on some of the products. some claim to stop damage from uva rays and others claim to protect the inside of the skin.
mario draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him. woman yelled 'end the ecb dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards. she was identified as josephine witt, 21 and from hamburg. feminist activist group femen, known for topless protests, claimed responsibility for the stunt.
vincent cianni, 63, spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to document their stories of suppression, sadness and silence. the photo essay, gays in the military, is a photo essay documenting the stories of gay soldiers. many of the soldiers were discharged because of their sexuality and were forced to live in the closet.
baristas and cafe owners are putting more thought into the best pastries to accompany coffee. a latte is best paired with a chelsea bun or cinnamon swirl and a pain au raisin. flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin and a doughnut.   black coffee is best drunk with a glazed ring doughnut, and espressos are paired with chocolate truffles.
ricky dearman was falsely accused of being leader of a london satanic cult who trafficked children into uk to be tortured and killed on video. scotland yard investigated 'baseless' claims made by his children after they were tortured by mother ella draper and her partner abraham christie. police are now hunting for mother and partner after they forced children to lie about sexual abuse and ritual torture. mr dearman now hopes to win custody of his children, aged eight and nine, who are in care.
city watchdog has forecast that just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing. it comes as wonga revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year. wonga is the uk’s biggest payday loans firm. revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by £100million.
watchdog said state will continue to spend more on public services than it raises in tax throughout next parliament. the international monetary fund warned britain will still be running a budget deficit at the end of the decade. the conservatives have pledged to return britains to the black in 2018-19 with a surplus of £5.2billion.
foreign minister julie bishop caught up with shoe designer jimmy choo over the easter holidays. she was in perth to meet wives and partners of sas members. the shoe designer is in australia to host his first ever masterclass. ms bishop is a huge fan of the malaysian shoe designer's designs. she opted for another designer's shoes instead of mr choo's famous designs.
police are hunting for kellie cherie phillips, 38, and jondrew megil lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict. a 3-year old girl was found dead and a 4-month-old girl was hospitalized in critical condition at a north las vegas hospital. police believe the couple and five children - a 9-yearold girl and four boys - left the home. the body of the child was found in the home, and police believe it had been there for several days. the baby's mother, a 17- year-old woman, is being held on child abuse and neglect charges.
sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she became pregnant. claims men were promoted ahead of her at goldman sachs while she was 'publicly mocked'   she was subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory' comments about her childcare arrangements. she recorded managers at the investment firm 'without their knowledge' at employment tribunal.
cordula schacht is representing joseph goebbels' estate in the case against random house germany and its imprint sidler. her father hjalmar schacht was hitler's minister of economics. peter longerich drew on the diaries for a biography called goeb bels, which was published in 2010. publisher says paying royalties would be 'immoral' and money should go to goebbels' family.
norfolk southern train was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121, near trenton, south carolina. it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen on the tracks shortly after 8.30pm on friday. vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic, nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air. up to 15 cars overturned and leaked, sparking a 1.5-mile-wide evacuation of residents and businesses.
trev brooks is a known associate of islamist firebrand preacher anjem choudary. home office said it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport. he is accused of planning to join islamic state and travel to syria. brooks was released from prison last month after breaching bail on a terrorist offence.
the uk clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 – the strongest in the group of seven industrialised nations. this was seven times higher than france's 0.4 per cent, according to international monetary fund report. britain has overtaken france to become the second biggest economy in europe, behind germany. imf chief economist olivier blanchard warned that debt levels are'very high' in many countries.
anthony mann, 78, was spared jail for killing his wife janet after she asked him to 'bring her suffering to an end'   he was given a two year suspended sentence at leamington justice centre after admitting manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility. mr mann plunged a kitchen knife into his wife's chest in a moment of impulse at their home in nuneaton.
annegret raunigk, 65, from berlin, already has 13 children and is due to retire this year. she is in her 21st week of pregnancy and due to give birth to four babies in weeks. the mother-of-13 previously made headlines after giving birth to her youngest daughter aged 55.
mr miliband accused pm of 'ducking' chance to defend his record in government or explain how he would pay for spending pledges. prime minister will be absent from tonight's televised showdown at 8pm on bbc1. mr cameron insists he has 'unblocked the logjam' over tv debates. ed miliband said david cameron was trying to be prime minister without taking the job interview.
five-month-old bornean orangutan baby tuah was born at salt lake city's hogle zoo. his parents eve and elijah died a few weeks after he was born. tuah's older sister, acara, and zookeepers provided round-the-clock care for the infant. after four months of care, tuah is now ready to meet the public.
british sandwich chain pret a manger's new concept is called 'good evenings' and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night. burger king has launched summer menu, offering a pina colada smoothie and three new burgers. nando's also recently announced its most extensive menu update yet.
cardinal rainer woelki urged forgiveness for all of the victims at memorial service at cologne cathedral. 1,500 people attended the touching ceremony - including german chancellor angela merkel and president joachim gauck. political and religious leaders joined hundreds of bereaved relatives in the west-german city to remember those who died in the air disaster. germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz is widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the plane after locking the captain out of the cockpit.
two-metre south american boa constrictor is on the loose on queensland's gold coast. police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and released it into the wild. the reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. police found the snake at the base of a tree on a footpath in surfers paradise. biosecurity queensland is working with the gold coast city council to find the snake.
william beggs, 54, is known as the limbs in the loch killer for raping, murdering and dismembering barry wallace, 18, in 1999. beggs is serving a life sentence in saughton prison, edinburgh, for the crime. he was attacked in apparent revenge attack after being moved to shotts prison. begg's screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in cell attack. he is known for being known as a'serial killer in the making'   beggs was treated for burns in prison's infirmary but did not need to go to hospital.
hemp is used legally in a range of ways - from its seeds to its oils - to treat pets. compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and help pets lose weight. a rising number of firms in the us sell dog and cat biscuits containing cannabidiol, or cbd, taken from hemp. canna companion uses hemp from the cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits. hemp is legal in many countries and states including the uk.
the hague is a hidden gem of a city in the netherlands. it is home to one of the cornerstones of european art - vermeer's girl with a pearl earring. the hague was classed as a village until louis bonaparte set up the parliament building.
new york post's page six alleged sunday that chef bobby flay has been having an affair with his assistant elyse tirrel, who's 28. flay, 50, filed for divorce from march, 40, in april saying his 10-year marriage to stephanie march has 'irretrievably broken down'   flay's business partner laurence kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims, saying that if flay had been cheating on march with an employee, he would have been reported. march's friend said march was'sobbing uncontrollably' at her home after finding out about the affair.
saudi arabia executed domestic worker siti zainab without notifying officials or her family. she was beheaded this morning after confessing to stabbing her employer. the domestic worker was'suffering from mental illness'   she was on death row for over 15 years and was sentenced to death in 1999. indonesia's foreign ministry has summoned the ambassador to complain about her death. amnesty international says her killing'smacks of a basic lack of humanity'
forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled don't know who led british forces in battle of waterloo. one in seven wrongly believe the french were victorious in 1815. young people are more likely to associate the battle with the abba song than the actual battle.
the new map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across mars. it is made up of individual 30 to 60 mile (50 to 100km) wide strips of imagery. scientists from the german aerospace center combined the images together to create a single complete 3d map of the red planet. the map allows scientists to create 3d models of the surface of mars and could be used to explain how the planet was formed.
766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world in 2014, up 38 per cent on 2013. highest number of incidents occurred in france, with 164 incidents compared to 141 in 2013. britain registered 141 violent incidents against jews in 2014 - the worst year since 2009.
value of coloured stones has increased by more than 2,000 per cent over the last ten years. leading auctioneers now brand them a better investment than diamonds. demand for coloured stones is driving up the price of diamonds. celebrities such as kate middleton and beyoncé have driven the craze.
walter scott, 50, was pulled over by police officer michael slager for a broken tail light on april 4 in north charleston, south carolina. he and his passenger, pierre fulton, were heading to scott's home for a cookout. scott ran from his car and was shot multiple times in the back by slager as he tried to flee the scene. slager, 33, has been charged with murder.
rachel simpson, 15, was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. she suffers from a mutation of the gata2 gene. the rest of her family are now waiting on tests which could reveal who else has the faulty gene.
commuter amanda curtis, the founder of a fashion company, snapped the rare formation at the glen cove station on long island. she was waiting for her train at the commuter rail station. the quadruple rainbow appeared after storms shook the new york city area.
pippa middleton has been slammed for 'promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry'   she said she ate whale at the juvet landscape hotel in north-west norway. the duchess of cambridge's sister said that it was served in a 'convivial atmosphere'  whaling is banned in british law and is illegal to import or eat whale meat in the uk.
ukip leader said he was ‘jealous’ of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street. mr farage said he had shaken mr cameron’s hand and ‘complimented him on his appearance’    he has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful.
scotland yard's flying squad released images of three of the hatton garden raiders on saturday. officers refused to release picture of the supposed ringleader as he has already been identified. criminologist richard hoskins has identified'striking similarities' between the raid and crime novel black echo. the book is based on two jewel heists in los angeles in the 1980s, and is called hole in the ground gang. in both robberies, the gang tunneled into vaults over a long weekend and raided safety deposit boxes. police believe the gang must have read the book, and researched the robberies.
robert bates, from tulsa, oklahoma, appeared on the today show on friday to apologize to the family of eric harris, 44, who was shot dead in a botched gun-sale sting operation on april 2. he turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter. bates said that he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of a taser during the incident. he said that the mix-up could have happened to anyone and that he is still in shock.
the first models of ford's £260,000 gt supercar have already been shipped to china. the supercar will be launched across europe next year and will run alongside the lamborghini aventador. ford bosses unveiled a light sculpture in the heart of milan to mark the launch of the vehicle. the light sculpture showcases how the car was created by car designers and engineers.
the girl attends lone hill middle school in san dimas, california, and is being kept home by her mother. she is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service. deputies from los angeles county sheriff's department are helping to guard her.
amanda lukoff, from arlington, virginia, was inspired to create her documentary the r-word after growing up with her sister gabrielle, who was born with down syndrome. the director and producer is trying to raise $200,000 for the documentary, which aims to change the way people think, speak and act. amanda and her husband danny egan are currently in pre-production for the film.
eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside roches family hotel late friday night. a woman was spotted threatening people with two rubber sex toys in each hand. grafton police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint. the incident happened outside a grafton pub.
kyle wittstock, 22, died on monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door in yanchep, perth. the father-of-two left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter. he was swept into the garage door by a strong wind and was taken to joondalup hospital. mr witt stock posted photos from the air just hours before he lost control of his powered paramotor.
sean donohoe, 30, from wilnecote, tamworth, plundered the elderly woman's accounts for two years. he persuaded her to change her will and take out two life insurance policies in her name. used the money on trips to the snowdome and lavish meals out. builder has now been jailed for 21 months, after admitting theft and fraud at birmingham crown court.
khadijah dare's mother victoria has issued a plea for her to return home in her first ever interview. mrs dare says she wants her only child in her life and that she was a devout christian as a child. the 22-year-old is known for threatening to become the first woman to behead a westerner. she is currently living in syria and has reportedly been widowed.
a male passenger was badly injured after the driver of a 1991 ferrari 348 smashed into a tree in adelaide. the driver was conscious and was taken to flinders medical centre. the supercar was bought only a week ago and was uninsured. speed was likely a factor in the crash, police say. the car was worth between $90k and $110k.
murderer robert donovan, 57, disappeared from ford open prison in arundel, sussex, in 2010. it took police four years to alert the public after he failed to return from day release. he is one of 39 criminals currently on the run from the notorious prison. ministry of justice has revealed the names of 29 inmates who have been missing since 2004. two of the escapees are murderers derek passmore, derek, who beat to death a disabled man in 1996 and is still at large. ford was revealed to have the worst record for escapes, with 89 prisoners missing from the 500-man prison.
france has joined italy and israel in passing laws banning promotion of extreme thinness in fashion industry. but experts say laws may be unlikely to have any effect on anorexia nervosa. the view that it is caused by comparing oneself to catwalk models is popular. but rachel cole-fletcher of durham university says it is not a lifestyle choice and personality traits are to blame.
iona costello's stepson, george costello jr, 45, was staying nearby at the time. he also has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in jail in florida on unrelated charges. iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were visiting manhattan when they were last seen on march 30. she is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages.
a university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. it suggests temperatures at earth's equator were -40°c (-40°f) 2.4 billion years ago. it says the entire earth was subjected to a ‘deep freeze’, with the oceans turning into ice. the reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood. but it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like europa.
almost half of 1,000 british companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit obese or overweight workers. overweight workers are 'unable to play a full role in the business' and are 'lazy', according to survey. findings come after european judges ruled obesity qualified as a disability in december.
robert hardy, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items of antiques at dominic winter auctioneers in gloucestershire on saturday. he is selling a diorama of the battle of agincourt and a longbow. mr hardy is known for appearing in all creatures great and small and playing winston churchill. the actor is a keen military historian and is now an expert on the medieval longbow .
ed miliband initially said he would 'abolish' non-domicile status on wednesday. but labour is proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years. it's claimed the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market. ed mead, executive director of london-based estate agents douglas & gordon, says deals are falling through.
dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous. the natural habitat of the mega-wealthy has a rapidly developing cultural underside. emily blunt, cate blanchett, lily allen and karl lagerfeld have all visited dubai. the party scene has moved to abu dhabi, but there's a more sophisticated crowd of revellers.
joshua van haften, 34, of madison, wisconsin, was arrested at o'hare international airport in chicago on wednesday. he was charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. it is claimed he failed to cross the turkey-syria border to join isis. he has been charged with trying to travel to the middle east to join the terror group. van haft was arrested after returning on a flight from turkey after returning from syria.
ministry of defence 1, also known as 'churchill's toyshop', was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill. it was a top-secret british war lab set up by the prime minister of britain. many of the inventions were developed in the lab, but some played a vital role in ending world war two. the panjandrum was a giant wheel covered in rockets and the time pencil was a hidden detonator.
loyd byfield, 48, attacked leighann duffy, 26, with a claw hammer and knife in front of her six-year-old daughter. he was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years for murder. he evaded deportation for years and was jailed for burglary in 2005 after attacking another woman with a chisel. byfield pursued a relationship with ms duffy before he burst into her flat in walthamstow, london. judge told byfield he must have had a 'heart of stone' to kill her and her daughter who tried to intervene.
the trackyourdose app was developed by germany-based firm esooka and uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists. the £1.49 ($1.99) ios app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person's location and flights. it was developed to track cosmic radiation from air travel and medical examinations.
the eiffel tower is the most visited paid-for monument in the world and is closed to the public for 18 hours. paris tourism will be affected by the walkout which affects 25,000 visitors a day. it follows action by french air traffic controllers who are also on strike against austerity measures.
tourists in dornoch are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse - as it is being demolished. the abattoir is in the process of being demolished by local butchers. the sign caused an online stir after it was posted on twitter and retweeted by a crime writer.
emily reay, 17, is a pupil at trinity school in carlisle, cumbria, and has natural auburn hair. claims she has sported the same colour of hair for the last three years. but teachers at the school told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons. emily has natural ginger hair but colours it so it is brighter and says it is her trademark. she has been told she is banned from classes until she changes her appearance.
the white house declined to give embattled drug enforcement administration chief michele leonhart a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she will soon resign. her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information. she said there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked but it's 'absolutely' possible that information was compromised. a congressional committee will investigate the claims.
mohamed badie and 13 other defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from cairo protest camp in july 2013. 37 people, including an american-egyptian citizen, were sentenced to life in prison. mohamed soltan has been on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months.
glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. she was diagnosed with melanoma after she found a golf ball-sized lump in her groin just before graduating from college in 2005. at just 26 years old, glenna died from the disease. her parents are now campaigning for a change to laws governing sunbeds in massachusetts.
the body-building community is in shock after the premature death of 42-year-old phil primmer. the darwin man died after collapsing at his gym on thursday. he had reportedly been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died. he was given cpr but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived. phil won the 2012 and 2013 national amateur body building association’s southern hemisphere championships. he leaves behind his wife and two children.
breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among american women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year. u.s. spends $4billion a year on unnecessary medical costs for women aged 40 to 59. it is made up of $2.8bn from false-positive mammograms and $1.2bn from breast cancer overdiagnosis.
the prime minister said voters were not ‘fully sure’ about the tories at the last election but would back them this time. he said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority and admitted he would be seen as a failure if he failed to do so. mr cameron said nothing made him ‘more angry’ than being called the party of the rich.
soldiers were found buried in a farmer's field in comines-warneton, belgium, in 2008 and 2010. their identities are unknown, and no relatives have been found. four of the six soldiers were identified thanks to their uniforms. it is thought they were killed in the first months of world war one. the men were buried in prowse point military cemetery - known as 'known unto god'
lorenzo simon, 34, forced tenant michael spalding, 39, to decorate his flat before killing him. he stabbed him in the neck and dismembered him using a hacksaw. then stuffed body parts into two suitcases and dumped them in birmingham canal. simon and girlfriend michelle bird, 35, found guilty of murder after 15-hour trial. bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting offender.
oshun café will serve £6 bowls of brazilian superfood acai berries in a variety of different toppings. the acai berry bowl cafe is the latest single-item menu restaurant to open in london. melt room, which only serves toasties, will open in soho, london in may.
kenneth ward, 67, was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and firearms offences. neighbour mandy dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in north yorkshire moors for nine years. military historian performed sex acts in front of her and even exposed himself to her. but ward was released from prison and allowed to return to his home after appealing restraining order. farmer feels forced to leave her home after ward, who was released, was allowed to go back to his cottage.
russian president vladimir putin said russia has key interests in common with the united states and needs to work with it on a common agenda. putin has in the past fiercely attacked the u.s. and the west in general, blaming them for the ukraine crisis. he appeared to soften his anti-american rhetoric in a television interview on saturday.
francis pusok, 30, fled his house in san bernardino county, california on thursday after sheriff's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges. he led cops on a two-and-a-half hour chase on horseback and was arrested. he was released from jail on sunday after being charged with evading, stolen property, reckless driving and theft of a horse. on monday, pusok spoke out for the first time about being beaten up by cops and claims he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating. 10 officers involved in the incident have been placed on paid administrative leave while the incident is investigated.
some brands contain more than a day’s recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving of soft drink. local government association found some cans contain twice the recommended daily limit for adults. ocean spray cranberry classic juice drink was found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml, which is more than the amount in a can of coca-cola.
timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities. facebook removed a photo of him after a pro-life group tried to post it to promote his story. his mother, brandi mcglathery, said the ban was lifted after complaints. eli was born without a nose and has a one in 197 million chance of happening.
nasa scientists in california have released new images of dwarf planet ceres. they were taken by the dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km)   the spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to ceres and it will soon study the whole planet. however, the images have not yet revealed what the mystery ‘bright spots’ on the surface of the world are.
gemma redhead was repeatedly raped by her former partner philip kirby for eight years. he was sentenced to eight years in prison but was released after three years, and phoned his former partner. miss redhead, 33, was left with post traumatic stress disorder after the attack. after he was released from prison, he defied a restraining order to phone her. she said the 46-second call'reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack' and she was left terrified. the rapist was banned from contacting her for life and will now not be released until 2023.
rosemary taylor, communications director of the city of brookhaven in georgia, made 'racist' remark at cherry blossom festival. told photographer nelson jones they were 'not the image i want for the city'   she was referring to models dominique jackson, 18, and khamlee vongvone, 19,   trio were asked to leave the event by a city official and taylor was fired for exhibiting 'conduct unbecoming of a city employee' but she claims she was wrongly accused and photographer was 'unprofessional'
scientists reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world. tracey investigate various sexual statistical claims and separates myth from reality. most men measure around 5.2 inches in length when erect with a 4.6 inch circumference. watching porn doesn't affect a man's ability to perform.
mike keen, the labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused' over labour's plan to scrap non-dom rules. ed miliband said he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule but ed balls said it would cost the country money. mr miliband's cousin said he needed someone to explain labour's policy to him.
turia pitt suffered burns to 64 per cent of her body during a september 2011 ultramarathon in western australia. she was burned while running the kimberley ultra-marathon. turia was inspired by a little baby baby seng, who was burned by boiling water. she recently ran a half-mar marathon and beat the time she ran before the fire. she is now training to compete in the 2016 melbourne ironman and wants to raise funds for the charity, interplast.
robert bates, 73, appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris, 44. reserve deputy mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser and shot dead the man during an undercover operation on april 2. bates is out on $25,000 bond and is allowed to take a month-long vacation to the bahamas. he faces four years in prison if convicted.
lily james, the british star of disney’s new blockbuster cinderella, has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery in just eight weeks. from £3,000 jimmy choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace.
kenyan elite troops were called in from nairobi to aid in the pre-dawn massacre at garissa university. but did not arrive at the scene until just before 2pm, according to reports. one of the four gunmen has been identified as a lawyer son of a kenyan government official. foreign minister compared the response time to the massacre to being a goalkeeper as 'they only remember the one you missed'
socialist mp guillaume garot urges diners to embrace 'le doggy bag' to reduce food waste in france. mp says change in attitudes could save up to €20 billion (£14 billion) a year. french diners have previously seen takeaway bags as 'embarrassing' and 'degrading' to chefs. throwing away still-edible food costs the average french household €400 (£285) each year.
the espn sports reporter britt mchenry has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should 'lose some weight, baby girl'   the 28-year-old was berating an advanced towing company clerk in arlington, virginia. she told the woman she was on television and 'in a f---ing trailer' but according to her blog, she is a self-professed champion of women's rights. she is dedicated to helping women feel 'comfortable in their own skin'
the hollywood siren called 34 ennismore gardens her 'little london retreat' and lived in the building until her death in 1990. the five bedroom, five bathroom apartment is a short walk from harrods and hyde park. the apartment is being offered for rent by tunstall property for £10,500 per week. the screen icon was the second wife of crooner frank sinatra.
the film could make over $2 billion: star wars: episode vii - the force awakens. the space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend. that's more than the $483m record set by the final harry potter film. the second trailer was released on thursday. the film hits theaters on december 18.
two men and one woman broke into a san fernando valley home in los angeles and stole a 5ft safe and a number of firearms. one of the burglars stared directly at the camera and realized he was being filmed. the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over, but not before it captured a picture of his face. police believe the three burglars are between 17 to 20 years old.
robert penny, 83, of malvern east, briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday. he is charged with murdering claire acocks and his wife margaret penny at a hair salon in portland, victoria on may 3, 1991. penny was remanded in custody and is expected to apply for bail. he was charged with two counts of murder of his wife and claire. the women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut at the salon.
robert durst appeared in court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to a new charge of possessing a gun after a felony conviction. he was arrested last month on suspicion of the 2000 murder of his friend susan berman. it's believed that durst killed berman because she was about to speak to investigators about the disappearance of his first wife in 1982. durst faces a murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in louisiana.
david cameron made a visit to poole in dorset and sunny bristol on bank holiday. the prime minister was speaking in an almost empty science park on the city's outskirts. mr cameron was appearing alongside george osborne at the bristol and bath science park. but there is something clinical and rigid about the tory campaign.
timothy rogalski, from wallingford, connecticut, called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages. he accused staff of being behind the december 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six educators dead. the calls were traced to his home in wallingford, 40 miles from where the shooting took place. he has been charged with harassment and disorderly conduct.
britons selling properties refuse to admit the housing market has cooled and mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine. average sale prices are about £207,000 in the uk and advertised asking prices are £281,000. sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000 - forcing buyers to barter.
seven of slager's fellow cops responded to his call for back-up after the shooting. walter scott was handcuffed with five bullet wounds to the back - but his wounds do not feature in police reports. officers performed cpr on scott - but slager was not filmed giving any medical assistance. slager told colleagues that he administered cpr - but video appears to show him shooting scott in the back. his father said police would have'swept it under the rug' if not for bystander video.
iona costello, 51, and her daughter emily, 14, were last seen on march 30 near their home in greenport, eastern long island. car was found in a parking garage in new york city but the mother and daughter have not been seen since. emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break. police say they do not expect foul play and have no hard evidence that the pair are in danger.
helen dunn, 78, was only 17 years old at the time of the cover shoot for vintage lads mag span. she opened the sunday mercury newspaper to find a photo of herself on the cover. mother-of-two and grandmother from stourbridge, west midlands, was shocked to discover the images. dunn went on to marry manchester united footballer alan dunn three years later.
the question,'so when is cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad. it was set for 14-year-old students to work out. at first, it appears impossible to answer but the method used to work it out is known. the answer was july 16 and followed a series of logical steps to rule out other dates.
goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration. property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017. sydney will be one of the only markets not to be hit by an oversupply of housing. the report predicts a 75,000 underlying surplus of established homes across australia by 2017.
suzy howlett, 54, who specialises in teaching foreign-born children english, took red pen to ukip leaflet and sent it to her children.   husband and wife team derek tanswell and sharon snook embarrassed over spelling, punctuation and grammar. mrs howlett wrote: 'i think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house'    she highlighted the incorrect use of words, lack of apostrophes, flabby language and poor spellings in the leaflet. but the pair claim it is a 'dirty tricks campaign' and say their former party have 'hacked' their emails.
odds on second royal baby being called sam have been slashed after success of sam waley-cohen at aintree. the duchess of cambridge's close friend rode to success at the grand national on friday. bookmakers have slashed odds on the name sam - which could be used for samuel or samantha. royal baby could be called sam - after the jockey that helped the couple rekindle their romance. the royal baby is expected to give birth later this month.
labour leader stopped off at praise house community church in croydon for a question and answer session with worshippers. last year mr miliband described himself as a 'jewish atheist', but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups. he was bombarded with requests for selfies as he bowed his head.
charllie kwentus, 42, from webster groves, missouri, was granted his dying wish by the annie's hope bereavement center for kids. he was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago. the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine. he danced with his daughters maren, aged nine, and zoe, 13, at a country club.
david cameron's big society good deeds scheme will only affect firms with 250 or more staff. it will affect around 15 million workers in private and public sectors. but business leaders criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention'    but communities secretary eric pickles said companies would not be forced to organise paid time-off for staff.
keith boudreau, 42, of quincy was pronounced dead on friday morning following a march 23 attack at home ice sports bar. paul fahey, 43, allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction during the 'unprovoked attack'   he was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries and was taken off life support on monday. fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges and charged with murder.
clinton cash, a new book by peter schweizer, is set to spell out a trend of money flowing into the clinton foundation. it claims big money donors to the foundation found u.s. policies shifting in their favor at the state department. clinton was secretary of state from 2009-13. the book cites free trade agreements and development projects in colombia and haiti as examples.
latika bourke was adopted from india as an eight-month-old baby and grew up in regional australia. she was never interested in looking into her origins until she watched the movie slumdog millionaire. latika has visited india every year since 2012 and has become her second home. she visited the orphanage where she was born and was shown the only record of her time in the slums of india. the film was life-changing for latika and led her to a spiritual journey back to her home.
the east coast low weather system is causing strong winds and storm force winds to batter the nsw coast. an estimated 100,000 homes are without power across sydney, the central coast and hunter region. the stormy weather system hasn't hit nsw this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting east coast lows ever. on monday 24 suburbs incurred 100mm of rainfall, with blacktown hit hardest. state emergency services have received 2400 call-outs and are preparing for more.
baby boy was found in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city by a cleaner. xiao ying, 17, denied giving birth to the child and went back to work on the production line. she said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant and wanted to 'forget the incident' when a cleaner found the child in the toilets he was 'icy cold' the father of the baby said they could not keep the baby.
flow vr provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. device uses accelerometers to detect the movement of the plane and displays it on the screen. flow ife's device could help to combat the conflict between eyes and inner ear that can lead to travel sickness. the device was designed by british engineers to combat air sickness.
patrick randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart's throat as his friend billy flynn, shot him in the head. flynn was pamela smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request. randall won parole thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after june 4. smart is serving life without parole after being convicted of being an accomplice to first-degree murder.
residents claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the evening of good friday - but thought it was just road works. also claim power cuts were reported a week before the heist - and could be linked to the crime. it has also been alleged that the gang returned a day after the raid to steal more loot.
the video shows boston police officer john moynihan, 34, opening the driver-side door to talk to angelo west, 41, after his car was pulled over during a gunfire investigation. west immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer john, who was shot in the face under the eye at close range. west then fires at the other officers as he runs across the street and was fatally shot by officers. officer moyihan was released from the hospital friday after weeks of recovering from the gunshot wound.
robin ellis, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999, aged 58. he was diagnosed by chance after being diagnosed with high blood sugar levels. robin had smoked 20 roll-ups a day for 20 years and was slim all his life. was struck by michel montignac's book, dine out and lose weight.   he has since lost weight and has eliminated sugar and refined carbohydrates from his diet.
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane cathedral on saturday. wedding planners have been seen carrying trees into the cathedral ahead of the nuptials. trees lined the aisle at prince williams wedding to kate middleton in 2011. the tennis champion and his girlfriend are preparing for the big day. local shops and shop owners have decorated their shop fronts and sent gifts to the couple.
kealeigh-anne woolley was just seven months old when she was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by colin heath in january 2000. she spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011. heath, now 43, was jailed for three years and two months at birmingham crown court for manslaughter.
unidentified male concert-goer was photographed at coachella wearing a shirt emblazoned with the words 'eat sleep rape repeat' on sunday. photo was shared by jemayel khawaja, the managing editor of vice's music and culture channel thump. the shirt is thought to be a play on the fatboy slim song eat sleep rave repeat.
paypal said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. jonathan leblanc, the company’s top developer, said that they would be edible, ingestible or injectable. he wants to ‘put users in charge of their own security’   but paypal later said the comments were meant as blue skies thinking and that the company was not developing edible passwords.
lisa morgan, 40, altered top of the world roofing site to expose her cheating ex boyfriend, sean meade, 45. legal secretary amended the page to claim he had been unfaithful on company website. website now says he was 'unfortunately found out to be cheating yet again' and has 'ceased trading'   mr meade's estranged wife joanne, 35, told miss morgan he had cheated on her as well.
conrad clitheroe, from stockport, is in cell with friends gary cooper and neil munro in abu dhabi jail. they were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers in dubai. but his wife says he has run out of a blood pressure medication and guards 'don't care'   the men were arrested in february at fujairah airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security'
craig stephen hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the february 10 killings of deah shaddy barakat; his wife, 21-year-old yusor mohammad abu-salha and her sister, rezan. a superior court judge in north carolina ruled on monday that he is 'death penalty qualified'    hicks, 46, confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon.
psychologists from goldsmiths university of london, and ohio state university in the us studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research. 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by genetic inheritance from their parents. genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children's motivation.
exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds. aim to rid classrooms of ‘tired phrases’ which some pupils see as outdated. some students will be asked to study a review of a 15-rated foreign film.
chris ball made the final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life in september last year. chris ball, 21, was diagnosed with depression. he was sent home from a hospital 11 days earlier with 10 valium because there was a shortage of beds. he told his mother, four siblings and his girlfriend not to blame themselves for his disease. his body was found by his brother jayden and stepfather with the video. his family have shared the video to raise awareness of the crippling disease.
the 2.5 metre bronze whaler swam into papamoa beach, a popular bay of plenty beach in new zealand. onlookers took photos and videos of the shark before it swam back out to sea. shark sightings have become commonplace around the coastline this summer. children could be heard chatting and laughing happily on the shore.
mcdonnell and her husband, former gov. bob mcdonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. ceo jonnie williams. bob was sentenced in february to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day. her attorneys argued that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery.
ralph cramer, 70, and his wife, lynn, 59, were returning home from the creekside café in mount joy, pennsylvania, at about 9 p.m. on sunday. the couple's 1923 model t ford convertible skidded off the roadway and flipped over. first responders found the couple dead from multiple traumatic injuries.
andrew o'clee, 36, married first wife michelle agbulos in 2008 and started affair with second wife philippa in 2011. he showed up late at the birth of their child and said he had to leave with police escort. he was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy at chichester crown court. his first wife found out about his second marriage after watching video of him completing ice bucket challenge on facebook. he tried to cover his tracks by claiming he was in witness protection and had to live in a'safe house'    he married again in august 2013 - but michelle discovered the deception and reported him to police.
samantha says 96 per cent of women chose the 'average' option in dove's latest campaign. samantha has received death threats for standing up and saying 'i'm beautiful'   she claims dove's campaign exploits our need to act modestly. she says women would rather strut out in public as naked than admit they're beautiful.
researchers at university of sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more. found obese people fall into one of six categories: 'heavy drinking males', 'unhappy and anxious middle-aged', 'physically sick but happy elderly' and 'poorest'   findings suggest clinicians and policy makers should not target obese people as a whole, rather treat them according to the 'type' of obese person they are.
several dea agents were taking part in alleged sex parties in colombia starting in 2001 according to a new report. this comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments. the report was released by the house committee on oversight and government reform.
everardo custodio, 22, was shot multiple times in the legs and lower back in logan square, chicago, friday night. the driver, a 47-year-old man with a concealed carry permit, pulled out his own firearm and fired six rounds at the would-be gunman. police say custodio opened fire on a crowd of people in the chicago neighborhood. everardo was hit in the back and legs and taken to a local hospital. everado is facing charges of aggravated battery with a firearm and illegal possession of a firearm. but the driver will not face charges for his actions.
dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-burmese nationals being identified. majority said they were desperate to leave the island village of benjina. last week, indonesian authorities rescued 330 migrants from the island. many of the men said they had been tricked or kidnapped before being taken to indonesia.
tony lopez lozano, 35, was charged with the august 2013 murder of his boyfriend, brian romo, after fatally stabbing romo in the heart following an argument at their oregon city home. lozono pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison. the victim's mother, kathleen tapia, says that's not long enough. loxano claimed that he was'very intoxicated' when he killed romo and the fight came after a night of drinking at their home.
chief executive george whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready. he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year. its predecessor was destroyed in a crash in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014. co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured. virgin galactic said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to improve the spacecraft.
zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. scientists at the university of north carolina tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain's of 20 volunteers. it was used to stimulate brain's natural alpha wave oscillations. as well as creativity, these oscillations are linked with depression.
police have returned to the home of bill spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler william tyrrell. detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman's house in bonny hills on the nsw north coast on monday afternoon. the 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in january and march. police believe william may be alive, despite fears he was abducted by a paedophile ring. he was last seen dressed in a spider-man suit and playing in his grandmother's yard in broad daylight on september 12.
sarah fox, 27, and mother bernadette fox, 57, were found dead at separate addresses in bootle, merseyside. police are hunting for peter fox, 26, the brother and son of the two women. mrs fox died of asphyxiation and her sister was repeatedly stabbed. police say they want to speak to peter 'urgently' in connection to the deaths. the family of berndette and sarah fox have said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss.
cathryn parker, 72, has been living under at least 74 different names for 15 years. she was stopped for a traffic violation in los angeles. parker was convicted in 2000 of mail fraud for using a corporate account to buy plane tickets for hollywood production workers. she is now in federal custody in northern california.
dawn marie davies warns sunbed users could be at risk of contracting sexually transmitted infection, herpes. herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact. dermatologist warns the virus and other bacteria can survive on tanning beds, despite the heat.
a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera. the footage was taken last monday in forrestville in northern sydney. the incident started on warringah road and continued for 8.5km. the driver of an ac & s truck was tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively. the passenger in the car claims the truck driver was laughing and even spit on their car. the men claim the incident was filmed by a friend who was filming the menacing incident on his phone.
jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video set to the theme song from 'the fresh prince of bel-air' the clip has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube. the video was made so loved ones living far away could know about the baby. a phoenixville, pennsylvania, couple made a pregnancy announcement video using the show's theme song last year.
dashcam footage has emerged of a road rage incident on a melbourne road. three young people got out of a red ute and threatened another driver at a red light. one woman was armed with a dagger and stabbed the bonnet of the car. the driver appeared frustrated with the slow traffic and swerved onto the wrong side of the road. police are investigating the woman who was armed with a weapon.
sue sim came to national prominence five years ago when she led the northumbria police manhunt for killer raoul moat. chief constable facing bullying probe for alleged misconduct is to retire with full pension after 30 years of service. she said she was'sad' to leave but was retiring to spend more time with her family.
aydian ethan dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual ultimate guy search. he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway, who clinched the top spot last year. aydian, who transitioned in 2009, lives in oregon with his wife of three years.
manchester city's david silva and phil jagielka were among around a dozen players sponsored by adidas. they urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods. players posted messages within minutes of each other    comes amid concern celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning twitter into advertising platform.
stacey eden, 23, stood up for a muslim couple who was racially abused on a sydney train on wednesday. hafeez ahmed bhatti and his wife were attacked by a middle-aged woman on a public transport train. the woman berated the muslim woman for wearing a black headscarf. ms eden recorded the rant on her mobile phone and stood up in defence of the couple . police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack to come forward.
christine lagarde and plaid cymru's leanne wood are big fans of the colour. itv presenters lorraine kelly and ruth langsford and holly willoughby are also fans of hot pink. the colour is becoming more popular on the high street and in showbusiness. the rise in use is said to be down to the way it is perceived.
shezoy bleary allegedly attacked 31-year-old chris copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a chelsea nightclub. copeland was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery for his injuries on wednesday. bleary was seen leaving new york city's 10th police precinct on his way to court. he is accused of stabbing indiana pacers forward and his wife, katrine saltara, 28, after an argument outside 1 oak nightclub at 4am. the man who interrupted the couple's argument was allegedly stabbed by bleary after copeland told the man to back off. two other nba players, pero
the 34-year-old reality star is creating an 'archive' of her designer outfits in clear plastic bags. she plans to give 'everything' down to her 22-month-old daughter north west when she gets older. kim named her wedding dress as the 'prize piece' in her wardrobe.
john tuite, 22, and carlos santolalla, 25, are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency. they were told by their previous agencies to act 'butch' and delete their joint instagram account. the couple is well-known on the new york city party scene.
kim hill was abused for years by her step-father derek osborne from the age of four. he forced her to dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn films. she never revealed her past until her partner rob, 34, asked if she had been abused. he encouraged her to approach the police about her attacker 20 years later. derek was jailed for 20 years after the offences.
swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'hot jupiter' hd 189733b.    researchers from the universities of geneva and bern in switzerland measured the atmosphere of the planet. they found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°c in the atmosphere and wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour. the findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals . the planet is 63 light-years away and is a gas-giant slightly larger than jupiter located 370 trillion miles from earth.
nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres. they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater, however, scientists are still not able to explain what they are. nasa's dawn spacecraft has captured the images from the dawn spacecraft. dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april. several theories currently exist for what they might be, with the favoured being salt flats or ice - both reflecting sunlight .
company began as a single shop in burton-on-trent 25 years ago and has become europe's largest single-price discount retailer. total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to £1.1billion. profits are expected to be £44million, with 60 net new stores opening in uk and ireland. founded by steve smith in 1990 then sold it for £50 million a decade later.
jason edward harrington worked with tsa for six years and said staff 'bending the rules' to inappropriately touch passengers. added screeners pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them. his comments follow revelations two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in denver.
matthew whelan, 35, from birmingham, has spent more than £40,000 on tattoos and body modifications. he says prejudice against people with body modifications has affected his career. he plans to set up his own business and says employers should take him seriously. mr body art has changed his name to king of inkland king body art the extreme ink-ite.
two out of the three models of apple watches, available to pre-order from today, have sapphire glass screens. the screen was rubbed against a stone wall and with sandpaper, keyed and even hit with a hammer. the test was carried out by cardiff-based phone repairs specialist iphonefixed.co.uk. the glass is made from synthetic sapphire, which is twice as tough as normal glass.
nbc's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers. according to nielsen ratings, abc's world news tonight with david muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending april 3.
annegret raunigk, from berlin, is expecting quadruplets at the age of 65. she is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family after her youngest child said she wanted a brother or sister. britain's older mother, sue tollefsen, is a mother to seven-year-old freya. sue became pregnant thanks to ivf when she was 57 and gave birth to her only child in 2008. she appeared on today's this morning to talk about her life as a mother.
gang of at least three people poured gasoline on white dodge charger at a south los angeles gas station at 12:15am on saturday. the driver of the car said he got into an argument with the suspects and they tried to carjack him. the group covered the car in gasoline and lit it while there were two passengers inside. no one was injured during the fire but the car's front end was completely destroyed. the fire department is investigating the incident as an arson and the suspects remain at large.
four in ten britons have an average £77 of unwanted online shopping items lying around. 43 per cent of people say it is too inconvenient and lengthy to return the items. women's dresses, shoes and trousers are the most commonly unreturned items. more than a third of adults have purchased items they don't want and don't return.
actress carey mulligan's grandmother margaret booth was diagnosed with alzheimer's disease 14 years ago. the 29-year-old said her grandmother hasn't recognised her in at least five years. miss mulligan said there is a'shame or humour' attached to the illness. she is a patron of the alzheimers society and said more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia.
dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of round rock. apparently big boy made it past electric fence and a barbed wire fence to escape his pen last friday morning. his owner, 79-year-old joe don kotrla-chipps, said big boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken to jumping over his fence. police say they gave his owner a citation for violating the 'open range act' with inadequate fencing.
gary barlow, mark owen and howard donald are on new tour. gary's musical finding neverland opens on broadway on wednesday. he told mailonline jason orange is excited to come and see his former bandmates on tour. he said jason wants to come to the shows and will be proudly cheering on his bandmates.
the sea is cerulean blue and the sand is as soft as flour. the maldives are one of the most popular honeymoon destinations in the world. penny spends a week in the island and unwind with snorkelling and a massage. the lime spa is the perfect place to relax and relax in the sun.
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs using secret codes over their radio systems. 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on victoria's roads in the past year alone. one in every 12 truckies tested positive to drugs while out on the road. victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry. the drivers are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice. it comes after it was revealed that one in 12 truck drivers are high on illicit substances when they are pulled over by police.
christy, toni garrn and liya kebede are faces of lindex's spring 2015 campaign. scandinavian brand opened its first uk store in westfield stratford on march 27. christy, 46, says 'it's what you do that defines you'   all profits from sale of #superrolemodel t-shirts will go to christy's charity, every mother counts.
cle 'bone' sloan told police suge knight growled 'i'll kill you' before 'everything went black' in newly-released police interview. police say that was the moment before knight killed terry carter and tried to kill sloan in compton parking lot on january 18. sloan claims knight yanked on the gear stick and appeared to be reaching for a gun. knight, 49, has denied murder and attempted murder charges.
czech immigrants trafficked into uk on promise of a 'better life' but were 'treated like dogs'   made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter, court told. threatened with violence by gang who pocketed their wages and benefits. five family members are on trial at plymouth crown court charged with people trafficking.
government has approved funding for cambridgeshire-based mole solutions to develop the idea. the mole urban project aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas. the company is looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of northampton. if successful, it could be rolled out in other towns to reduce congestion and pollution. the development project is set to last nine months.
zeynab daghastani was reportedly gunned down as she tried to flee militant-held al-yarmouk camp in damascus. she was killed by isis snipers as she made her way to a nearby neighbourhood. thousands of palestinians have been trying to escape yarmouk since it fell under isis control. activists and relief workers in the area are also being targeted by militants.
former royal chef darren mcgrady said princes were fed up with the endless diet of traditional english food. he said they swapped instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food. princes' 'juvenile handwriting gave their identity away' - and they ended up with roast chicken anyway. mr mcgrady is the former chef to the queen and princess diana and spent 15 years cooking for them.
families in the uk are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, says international monetary fund. uk was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with portugal. imf report lumped britain together with country that was forced to seek emergency funding during eurozone crisis.
unite leader len mccluskey and his union are a potent, sinister force in british politics. seek to use financial and organisational muscle to drag britain back to the 1970s. he has denied that he has too much influence over ed miliband, adding unite is supporting labour '100 per cent'
norma esparza, 40, says her ex-boyfriend, gianni van, 45, intimidated her into identifying the murder victim, gonzalo ramirez. van is accused of the 1995 murder of ramirez, whose body was found on the side of a california road having suffered 30 blows with a meat cleaver. prosecutors say van was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded she point out ramirez at the bar. van and friends allegedly kidnapped and beat ramirez and left him by the roadside. van pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify at van's murder trial.
holly beard, 24, and steve hancock, 27, reached a combined weight of 41st after moving in together. holly was bullied about her size at work after her boss brought in a cake. she joined weight watchers and went from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in nine months. the couple went on a joint diet and lost 11st between them for their wedding.
jodie bredo, 26, from essex, has been a professional kate lookalike for the past six years. she wishes duchess of cambridge would 'change her hair for once'   she does not fancy prince william and says she fancies prince harry more than william. she started her career after noticing her resemblance to the royal mother.
newly launched app, honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. personal dilemmas range from relationship questions to questions about sexual dysfunction and secret crushes. the app was launched last month by two london advertising executives, ed and rob watts.
aidan fraley, 16-year-old son of eric harris, says robert bates, 73, should have been 'in a retirement home, not out on the scene killing his dad'   fraley believes all the tulsa police who allowed bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his father's death. bates has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the april 2 shooting death of the unarmed man. his own mother has already forgiven bates.
raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe in a london bar. it is the second time sterling has been pictured holding a pipe in the past few days. sterling is currently in a contract stand-off with liverpool and is considering his future at the club. sterling was pictured earlier this week smoking a nitrous oxide pipe.
andreja pejic, 23, appeared in a solo editorial in the may issue of vogue. she is the new face of make up for ever and the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign. andreja underwent gender reassignment surgery last year.
the marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of sharp park state beach in pacifica on tuesday. it is one of 17 dead sperm whales to beach along the north coast of california over the 40 years. biologists and veterinarians are examining the carcass to determine how the animal died. people have been spotted photographing the animal and stopping to touch it.
bk will be paying the expenses and providing gifts for the wedding of joel burger and ashley king. fast food chain will also be providing personalized gift bags, mason jars and burger king crowns. the couple has been known as burger-king since they were in the fifth grade together, in new berlin, illinois. burger and king have known each other since kindergarten.
researchers at virginia polytechnic institute and state university have found a way to convert 100 per cent of the sugar in corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel. the breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally. it could accelerate the take up of biogas for eco-friendly hydrogen cars, which emit only water. but the gas is expensive and is not easy to store. coconut kernels could be used to store hydrogen in gas form using carbon from the kernels.
out of 384 applications to use the word anzac, 80 per cent have been approved by the department of veteran affairs. the church of scientology is one of the organisations who have been reprimanded for using the word. woolworths and victoria bitter were allowed to use anzac in its 'raise a glass' campaign. an anzac-branded port, an educational app and medallions with the word were denied.
comres survey of 4,000 undecided voters found 37% of floating voters have been impressed with prime minister's performance. separate poll of marginal seats by lord ashcroft shows ukip's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies. mr cameron also suffered less badly from negative appraisals than ed miliband. 49% of undecided voters said they were ‘unimpressed’ with his performance and 54% of miliband .
lisa mcelroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at drexel university, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 under the subject line: 'great article on writing briefs'    when recipients opened the enclosed link, they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act' while an internal investigation gets underway, it's been reported that she has been placed on administrative leave.
gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers. men took birds to tower block in walsall, west midlands, and threw them out of windows. birds were also jammed into drawers, squeezed to death and chased by a dog. all four were found guilty of the charges and will be sentenced next month.
dawn milosky has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle. dashcam footage shows police in the borough of kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area. it took two minutes to pull the woman from the wreckage. just 2 minutes and 30 seconds after the officers had removed the woman, 45, from the vehicle the vehicle became engulfed in flames.
the world's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia. it covers 23,000 square kilometres and is larger than israel. the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 sq kilometres and have 155,000 cattle between them. the farms are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co. all of the farms include original stock and equipment.
jessica silva stabbed her ice-addicted partner james polkinghorne five times in the shoulder, chest and back with a kitchen knife on mothers day in 2012. she has visited the home of his father to explain to him why she had to kill his son. ms silva escaped a jail term after the judge found the killing was done in the most 'extreme circumstances'    she was sentenced to two years' imprisonment, suspended on the condition of good behaviour.
michelle obama and her mother, marian robinson, 76, dined at lupa restaurant in greenwich village, new york city on saturday. the first lady and her mom enjoyed a five-course italian lunch at the small italian eatery. owner mario batali was heard describing michelle as 'a lovely woman' after the meal the two were escorted into a waiting suv.
aeman presley, 34, originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with 'bloodlust' after killing calvin gholston, 53, in dekalb county. he then killed two homeless men in atlanta and a hairdresser in decatur, georgia. he was arrested for jumping a turnstile at a train station and tried to go back to acting. after killing tommy mims, 68, and dorian jenkins, 42, he tried to kill a 44-year-old woman in a parking garage.
neil moore was on remand at wandsworth prison when he sent fake email posing as court clerk manager. 28-year-old was jailed for seven years for £1.8million fraud at southwark crown court. he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk at'southwalk crown court'   escape was'sophisticated and ingenious' and was motivated by fear he would be harmed by fellow inmates. moore had struck up a relationship with a transgender individual at hmp wandworth.
vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres. ula's plan is to skip returning the whole booster, an approach favoured by rival spacex. the rocket's name is a trademark of vulcan aerospace.
alanna and stephan goetzinger's third daughter rana died during the birth of her daughter in 2012. a coroner found that the midwife who assisted at the birth was 'grossly inadequate'    the couple have defended their midwife against the findings of the coroner's report. the couple say that rana was stillborn, and that the baby died 'during or shortly after birth'
second children are left with hand-me-downs, with around £500 less spent on them in their first year of life. more than a third of mothers clothed second baby in one or more hand- me-downs. only 23 per cent have a keepsake for their second child, report by debenhams found. 82 per cent of mothers have a memento of their first child, a lock of hair or video of first steps.
aspiring fashion design student cassandra cassidy, 24, was killed in las vegas drive-by shooting on friday night. she was trying to help two women 'afraid of men in a car' outside rehab centre. two females approached her in the street and asked to use her phone to call for help. the women said they were afraid of two men in another car. ms cassidy was shot as a car drove past and died in hospital shortly afterwards.
tipu sultan was gunned down outside herbs n spice takeaway in south shields at 10pm last night. 32-year-old father-of-two was originally from bangladesh and lived in sunderland. police believe he was targeted deliberately and have launched a murder investigation. mr sultan's father saw the shooting and closed the door as the weapon was pointed at him.
gareth huw davies takes a trip to sri lanka to discover the island's hidden treasures. the island is known as the home of serendipity - lucky discoveries by accident. the holiday industry is recovering on the island and expanding with new hotels.   the island’s unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of its ancient history.
house-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad. working on a cruise ship or superyacht is another way to see the world while on a tight budget. people can also earn a living by working on an organic farm or teaching english abroad.
kim sears was spotted watching husband-to-be andy murray lose to novak djokovic in the men's final at the miami open. the 27-year-old wore a black silk dress for the third time during the tournament. kim and murray are due to marry at dunblane cathedral on april 11.
two women and two men held at manchester airport after being flown back to uk from turkey. waheed ahmed, 21-year-old son of labour councillor shakil ahmed arrested at birmingham airport. he was among eight relatives stopped at the turkish border with syria on april 1. group includes his aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and their children. ahmed was held on suspicion of the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
the university of kentucky lost 71-64 to the university of wisconsin badgers in the ncaa men's final four semi-final game saturday night. more than a thousand fans gathered near the school's lexington campus to celebrate the loss. police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct. the team will now face off against duke in the final on monday - their first final since 1941.
james tingley of michigan was convicted on march 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six-year period. police know of at least five other girls tingly abused but they believe there may be more.    his perverted accomplice randy stevens, 45, was also convicted of sexual misconduct by a separate jury.
mai mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her melbourne home last tuesday. her grandson alistair mach, four, was also stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed. a fundraising page to support the family has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week. chinese national cai xia liao, 45, has been charged with their murder. she has been remanded in custody after being charged with murder.
former director of public prosecutions keir starmer was in charge of operation elveden. ran crown prosecution service for five years and was a labour darling. pushed use of 13th century misconduct in public office law to go after journalists. he is likely to be returned to the safe labour seat of holborn and st pancras.
alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station's top job in an interview on radio 4's feedback programme. he claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result. with just two million listeners, radio 3 is the least listened-to of the bbc's main stations.
police dashcam footage shows officer michael rapiejko overtaking his colleague's car as they chase alleged thief mario valencia in marana, northwest of tucson. officer warns him that suspect is loaded and tells him to'stand off' but he drives straight toward him. seconds later, his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect's body. valencia was rushed to hospital in serious condition following the crash on february 19. police chief terry rozema has defended officer rapiejo's actions, saying he likely saved the armed suspect's life.
houston owner safer hassan has 30 days to get rid of '370h55v' license plate. texan department for motor vehicles deemed it 'offensive' after three years. he plans to appeal the decision by the state department. state departments across the usa have the power to ban slang and rude words.
apil morris of bennettsville, thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, nina louise, again after she went astray in december 2013. months of searching and a $500 cash reward proved fruitless for the malnourished dog. but this past saturday she was reunited with her dog after she was rescued during a cockfighting bust in south carolina. the dog had just given birth to ten pups and is now back at home with her family.
merkel and her husband, chemistry professor joachim sauer, have been spending easter on the island of ischia, near naples. the german chancellor has reportedly hired a pilates instructor and enjoyed vegetarian meals. the couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star miramare spa hotel on the south of the island.
mei ru, 50, and her husband song ming, 53, were going shopping in the city of fuzhou, south east china. she parked her car and he climbed out the passenger side and stood behind the car. mrs ru then reversed over him, knocking him to the ground and backing up over his body. mr song was rushed to hospital but died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs.
royal county of berkshire polo club was founded in 1982 with prince charles as its first member. it has attracted royals and celebrities including prince william and harry and stephanie powers. the club tried to launch its own brand of polo-related accessories. but the beverly hills polo company objected to its use of the polo player logo on a range of products.
nigel farage caused controversy at the leaders' debate by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs. half of voters agree with ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free hiv treatment. mr farage's figures were a bit out - there are 6,000 diagnoses of hiv every year according to public health england.
brits spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe, according to a new study. almost a fifth of those polled said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same outfit online. almost one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in same outfit. men spend an average of £61 to safe-guard against social media anxiety, men more than women.
charles collins, 28, jumped onto the tracks at metro station in central philadelphia after elderly alfred mcnamee fell. collins was walking ahead of him when he heard him slip and fell onto tracks. he jumped down and helped the man to safety. but collins insisted that he's 'not a hero' and put it down to 'instinct'   collins is a passenger at the septa metro system's 15th street station.
claudia alende, 21, came second in last year's miss bumbum beauty pageant. indianara carvalho, 23, posted picture of her naked body painted with image of virgin mary on good friday. she posted picture on instagram on the day of crucifixion and death of christ. ms alende claims she has'revealed who she truly is' and branded the winner 'an attention-seeking sl*t'   she claims she was left'shocked and ashamed' by her rival's risqué easter stunt.
gary saurage, 45, who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont, texas, was called out on monday morning to catch the giant reptile. the alligator was being 'aggressive' and had to be removed from a family's backyard pond.
valbona yzeiraj was arrested on thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment. she illegally posed as dentist 'dr val' at a practice in riverdale, new york. the 45-year-old was fired from ultimate dental care of riverdale after the company found out she was performing as a dentist. she did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and pulled patients' teeth.
steve esmond and his wife, dr theresa devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort on the island of st. john. sean, 16, and ryan, 14, remain in comas two weeks after being airlifted to hospital. esmond remains conscious but unable to move or talk. us environmental protection agency said preliminary tests showed there was 'a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying'
exercise can increase grey matter in the brain, increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination. changes in brain may have health implications in the long-term, such as reducing the risk of falling. study by university of jyvaskyla found physical activity can increase brain volume. previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat and lower risk of diabetes.
the average cost of the big day hits £25,000. femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be. there's plenty of ways to save money on your special day. go big and shop out of season to save on decor and bar costs. asda has launched a wedding collection for bridemaids and pageboys.
high-end ski-tour company haute montagne created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in verbier, switzerland. one guest requested a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day and two grand pianos flown in for entertainment. another requested a bouquet of lily of the valley flowers that had to be larger than kate middleton's.
tv host will appear as a guest presenter on satirical panel show have i got news for you on april 25. clarkson was dropped from top gear on march 25 after punching producer oisin tymon over a steak dinner. he will appear on the bbc show just one month after being sacked from the show. it is believed he was booked to appear on comedy show before being dropped.
the white house kitchen garden was full of school children on wednesday afternoon as flotus oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy. the first lady was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing let's move initiative. michelle obama then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual grammys on the hill awards. she was on hand to present 15-time grammy winner alicia keys with the recording academy's recording artists' coalition award.
khim hang, 22, is the youngest designer to ever show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. the brisbane-based designer is committed to improving working conditions in cambodia. he is heavily influenced by his heritage and his parents' escape from the khmer rouge. the designer is ethically producing his products and committed to looking after his factor workers in his home country.
manchester city fans were filmed singing a vile song about the munich air disaster outside old trafford. the clip appears to show manchester city supporters singing the song after sunday's manchester derby. greater manchester police are investigating the allegations. the song mocks the 1958 tragedy in which 23 people died including manchester united players.
laura stevens' photo series 'another november' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship. the british photographer, 38, asked friends and women she met to pose for the project. she found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up. the photographer, who lives in paris, directed other women to portray the emotional stages of grief.
labour leader nicola sturgeon refused to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the snp. ed miliband refused to dismiss the idea of any pact.    but he refused to say if he was prepared to 'lock david cameron out of downing street'   snp leader used bbc debate to offer to ‘lock him out of number 10’
jerusalem syndrome affects people visiting the holy city. first identified in 2000, it is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness. people with the condition believe they are biblical characters. experts say condition is likely part of a broader psychosis, not unique to jerusalem. the need to be clean and perform sermons are two of seven stages of the syndrome.
pj spraggins was a perfect match for wife tracy, 39, who has suffered from lupus since she was six. in 2013, doctors told her she needed a kidney transplant. but his blood pressure was too high and he was told to lose weight. he lost 145lbs in a year and was given the green light to undergo surgery. but doctors told him he needed to lose more to donate kidney to his wife. she was told she would have to wait seven years on the transplant list.
johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night days after leaving rehab. he was spotted with girlfriend colleen crowley for the first time since he entered rehab. crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways. the cleveland browns quarterback checked into a rehab facility on january 28 for unspecified problems. on tuesday, crowley posted a video of the texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends.
husband yin yunfeng spent a week cooking all sorts of stir-fried dishes and 1,000 dumplings for his wife. he is stationed in a regiment in tibet and only gets to go home once a year. ms zhao lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks. she has been dubbed the 'luckiest wife in china'
shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful 'tell sid' advertising campaign when british gas was privatised. last night shares in bg group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p. rise came after oil giant royal dutch shell announced plans to buy bg in a £47billion deal.
the fire was sparked by a cooking stove in southern california on saturday night. the fire forced residents of 300 homes to be forced to evacuate their homes. the blaze has been contained 35 percent of the way and has spread to 1.6 square miles. it was reported in the prado dam flood control basin, 35 miles southeast of los angeles.
chef jacques lamerde is dressing up junk food as fine dining to poke fun at high-end restaurants. appearing under a fictional name to remain anonymous, the instagram account pokes fun at junk food. the dishes are created by dressing up cheap, everyday junk food to look like gourmet creations.
pippa, 31, looked glamorous in a tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer. accessorised with £159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses. recently revealed she will be designing a dress for charity. pippa is a columnist for spectator life magazine.
nathan baggaley has been taken back into custody after allegedly assaulting a police officer at byron bay blues festival. the 39-year-old was found in a toilet cubicle with white powder. the former kayak world champion was charged with assaulting a officer, resisting police and escaping custody. the two-time olympic medalist was already facing serious drug charges. the fallen athlete has pleaded guilty to drug manufacturing charges linked with a tweed heads drug ring.
number 20 the lindens in new addington, near croydon, was bulldozed in june 2013 along with two neighbouring properties.    two new houses have been built in its place - but number 20 has been completely wiped off the map. it was where killer stuart hazell, 39, murdered the schoolgirl and dumped her body in the loft.
all traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as sirens wailed across the country marking holocaust memorial day. the annual memorial day commemorates the six million jews killed by the nazis during world war two. until sundown, radio and television stations were to broadcast programmes on the genocide and play sombre music.
ten-week-old qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china after emergency surgery to repair her face. her mother, ms li, returned home after ten minutes to find her daughter had been dragged from her bed. she had been attacked by a stray dog at home in haimen city.
aubrey de grey, 51, says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured'   he believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age. de grey's theories have gained him high-profile supporters in silicon valley. he became fascinated by seeking a cure for ageing while at harrow school.
flashgap is free for ios and android devices and is inspired by the end credits of 2009 film the hangover. photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds. only people who attended the event can see the album, and users can only delete photos they took themselves.
the two chimps are the first animals in history to be granted the same rights as human prisoners. hercules and leo are currently living in a lab at stony brook university, long island. a representative of the university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project. the chimps have been granted a writ of habeas corpus to challenge their detention.
delroy facey, 34, is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches. ex-bolton wanderers striker denies conspiracy to commit bribery. he is standing trial at birmingham crown court alongside former non-league player moses swaibu. facey allegedly acted as a middleman for match-fixers chann sankaran and krishna ganeshan. both defendants deny the charges at the start of the three-week trial.
charlnelle hughes, 20, was standing at the bar at the adelphi pub in preston reading a text message when she was hit in the face.    jordan goode had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and threw the glass randomly at a group of 40 people. miss hughes was rushed to hospital after bleeding profusely and fearing she might lose her right eye. the nursing student is still having to see a facial specialist and has been warned her facial features might drop. goode admitted wounding at preston crown court and escaped with a suspended jail term.
chloe knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in holmfirth, west yorkshire. she stopped to move a bike when a man smashed down her car window with a glass bottle. glass bottle became embedded in her neck and she was left with deep wounds to her shoulder, neck, nose and mouth. she was rushed to leeds general infirmary where she underwent surgery for her injuries. the aspiring cruise ship dancer has been left 'unable to smile' after the attack.
more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the mediterranean over the past weekend. total rescued since friday has now reached 8,480, from more than 40 boats. more than 500 migrants had already died crossing mediterranean so far this year. it was claimed body of one migrant was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks.
lauren perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy. her twins mason and chloe were delivered 10 weeks early via caesarean at 30 weeks. mason contracted a flesh-eating disease eight months later. he was eight months old when he was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed. he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh- eating virus. it ate all the tissue in mason's chest and abdomen and perforated his bowel. he spent the first two months of his life in intensive care. ms perry's son is now recovering and is doing well.
ulysses beaudoin, 39, of texas, allegedly shot his 22-year-old son ulysses nelson twice in the back at the family's home in katy, texas. deputies say he showed up with his girlfriend in tow and got into a domestic argument with his wife of 18 years, christina nelson. when his son tried to intervene on behalf of his mother, the father allegedly pulled out a 99m handgun and shot him twice in back. the suspect fled the scene in his girlfriend's car, but police tracked him down and arrested him.
ecuador's leader rafael correa posed for a photo next to a boy wearing an 'i'm with stupid' t-shirt. the 52-year-old was seemingly oblivious to the message on the shirt. the picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country.
christopher eccleston played the doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of doctor who in 2005. 51-year-old actor grew up in manchester and played the character with a strong northern accent. he suggested he quit the show after falling out with show bosses over his decision to play the character.
eric coins, who was drinking in sunrise, florida, posted video to youtube accusing man of impersonating as an army impostor. the man was wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. a young man asked the man a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training. man shouted at the man: 'there are people who f****** die in that uniform' as bar staff tried to stop a physical confrontation from occurring. incident comes after a panhandler in tampa was called out for faking military connection by wearing a camouflage uniform.
in england alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping people with dementia. looking after someone with dementia can stretch people to their limits. here's how to make life easier for those caring for someone with the condition. the final week of our major good health series on dementia focuses on carers.
thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz, berlin, in january 2013. case has strikingly similar traits to the £60m heist in london, two years earlier. robbers spent weeks digging tunnel to break into bank's strongroom and stole £8.3m worth of jewellery.
the toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell into the cheetah exhibit at the cleveland metroparks zoo. the boy was rescued by his parents from the pit and was listed in stable condition at the hospital. he suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was not attacked by the animals. the zoo plans to press child endangering charges against the child's mother.
rejean hermel perron, 43, accused of holding woman, 27, at gunpoint and subjecting her to sexual assaults. police say she was kidnapped and held captive for five days in toronto, canada. dog walker peter hamilton heard the woman's cries for help and went to free her. she was bound by handcuffs and naked from the waist down and badly bruised. he wanted to call the police but left his cell phone at home, so used his nail clippers to free the woman. perron has been charged with sexual assault with a weapon, kidnapping and assault.
dmitri kovtun insists he was not involved in mr litvinenko's death and says he was carrying polonium at the time. he says the former kgb agent poisoned himself without knowing it and was carrying it with him.   mr litvinenko died of radiation poisoning in november 2006 after meeting kov tun and alexander lugovoi in london.
the freshmen students from yichuan, shaanxi province took the exam on saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open. grade one students at  yichuan senior high school suggested and organised the outdoor exam themselves. the school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space. many of the students said sitting the exam outside is a novel way to broaden their horizons.
journalist gianna toboni traveled to india to explore the country's gestational surrogacy industry for hbo documentary series vice. she went undercover to meet with surrogacy agents in india who offered to sell her and her team a baby over dinner. commercial surrogacy costs nearly one-sixth the amount it does in the western world.
st george's county asylum opened in 1818, the asylum once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length in stafford in the west midlands. it closed in 1995 but is now set to be transformed into 102 apartments. patients were restrained by means of 'the leather muff,' 'iron handcuffs' and'restraint chair' and dysentery and syphilis were said to be commonplace.
colin cromie told xara grogan, 29, they should jet to barcelona for a break and claimed they were stuck with the wrong partner. but when she turned down his advances he became 'increasingly hostile and unfriendly' at petre dental in lancashire. married dentist, 49, forced practice nurse to resign after she rejected his attempts to kiss her. miss grogan was awarded £16,500 compensation for the dismissal and sexual discrimination.
todd kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the lexington county detention center on monday evening. an arrest warrant alleges that he threatened to kill his wife, ashely griffith, during a march 26 argument in their car. he claims he 'accidentally overdosed' on the prescription drug benzonatate . he has gained a reputation on twitter for sending inflammatory tweets that have left him open to accusations of racism and sexism.
victorino chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time at stepping hill hospital in stockport.    he denies murdering patients tracey arden, 44, arnold lancaster, 71 and derek weaver, 83, and deliberately poisoning 18 others. he tampered with saline bags and ampoules at stockport hospital in order to kill and injure patients. chua has pleaded not guilty to 36 charges including murder and attempted murder.
the great british bake off star was the bookmakers' favourite to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear. but she announced she's leaving the site after receiving death threats. she tweeted her timeline has been full of men wishing her dead. perkins was one of a number of celebrities to have quit twitter after being trolled.
shadow chancellor said the letter was just a 'jokey note' left in the treasury by former labour minister liam byrne in 2010. mr balls said labour would cut the deficit - still running at £90billion a year - every year. he blamed lib dem minister david laws for leaking the note to his successor. the note admitted labour had blown the nation's finances and said there was no money.
malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala with her parents in suburban seattle, washington. police say a black car pulled alongside and the driver and passenger opened fire, shooting the baby in the head. the baby is in'very critical condition' at a seattle hospital. police initially suggested road rage as a motive, but later said it was not a motive.
porche wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on attempted murder charges. when paramedics arrived at the sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns. the girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds. wright has a criminal history with charges that include prostitution, disorderly conduct, and domestic violence.
nina anderson searched pawn shops near her house in portsmouth, hampshire, after gold and silver necklaces were taken. martin campbell, 28, stole jewellery worth nearly £400 from her bedroom as she watched tv. great-grandmother spotted two of the items in the window of a cash and cheque express. her actions led to the arrest of burglar, who has now been jailed for three years. mrs anderson's actions echo those of agatha christie character miss marple.
tony abbott said the eu should 'urgently' follow australia's military-led'stop the boats' policy. pm sends naval gunboats to turn back asylum seekers before they reach australian shores. he said harsh measures are the only way to stop deaths in the mediterranean. mr abbott's hardline policy has proved controversial but is backed by other countries.
carl hendrick, head of learning and research at wellington college, berkshire, has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms. he argues schools should concentrate on boosting pupils’ confidence by teaching them well. but vic goddard, headmaster of passmores academy, is a fan of motivational posters.
ashy bines mistakenly advertised the price of one of her programs as $us49,500 per year. the gold coast personal trainer apologised to her'very angry and upset' followers. an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program - the real price is $4,950. a spokeswoman for ms bines said spots in the program have sold out.
charlotte cosby has lost two and a half stone and four dress sizes over the last year. geordie shore star has come under fire for being 'far to skinny'   her co-stars vicky pattison, holly hagan and marnie simpson have also lost weight. one doctor says weight loss can be 'taken too far and too fast'
the images were captured between 1850 and 1855 by photographer hugh owen and could fetch up to £30,000 at auction. the albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s. they are believed to be some of the first ever taken of the city of bristol and were taken at the dawn of photography. many of the buildings pictured have changed dramatically between the 19th century and today.
kenneth wanamaker jr, 37, of northhampton county, pennsylvania, pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment after his daughter's teeth were found to be in a possibly fatal condition. 14 of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed or needed to be pulled. she had been scheduled for surgery in march but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination.   he and his partner jessica hoffman, 32, are also being investigated for the death of their other children.
around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before. but smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent. cdc report is based on a national survey of 22,000 students at middle and high schools.
bobby flay filed for divorce on friday. stephanie march is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup, according to new york daily news. she asked her spouse if he was romantically involved with mad men star january jones in 2010 - he allegedly said no. the iron chef of america star is said to have offered her $5,000 a month for five years. flay and march reportedly separated three weeks ago.
group working in the north-west accused of filming attacks and demanding money to keep them secret. one teenager told police he was beaten up by gang in church car park in atherton, manchester. 19-year-old thought he was meeting a girl he had spoken to on the internet. andrew o'neill, 25, has since admitted in court that he groomed an under-age girl.
ricky ricardo chiles iii, 27, shot himself with his gun on thursday morning at a hotel in lyon, illinois. he was suspected of killing archie brown jr, 40, and 15-year-old rasheed chiles at the scene of a car accident in milwaukee, wisconsin on sunday. archie jr struck and killed his nephew damani terry, two, who ran in front of his van and was shot dead. police believe chiles ii decided to exact revenge and killed himself as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites.
poooch mavis was brought to arlington park in mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip. she was reportedly close to the park's boat launch when the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water. wildlife officials are currently looking for the animal.
the 'goblins' are created by gradual erosion of entrada sandstone over millions of years in utah's san rafael desert. once known as the mushroom valley, the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle. goblin valley state park is a popular attraction for tourists visiting western america.
sophie english was born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family. she was sent to australia when she was 10 months old. for more than 40 years she has struggled to find closure about her birth mother. abc's foreign correspondent sally sara travelled with ms english to vietnamese in search of answers. ms english met another adoptee, le my huong, who has since found her mother.
linx makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets with depth-sensing technology. link computational imaging is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph. this technology could be added to the next-generation iphones and ipads. apple has bought israel-based linx in a deal reportedly worth $20 million (£13.5 million)
the 39-year-old ethiopian-born model fronts vogue paris's upcoming may issue. the last black woman to cover vogue  was model rose cordero in march 2010. in january, jourdan dunn became the first black model to cover british vogue in 12 years.
78 irish travellers had refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council. group claimed eviction 'violated' the human rights of 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans. locals in hardhorn, lancashire, accused the group of trashing their village. fylde council said fighting the 'battle of hardhorn' has already cost £200,000 in legal fees.
the rosehall estate near inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings. it was built in 1820 and was used as a secret love nest of the duke of westminster and coco chanel. the estate was bought by hugh 'bendor' grosvenor in the 1920s and has not been lived in for more than 60 years. former prime minister winston churchill stayed with the fashion designer at the property while recuperating from illness. it is on the market for £3million but requires millions more to be spent on a full restoration.
jason rezaian, 39, was detained in tehran on july 22 last year and officially charged in december. he was accused of spying and collaborating with 'hostile governments'   he stands accused of gathering classified information and of disseminating propaganda against the islamic republic. the white house and the washington post have branded the charges 'absurd' and 'despicable'
indian creek island road, the most exclusive area in miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million, and tops the list of america's richest streets. its 86 residents include four of america's top 500 richest people. the island's population includes carl icahn, eddie lampert, charles johnson and jay z and beyonce. second on the list is beverly park circle, home to denzel washington and eddie murphy. broad beach road in malibu, california, is number 13 on the  list with an average price tag of $16.238million.
finley lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality periventricular nodular heterotopia. he was born with parts of his brain in the wrong place and has a 90 per cent chance of developing epilepsy. finley was unable to walk and talk and was told he would never walk or talk. but he defied the odds to take his first steps last year and now walks two miles to school.
labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in africa. he also called on the uk to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war. around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks trying to reach europe in boats launched from libya.
garnet was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but was abandoned after a fire in 1912. the montana mining town was devastated by fire and deserted. the u.s. bureau of land management is offering free food, housing and a job to people willing to live in garnet and work as a tour operator. local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents, with visitors saying they hear music and laughter and the sound of doors slamming. garnet is set to become a new tourist stop as the government prepares the village to be a tourist stop.
the edwardian-style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves. the brothel, formerly known as club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa. in 2008, tang became the first person to be found guilty under australia's sexual servitude laws for forcing the women to work at club 417. the property is currently between a t-shirt shop and a television repair company.
body of charmain adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath in a hotel room in ghana. husband eric isaiah adusahs is being held on suspicion of her murder. he is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher. the couple were married last september and had an eight-year-old son.
runulfo perez, 48, was arrested by police after allegedly groping the breasts of a 16-year-old girl. he was dressed as the cookie monster and greeted visitors to times square. but he was later released by manhattan district attorney after police could not be sure it was him. incident is the latest involving people dressed as costumed characters in new york.
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague. one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down disposable income and lifestyles. the debt of a divorced retiree averages £22,100, according to survey by prudential.
sarah silverman claimed she was paid less than her male friend todd barry for a gig at a new york comedy club. she told the story in a wage-discrimination-activism video for levo league. but club owner al martin revealed the story was false because silverman was a guest on the show. silverman has since publicly apologized to martin and revealed she fabricated the story. but she said critics should not use the story to undermine the gender pay gap campaign.
labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner 'lips' of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years. more than 2,000 operations performed on the nhs in australia in 2010. some women are dissatisfied or distressed about the appearance of their labia.
producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the uk for new series. move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools on days of auditions. teachers say children are playing truant as they attempt to find stardom on itv talent show.
kim, 34, works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband kanye west. she changes her food intake every ten days and works out every morning. star reveals her daily diet in extract from her book selfish. beyonce and jay z slimmed down after following a vegan diet for 22 days. gwyneth paltrow and madonna also follow strict diets.
leroy j. toppins went missing about 6pm friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in washington court house, ohio. his body was found in a pond at an abandoned stone quarry saturday night. more than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler for almost 24 hours. police say leroy was found dead in a runoff pond at the quarry, which had been abandoned for years.
former supermodel, 46, is gearing up for london marathon on 26 april. says she's feeling'stronger and healthier than ever' after giving birth in 2003. she was struck with post-partum haemorrhage after birth of daughter grace, now 11. christy launched every mother counts in 2010, an organization dedicated to making pregnancy safe.
hannah overton, 37, will not be tried on murder charges again in the death of her four-year-old adopted son andrew burd.    in september, the texas court of criminal appeals overturned overton's capital murder conviction in the 2006 salt poisoning death of the boy, citing ineffective counsel . overton was released from prison shortly before christmas after spending seven years in prison for the murder of her son. she was charged with capital murder but her conviction was overturned because of ineffective counsel, and prosecutors were set to try her again.
two anglers spent £9 on silicone glue to glue the boat together. the men were found without lifejackets and one was unable to swim. lifeboat crew had to rescue the pair after an oar snapped 200 yards off jaywick, essex. aaron jones and jamie toms had to be rescued from their homemade rowing boat. the pair used scrap wood, insulation board and polystyrene to build the 6ft vessel.
deputy prime minister said he would veto a new deal unless the tories agreed new taxes on the rich. mr clegg also suggested he would not allow lib dems to prop up david cameron in power if he insisted on cutting £12billion from the benefits bill. lib dem leader accused tories of ‘lashing out’ at labour because they could not win the election.
daniel p. finney, 39, of iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month. the morbidly obese writer is documenting his efforts to lose more than 300lbs without weight loss surgery. he has been overweight since high school and ignored his weight for years. after a series of health issues, he decided to get serious about losing weight and chronicle his journey.
the fbi say they recovered a 26-pound gold bar - worth up to $500,000 - somewhere in south florida. it is believed to be one of the gold bars stolen in a $5 million armored truck robbery in north carolina last month. armed robbers are suspected of stealing 275lbs of gold from an 18-wheeler taking the precious from miami to massachusetts on interstate 95. police have suspected it was an inside job because a guard on the truck 'felt sick' and pulled over after the heist. three armed men drove a white van and ordered the guards to lie on the ground, tied their hands behind their backs and marched them into the woods.
leah williamson scored a penalty for england in the european u19 women's championships qualifier against norway on saturday. the penalty was awarded after a controversial decision by uefa. england drew 2-2 and earned a place in this summer's finals in israel. the match was replayed five days later after an 18-second penalty shoot-out.    england captain took the spot-kick again during the rematch at the seaview stadium in belfast.
she became a model at the tender age of 14. the 34-year-old beauty walked for colcci during são paulo fashion week in her native brazil. the mother-of-two has announced she's retiring from the runway after 20 years. she has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
alan greaves was caught with almost 20,000 images of child abuse images on his computer and mobile phone. almost 700 of the images were of the most serious category, burnley crown court heard. police raided alan greaves's home in colne, lancashire in september 2013. greaves claimed he was framed by the illuminati by downloading the images. he was jailed for 21 months after pleading guilty to two offences of making indecent images.
angela maxwell thought husband richard was playing an april fools' day prank when he told her they won £53million. she returned to her five-hour shift at a local lunch club for pensioners a week after the win. the 67-year-old said she would not give up her job at coningsby community hall. the couple said they planned to use the money on buying a new minibus for local pensioners and upgrading family to first class.
david wihby, 61, was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday. he has been republican new hampshire senator kelly ayotte's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. he was one of ten men to be arrested in the last week by police on charges of prostitution.
jason lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to'shut the f*** up'   lee, 38, has pleaded not guilty to first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault charges. the former goldman sachs managing director could face 25 years in jail if convicted.
the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police. many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina. the protesters marched from manhattan's union square and across the brooklyn bridge where they partially blocked traffic.
students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses. foreign students who did not have ready access to the drug did better on average. statistics were collected at maastricht university in holland, where cannabis is decriminalised. economists say there is little evidence of how drug affects society.
s city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a nazi submarine. 100 tons of silver coins belonging to uk treasury were being transported on cargo ship. it was found at record depth of 5,150m (17,000ft) - 4,500ft deeper than titanic.
in supercars: the million pound motors is a new channel 4 series about the uk's supercar industry. experts sell luxury cars to the super rich and turn over millions of pounds every year. the industry is traditionally male-dominated but one woman is breaking the mould. saba syed and husband sheikh amari sell to the rich and famous. she says more and more women are coming into the market.
violeta tupuola has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge by using a shot glass to pump up her lips to huge proportions. the craze is sweeping social media as teens attempt to emulate kylie jenner's bee-stung pout. violeta lives near canberra and already has naturally beautiful voluptuous lips. she placed the shot glass over her mouth so the vacuum of air causes the lips to swell up. the bizarre look is said to be painful and last for hours, even days. many teens have shared the disturbing results of their experiments on twitter and instagram.
lord janner of braunstone was one of the most prominent labour politicians and campaigners of his time. he has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes and is now not fit to stand trial. director of public prosecutions ruled it was not in the public interest to put him on trial. detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim to have been abused by lord janner.
chris appleton has been working with natural brunette rita, 24, for the past two years. she needs to be colored every three weeks and has to sleep in a hair mask to keep her hair in the best condition. the singer is not planning to change to brunette any time soon.
little stella schaefer is being cared for in prison by heather mack, 19, who allegedly murdered her socialite mother sheila von wiese-mack in bali hotel last august. mack is accused of killing 62-year-old and stuffing her body in a suitcase with boyfriend tommy schaefer, 21. a blanket fell away, revealing the child's face to the world for the first time outside court today. lawyers for both mack and tommy said they rejected the premeditated charges that had been laid against them.
researchers plan to drill 5,000 feet (1,500 meters) below the surface of the chicxulub crater in mexico. uk researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago. they found the heat near the impact site in mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material. a heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight. previous researcher has questioned the theory that a global firestorm accompanied the asteroid that killed off the dinosaurs.
mr yuan, from changsha, was involved in the accident on march 24 and has been in hospital ever since. none of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years. one even had a son with him. women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them to let them know he was injured.
two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in goodge street, central london. it involved an audi tt sports car, a mercedes and two london buses. the four-vehicle pile-up happened this morning and forced the closure of the road. two people were taken to hospital after being treated for injuries.
lamborghini gallardo crashed into a tree and a bollard in beaumont leys, leicestershire. one of the rear wheels of the 202mph supercar flew off and narrowly missed a man walking his granddaughter home. martin johnson was walking his nine-year-old granddaughter charly pennett home at the time. onlookers claim the driver of the supercar laughed and said he would 'buy another one tomorrow'
natasha hope-simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee. she received weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space. because her prosthetic leg was covered, someone thought she was lying about being handicapped. despite receiving the angry notes, natasha felt flattered that someone mistook her for someone who could walk normally. she is an artist and uses her disability to create wearable art.
the unidentified newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is earl simmons, while at a new jersey gas station on easter morning. the victim said he had a conversation with dmx before a member of his entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money. the man told police that dmx grabbed $3,200 cash from his pocket and fled from the scene. no arrests were made and no criminal charges have been filed.
die-hard fans of actor al pacino can fly on a private jet with him from glasgow to london for £25,000. ticket package is part of a ticket package offered by cambridge-based tour operator event travel. package includes a commercial flight ticket and a ticket to pacino's speaking tour in uk and ireland. up to two fans will then fly with the 74-year-old actor on his entourage after the show.
corey edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect and had eight open-heart surgeries. his greatest wish was to see his parents get married at bristol children's hospital. craig and jemma had been engaged for years but his ill health put plans on hold. corey, who died five days after the ceremony, held the rings at the ceremony at his bedside.
karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland. it is the second time in two months that fishermen have reported being dragged by a suspected submarine. last month a trawler captain claimed his boat was dragged down by a russian submarine off the scottish coast.
two 49-year-old women and man arrested for being drunk and disorderly on flight from bristol to faro. two passengers were removed from the plane just before it left for the algarve. the passengers' actions caused further delays to the ryanair flight at bristol airport.
thief stole 124 antique watches worth more than £200,000 from luxury jewellers in hampstead, north london. he crawled on the floor 'like a snake' to avoid setting off infrared security beams. burglar spent just eight minutes in the luxury shop before fleeing in a 4x4. he and an accomplice returned the following night to try a similar break-in but were disturbed and fled.
sharon edwards, 55, was last seen alive at her grafton home on the nsw north coast on march 14. she was a teacher at coutts crossing public school in grafton, nsw. the mother-of-three was reported missing after she failed to turn up to work. police are treating her disappearance as a homicide investigation. her car was left in her driveway and her clothes were gone, but her phone and bag were still at home. police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare.
rodney stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in bellevue men's shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders. the shelter is located just one block from the k through 12 churchill school for learning-disabled children. three of the residents are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six.   stover was arraigned on thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday's attack at a manhattan bar.
the iron chef of america star has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years stephanie march. march is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup, it was reported on friday. march reportedly asked her spouse if he was romantically involved with mad men star january jones in 2010. he allegedly said no. the couple separated three weeks ago and bobby is said to have moved out of the couple's new york city apartment.
jamar nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers approached them. one of the teens was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real. jamar was shot in the back by officer miguel gutierrez and is suing the city of los angeles for $20 million. the officer who shot jamar and his friend, 17-year-old jason huerta, is still on duty.
justin whittington, 23, of bakersfield, california was taken into custody on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. surveillance video shows a man chasing a toddler then hitting him in the face at a vest market. the man, believed to be the toddler's father, was arrested on friday night. the boy was taken to a local hospital but did not require hospitalization.
andrea bradley, 28, and glen bates, 32, have been indicted on murder and child endangering charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter. glenara bates was brought to an ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant. the child had over 100 wounds to her body and was found in a bathtub filled with feces and blood. investigators say her parents dropped her from 6 feet above ground, and her mother tried to sew up her head wound with a needle and thread.   the mother of eight had seven children and is expecting her eighth child
female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure at ryemarket shopping centre, stourbridge. passers-by rushed to comfort her but thief took advantage and stole £60 cash from her handbag. police have released a cctv image of a woman they want to trace after the crime.
edwin mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims. he worked as an army recruitment sergeant at careers centre in croydon, south london. women claim he attacked them aged 15 to early twenties between 2010 and 2011. he denies each of the sexual assault allegations, saying they 'never happened'   he branded one alleged victim a 'time waster' and a liar and said she became pregnant after he raped her. he was medically discharged from the army in april 2014 after serving tours of duty in iraq and bosnia.
bbc boss danny cohen wants to turn sci-fi series starring peter capaldi into a big-budget film. but team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish reputation. doctor who is screened in 50 countries and is a global hit. leaked emails reveal bbc bosses want to turn series into a movie.
mandi l. walkley, 39, and jacob m. austin, 52, died after a sudden storm in washington's dungeness bay. they were part of a group of seven kayakers on a church-organized trip. william d. kelley, 50, remains hospitalized in serious condition after being rescued by the coast guard. the group was stranded in the water for one to two hours before they were rescued. the weather was calm as the group stopped at the new dungnesses lighthouse for lunch. but minutes later, the wind picked up with 35mph winds and swells of 3ft.
barry lyttle, 33, pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm in sydney court. the crown declined to downgrade the charge against his brother, patrick lyttle. barry was accused of leaving his brother in a coma after a late night argument on january 3. patrick, 31, spent six days in an induced coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother. he will now be sentenced in the local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court.
jeff mccubbery, 72, and ian bullock, 65, have vowed to keep aussie slang alive through a range of custom memorabilia. the best mates devised the idea to counter the influx of lingo from overseas.    the duo have devised a range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars. but they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to. the pair plan to launch a digital campaign to find a distributor to get their products on the market.
the high there! app is described as the world’s first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts. first launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in the us who live in states that have legalised cannabis. the network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships. the app deletes the accounts of people who post photos of the drug in their profile picture and takes down images of marijuana.
the brass lamp is being sold at auction in june by auctioneers hansons in etwall, derbyshire. it was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the nightingale family. the lamp dates back to around 1840 and was used to write nursing notes after returning from crimean war. florence became known as the lady with the lamp after writing about her nursing experiences.
residents from fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago, were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could. officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way. geraldine m schultz, 67, and jacklyn k. klosa, 69, were killed in her home.
police were making final security checks outside st. mary's hospital in paddington as duchess of cambridge is due to give birth. officers searched lamp posts and pulled apart posts as they searched for anything suspicious. royal fans had set up camp outside the lindo wing and decorated the area with bunting and posters. the duc duchess of cambridges' second child is due on the 25th april.
researchers found a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle at the 'rising whale' site in cape espenberg, alaska. trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus arrived in 1492. bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska, and researchers believe the artefacts were created in china, korea or yakutia.
claire, emily, christine and lily vincenti were taken from their mother's home in australia and returned to italy in 2012. the four sisters were forced to return to live with their father in italy. their mother, laura garrett, claimed she was trying to escape an abusive father. the girls are now aged 16 and 17 and are living a happy and happy life with their dad in florence. the two eldest sisters, claire and emily have told 60 minutes' tara brown they are happy and calm. they have expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic scenes of the girls' removal from their home.
lance futch, 26, drove to hill air force base in utah on friday to meet with a federal official about jobs for veterans. he was told it was an informal meeting with a white house official to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the field of solar energy. instead, he was sat at a table with president barack obama, senator orrin hatch, and other government officials wearing suits and ties.
eight-month-old boy was trapped in a range rover after his mother tried to open the door when her keys were locked inside. temperatures reached 23c in london and south east yesterday, making it the hottest day of the year so far. police officer pc resteghini smashed the window of the car to save the boy's life. it was the second-hottest day of 2014 after 23.8c at st james's park, london, yesterday.
jondrew lachaux, 39, and kellie phillips, 38, turned themselves in after children were found in las vegas. baby was found with severe malnutrition and a three-year-old was found dead in a car. jondrew faces child abuse charges and concealing evidence after the toddler's body was found in the garage. a sheltered teenager was impregnated by her stepfather and gave birth at home without medical care. she is being held in juvenile detention on a child abuse charge.
abubaker deghayes, 46, has left his home in brighton to travel to libya to rescue his eldest son amer, 21, who is fighting in syria. he has not heard from his son for four weeks and is trying to bring him home. amer is fighting for the jabhat al-nusra, a group affiliated with al-qaeda. his two younger sons abdullah and jaffar were killed fighting syrian government forces in separate incidents last year. he insists he did not 'run away' to join the fight and has informed british authorities.
the fight was captured on camera by wildlife photographer einar gudmann, who was woken up by howling. the two foxes fought each other in bitter sub-zero temperatures after one of them had been copulating with a vixen. the animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach.
ukip candidate victoria ayling is running for the key election seat of great grimsby. she said she spent five months 'nursing her son back to health after being blown up in afghanistan'   lieutenant colonel ron shepherd launched an investigation into whether she has misrepresented her son's situation. mrs ayling was caught on camera calling for all immigrants to be sent home in 2013.
four-year-old austin west passed away last saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into a pool at his family's home in gastonia, north carolina. the toddler's family went to set up a gofundme account to help raise money towards his funeral costs. when they discovered several fake fundraisers had already been set up for the toddler. the family are hoping to raise $10,000 to cover the funeral costs and related expenses.
lance corporal joshua leakey, 27, is only the sixth living british soldier the queen has presented with a victoria cross. he is second member of his family to receive the honour after cousin 70 years ago. paratrooper braved heavy taliban fire to rescue a wounded us marine in august 2013. queen told him: 'i don't get to give this one out very often' as he received the honour at windsor castle.
national front founder jean-marie le pen, 86, infuriated daughter marine, 46, with racist and anti-semitic remarks. he called holocaust 'a detail of history' and praised france's wartime leader marshal petain. marine accused her father of 'political suicide' after the comments. le pen now wants granddaughter marion marechal-le pen, 25, to replace him in regional elections.
democratic senator chris edwards sponsored the bill after his autistic son had episodes after hearing loud hand dryers. the measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels. that is about as loud as a school cafeteria.
ashley graham, 27, is the first plus-size model to appear in lane bryant's swimsuit issue. the supermodel recently launched her own lingerie collection for addition elle. she is a self proclaimed body activist and works to promote a healthy body image.
a state investigation was launched following complaints from farmers in the sacramento-san joaquin delta. at issue is california's century-old water rights system that has been based on self-reporting and little oversight. delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need. but they say they're not stealing it.
edwin 'jock' mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, aged between 15 and 25, during army interview process. he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas, southwark crown court heard. one of the women fell pregnant after he raped her in a locked waiting room. divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
unnamed woman's email was shared by a recipient on reddit and labelled'most demanding 1st birthday invite ever' demands a $63.99 water table from walmart, a $19.99 play tent and a $7.99 cheerios book. asks guests to include a receipt for each gift so she can get the full value back if she returns them. also asks that the gifts do not have her son's name on them, claiming that personalised goods attract kidnappers.
josh hamilton filed for divorce from his wife, katie, in late february, it has emerged. the divorce petition was filed in tarrant county, texas, and only cites 'conflict'   he self-reported a substance abuse relapse earlier this year and is now not allowed to see his four daughters without supervision. the filing comes just months after the couple celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary and hamilton gushed about his wife on social media.
fidel castro was last seen in public in public at the inauguration of an artist's studio in january 2014. he greeted venezuelans visiting havana and shook hands 'for hours' with them. it is his first public appearance since a landmark agreement with the us to reestablish ties. he was said to have appeared on monday.
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall married a decade ago at the windsor guildhall. the couple are spending their anniversary privately at birkhall in deeside. the photo was taken in the run-up to last month's visit to the u.s.
maurice thibaux, 67, stormed the catwalk at sydney's mercedes-benz fashion week on sunday night. he claims the noise was as loud as a jumbo jet. the french native lives next door to the carriageworks venue. he was trying to make a complaint about the noise at the opening show of the fashion week. maurice was escorted off the stage while fashion designer kym ellery was taking her bow. the 67-year-old said he had no problem with the music but the rumble that accompanied it.
three bedroom leeton property is currently for sale and is on the market for $179,000. police have swarmed over the property where vincent stanford, 24, lived with his mother and brother. the family have lived at the property for 13 months and have been renting the property. vincent was charged with the murder of stephanie scott on wednesday night. police allege they found blood and a picture of a burnt body inside the home. the property is on a quiet leeton street and is currently a crime scene.
the sewol ferry sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year killing more than 300 people. most of the victims were high school students. thousands of protesters call on the government to raise the stricken vessel at an estimated cost of £68 million. president park geun-hye has pledged to 'actively consider' raising the sewol.
roxy wallace, 50, was a bodyguard called bob, who struggled with depression and lived a reclusive life. she was unable to bond with her autistic son william, nine, and became a full-time carer. two years ago, she told her wife jo, 44, of 20 years, she wanted to live life as a woman. the pair are now in a lesbian relationship after roxy's transition.
the family of 81-year-old larry upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the kannapolis man's death and burial. upright's daughter, jill mclain, said the rock-ribbed republican was passionate about politics. 'we did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad'    a group of nevada sex workers have come out in favor of the democratic contender.
viv nicholson and her coal miner husband keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the pools in 1961. she announced she was going to'spend, spend, spend'   viv was so poor she couldn't even afford a pair of tights for the press conference. the couple moved into an upmarket bungalow and bought a pink cadillac.
paul tudor jones ii, the billionaire founder of tudors investment corporation, bought the casa apava estate in palm beach, florida, last week. the seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access. he spoke out against the rising wealth gap in america at a ted talk in canada last month - and bought the home days later. he has an estimated net worth of $4.6 billion.
johnny manziel has been released from rehab after checking into a facility on january 28 . the cleveland browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on april 20. the footballer has been in treatment for six weeks after entering a facility for alcohol addiction. he was known for his partying while at texas a&m and was released after his rookie season.
heidi bretscher, 28, was running the rock n' roll raleigh marathon when she got lost at mile 17. she was on pace to run her best time ever and was leading the women's race by 30 minutes. she ended up running three miles off course and around a lake that wasn't on the course. a police officer gave her a ride back to mile 17 and drove her back to the finish line. she still managed to finish the race nine minutes ahead of her closest rival.
customs officials found 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and a suspected leopard cub. two baby crocodiles died on the journey from jakarta to russia's domodedovo airport. the menagerie was found in a 27kg bag belonging to a female passenger travelling from indonesia. she faces up to seven years in prison if found guilty of smuggling the exotic animals. the suspect claimed she bought the animals for £130 in a market in ind indonesia.
brian klawiter posted a message on his company's facebook page on tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in grandville, michigan. he said he considers homosexuality to be wrong. the mechanic claims he was taking a stand for conservative christian values and promised a discount for gun owners. critics have accused him of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an indiana pizzeria over $840,000.
richard kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken from the home in belfast to london in the 1970s. he was allegedly abused by politicians and other establishment figures at dolphin square and elm guest house. mr kerr said he suffered abuse at kincora children’s home and other locations.
tibor racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle, north of sydney, on sunday night. the father and his 13-year-old daughter were attacked by a gang of 25 teenagers. he was dragged across the road by at least three young men and kicked in the stomach and head. both were treated at the scene for minor injuries.
chair was on first class promenade deck when liner sank after hitting iceberg in 1912. was found bobbing on the surface of the atlantic by crew of the mackay-bennett. has since been owned for 15 years by an english titanic collector. anonymous owner has never sat on it due to its fragile state and used it as a display item.
condemned staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her owner's backyard. knox city council decided izzy should be put down. izzy was deemed aggressive by the council and will be destroyed. for the first time in history a dog on death row is having its case heard in the high court of australia. lawyers for victorian woman tania isbester appealed to the court hoping to have her dog saved from being destroyed. the council has refused to rehabilitate and rehome izzy.
prince harry is taking part in exercises with royal australian artillery troops in the outback of western australia. the prince is due to leave the british military in june after 10 years' service. he has completed two tours of afghanistan and is currently on a month-long attachment with the 1st brigade. prince harry started his army career in 2005 and is expected to retire in july.
kyle schwartz is a third-grade teacher at doull elementary school in denver, colorado. last month she devised a lesson plan called 'i wish my teacher knew...' to learn more about her students' personal struggles. she shared some of the notes from her students on twitter, and teachers across the nation started sharing their own results.
bob heslip, 50, suffers from neurofibromatosis type 1, or nf-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction. he has joined the venice beach freakshow and said for the first time in his life he feels comfortable in his skin. the noncancerous lumps began appearing on his body around puberty and became more severe as he aged.
drunkards banned from every boozer in birmingham for a string of crimes including drink-driving a steam engine and riding a horse while drunk. they were placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the inebriates act of 1898. offenders were ordered to work up to 21 days of 'hard labour' for being drunk and disorderly.
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court. they are now appealing to indonesia's constitutional court. attorney-general hm prasetyo has declared the move as a delay tactic. the pair's lawyers are seeking a constitutional court review to make clear the president's obligations on considering clemency . they also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals.
judy murray, 55, says she is 'terrible' at dancing and left newlyweds to it at reception at cromlix house hotel. andy and kim murray married at dunblane cathedral on saturday afternoon. judy's mother, shirley erskine, 80, said the wedding was 'fantastic' and 'wonderful'   mrs murray wore a white dress coat, the same colour as the stunning jenny packham gown worn by bride, kim sears.
professor ninian peckitt, 63, claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture of a patient's broken cheekbone. he punched the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head. the patient was under anesthetic at ipswich hospital when he was struck off. he was 'erased' from the medical register after a hearing at a medical tribunal.    he claimed he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face and denied any wrongdoing but was found unfit to practice.
lobster pound and moore, in cape breton, nova scotia, had posted 'effective as of now, we will no longer allow small screaming children'   owner richard moore issued a detailed and sincere apology on facebook after receiving 'hate and threats' from parents. the restaurant later deleted the post and said that it chose the 'wrong words' for the policy.
summer elbardissy was partying at beta theta pi fraternity house at wesleyan university in middletown, connecticut. she tried to reach makeshift roof deck at college's fraternity house but fell out of third-story window. sophomore was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including brain swelling, a broken skull and pelvis. she was forced to undergo intubation and had to relearn how to walk, swallow food and get dressed. now, she has filed a lawsuit against the fraternity and college and is still recovering from the fall.
charles kingham, 86, and partner pauline moore, 68, have been together for 40 years. bought their home in mablethorpe, lincolnshire, for £35,000 in 1987. it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an offender management centre. every window in the home has been smashed and they have been forced to board it up. the couple have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress of the ordeal.
the 34-year-old reality tv star was captured dining at a non-kosher restaurant in the holy land alongside her husband, rapper kanye west, 37, and jerusalem's mayor, nir barkat, on monday. but on tuesday, she was cropped out of a photo of her dining at the restaurant by the ultra-orthodox news site, hakikar. in the photo, her face and body were obscured by a copy of the $692 bill. kim and kanye were visiting jerusalem with their 22-month-old daughter, north, to baptize her at the site of jesus christ's crucifixion.
pro-golfer russell henley flew to master's tournament - but his golf clubs were lost by united airlines. he tweeted his frustration to the airline and apologised for the mix-up. maisie williams was banned from the british airways business lounge for not being 18. naomi campbell flew into a rage when her bags were not loaded on a flight.
apple watch available for pre-order on friday, april 10, 2015. will go on sale on 24th april. can be pre-ordered online and shipped for delivery beginning april 24. will be available in retail stores and at special popup stores around the world.
three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway, 2km south of fernvale, on wednesday afternoon. four children, including an infant and two young girls, have been airlifted to hospital. a 40-year-old man has chest and shoulder injuries. the three car pileup happened on a busy highway. the highway has been closed and diversions in place.
survivors said men on the deck ran to one side of the boat after a commercial ship was spotted. women and children were sheltering from the cold in the hull and died as water flooded the hull. italian coastguard said 145 people have been rescued and nine bodies have been found.
superyacht owners and charter clients are kept busy with requests from the world's super-rich. one client ordered a week's worth of fresh fruit and vegetables to be flown from france to the maldives. a party on a desert island took four months to plan and hired three 'a-list' musical acts. one superyacht owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals.
artwork by german artist jörg düsterwald is the brainchild of a 49-year-old bodypainter from hameln, germany. the pictures show models camouflaged in woodland against a backdrop of overgrown woodland. the artist is a well-renowned body painter who has used his skills in tv adverts and corporate events.
prime minister david cameron will announce 70% discount to all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy home. but national housing federation says it will cost taxpayers £5.8billion and is worth £100,000 to each family. chartered institute of housing says the move will do nothing to tackle the housing crisis. labour claim the policy has 'unravelled' and is costing taxpayers £100million a year.
the ch-53e super stallion landed on the beach in northern san diego county after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit. no one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to miramar air station. the helicopter is the largest and heaviest in the u.s. military.
psychologists at new york university have been trying to understand how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' that gain significance. emotion increases our ability to remember by affecting activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing. strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events, and for negative events. emotion also increases the strength of our memory over time - a process called consolidation. researchers said we remember highly emotional events better than neutral events.
tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in georgia with his two children, sam, 8, and charlie, 6, and his girlfriend lindsey vonn. golf wag and u.s. skier vonn was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown and accessorized with diamonds and louis vuitton. other golfers brought their wives, girlfriends or children as caddies to the par 3 contest.
if you know where to look and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals. from private islands and aston martins to castles and 75ft yachts you can holiday like millionaire. no six-figure salary or coutts bank account necessary to holiday like a millionaire.
female driver in a toyota aygo pulled in front of colin kay on the a586 in great eccleston in lancashire last year. he was driving a citroen picasso and his wife was in the passenger seat. mr kay captured the collision on a dashcam and gave the footage to police. but police officer investigating the case went off sick and there will be no further action. the 72-year-old has taken his case to the independent police complaints commission after learning of the decision.
just 11 per cent of research funding from government and charities was allocated to dementia. 19p is allocated from each £10 spent on health and social needs of patients for stroke research. amount spent on cancer research is 13 times higher than dementia and six times more than stroke. almost two-thirds of research funds allocated to cancer and coronary heart disease.
workers at two texas stores, as well as in california, florida and oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. almost 550 people lost their job at the pico rivera store in california alone. walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected on paid leave for two months. some employees believe the stores are being closed because of protests by workers.
conchita van der waal, 46, worked at the central bank of the netherlands for eight years. she offered a range of 'kinky' sexual services to clients from €450 an hour. the dutch bank told a magazine that she had been fired over 'integrity issues'
snp suggested it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the trident nuclear defence programme. labour’s shadow leader of the commons revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung parliament. snp deputy leader stewart hosie said snp could vote against 'any bit of spending' it does not agree with.
two four-year pilot culls in somerset and gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them. bva said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle. environment secretary promised to roll out more culls across the country if the tories win the election.
bizarre deal to sell theory of 'deliverology' to colombia shows blair's demands for confidentiality. former labour prime minister's fees paid by united arab emirates, not colombian government. it includes a requirement that his wife cherie join him on trips to south america. mr blair last week denied being in the 'league of the super-rich'
dr mark porter, head of the british medical association, the doctors' union, said whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges. all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the nhs should be free at the point of use.
chelsy davy, 29, was at the launch party for new london restaurant, the ivy chelsea garden. wore a white layered chiffon top paired with navy trousers and tan wedges. she was seen laughing and joking with friend, irene forte. davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller charles goode. had a six-year relationship with prince harry.
yaphank, long island, was once home to a pro-nazi camp for nazis. the german american bund was a group of americans who supported the cause of the third reich. the town's streets were once named adolf hitler, goebbels and goering. the nazi camp was founded by friends of new germany and was one of several scattered across the u.s.   the bund organized military demonstrations where they waved both the american and nazi flags.
sue and charlie macdonald are still grieving for their son gareth who was killed at the age of 30 in 2007. glen rycroft, 37, was conning gareth and his family out of money. when he discovered his lover was a conman, he murdered him with a fire extinguisher. sue and charley are still wondering what they could have done differently to prevent his death. rydcroft was jailed for life for murder and sentenced to life in prison in 2009.
andrea trunfio, 36, and mario bretti, 64, argued over ownership of a new housing development in swindon.   younger ice cream man chased mr bretti in his van and blocked him with his van. he then punched him through the driver's window and threatened to kill him. but witnesses said    the younger man got out and attacked his older rival after chasing him.
the monster vegetable weighs more than a three-year-old child and measures 1.2 metres long. it was grown by keen gardener mr li in china's yunnan province and has gone viral. it is so big it has been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village. he claimed the specimen had been grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers.
the app, called eaze, has been dubbed ‘uber for weed’ and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver. users have to live in one of the us states where the drug is legal. the californian start-up has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million) so that users can ‘find the perfect medicine’ in more states. the sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in alaska, colorado, and washington.
former scottish secretary says talking up threat posed by snp is'short-term and dangerous'    ed miliband accused of 'playing fast and loose' with the future of the union by talking up the snp's threat.   labour leader said   leader was 'threatening the integrity of the uk' with his campaign attacks.
jason lee, 38, a former managing director at goldman sachs, was arrested in august 2013 after a 20-year-old irish woman accused him of raping her in a bathroom at his home in east hampton, new york. lee was celebrating his birthday at a nightclub when he invited the woman and her friends back to his home. police found lee cowering in his range rover when they arrived at the house. he has pleaded not guilty and is free on bail.
denise fedyszyn, 37, weighed 20 stone 4lb and wore dress size 26. she was told in front of her children she was too fat to go on a fairground ride. she joined weightwaters and changed her diet and exercise regime. in just 12 months she has lost half her body weight and is now a size 10. her friend lisa walters weighed 13st 5lbs and was a bridesmaid at a friend's wedding. she has shed 35lbs in two months taking her down to 11st and a dress size 10/12.
author hilary mantel's second book bring up the bodies has been renamed 'wolf hall ii' for the american stage. author has revised the theatrical adaptation of her tudor novels for a run on broadway. she said she believes it will be a hit and has cut 'a lot of repetition' from the play. the british cast of the stage version opens tomorrow at the winter garden theatre in times square.
adam leheup, 34, met his alleged victim on the 'let's date' mobile phone app on july 9, 2013. he met the 25-year-old woman at waterloo station and went to gordon's wine bar. he missed his last train home and his date agreed to put him up for the night. he allegedly told her 'girls say no but they don't really mean it' and insisted on having sex with her. the woman told police he was on top of her and she was shouting 'no, no' but he refused to stop. he has pleaded not guilty to raping the woman at blackfriars crown court and denies rape.
bilal skaf was assaulted by three other inmates at goulburn correctional centre on friday. a 33-year-old inmate sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital. he was the leader of the rape gang which attacked teenage girls in sydney's southwest. bilal was sentenced to 55 years' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in 2000. his brother mohammed was also convicted of the gang rapes and is serving 32 years.
samantha cameron, 43, wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by london-based designer the fold. supported husband david at the conservative party's manifesto launch in swindon. the prime minister's wife is a huge fan of british designers and wore the hampton dress.
leaj jarvis price, 24, allegedly shot dead by husband eric heath price, 25, in doctor's office in jemison, alabama. she ran into surgery screaming 'call the police' after arguing with her husband. he was a marine veteran and father of her six-year-old son. price then returned to nearby home and staged a standoff with 40 police officers for hours. price was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head following the standoff. he has since been charged with the murder of mrs price, who was a nursing student. price apparently posted on his facebook page saying he was going to 'die today' after the
oz clarke puts to the test this oak bottle that claims to 'oak age' wine in hours rather than years. the product is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur joel paglione. the oak bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour in a day or two.
services by west coast railways suspended after'most serious' case of a near collision so far this year. train failed to stop at a signal on march 7 and a 100mph collision was missed by a minute. network rail ban is the first since privatisation and affects all chartered services. the company owns the hogwarts express train used in the films.
20-year-old british tourist claims she was molested by a taxi driver in jaipur, rajasthan, india. the driver, known as salim, is accused of assaulting the woman on friday evening. the man has been arrested and is being held in custody. his arrest follows a number of incidents of sexual assault reported in india in recent months.
cyril smith took the party whip for four years in parliament and was feted as a lib-dem grandee in the years before he died . mr clegg accused labour's simon danczuk of choosing 'to airbrush out the fact that cyril smith was a labour politician'   smith did not belong to the liberal democrats at the time he was abusing scores of young boys.
brandy savelle and tony gervasi's pet potbelly pig, caesar, was shot dead at the weekend. he wandered off from his family's home in northern michigan. a state department of natural resources conservation officer believed he was a feral pig. the officer claimed caesar 'came out of the woods at me' and made him feel threatened. the family are trying to get caesar's body back, but can only take possession of his ashes.
the voice unlock feature has not been officially announced by google. known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'ok, google'   even google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options. the feature has begun to appear on some android handsets. google also offers an alternative way to unlock an android phone - using your face.
yulia tarbath, 33, from surrey, moved to bali with her husband paul in 2009 to set up a life-coaching business. she exercised twice a day and ate 30 pieces of fruit - including eight mangoes and ten bananas. yulia led a raw vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit, vegetables and juice. she gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy and took two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone.
dozens of protesters were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion thirty meter telescope on mauna kea in hawaii. game of thrones actor jason momoa, who is native hawaiian, attended protests. protesters say that the mountaintop is on top of sacred burial ground land. the mountain is a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess poli'ahu. thirty-one people were arrested at the site and protesters want a 30-day moratorium on construction.
archbishop of brisbane phillip aspinall said he supported father paul kelly's calls for the homosexual advance defence to be removed from queensland common law. the defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the victim 'came on' to the killer. dr aspinall has joined a local catholic priest in calling for the 'gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped.
a pew research center survey found that 92% of us teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly. african-american and hispanic youth are among the most active internet users. household incomes can influence which social network children use - with instagram and snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families.
savannah guthrie's eight-month-old daughter vale giggled with glee when her mom tried to get her to sleep using tissue paper. the mother-of-one was trying to calm her down with a tip from an australian father. but the trick didn't have a calming effect on baby vale.
population was deemed healthy in hundreds of northern european fisheries analysed. cod stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s after being heavily overfished. but industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006. one in nine fisheries operate sustainably, but 400 have serious failings in data management.
greece has more than 6,000 islands, most of them uninhabited. kefalonia is one of the most beautiful greek islands. it was the setting for louis de bernières's novel captain corelli's mandolin. the film was actually shot on the island where the book's events took place.
clair schuler, who goes by the stage name cici ryder, is a drag queen who was friends with robert durst when he was living as deaf, mute woman. the 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on galveston island, on the texas gulf coast and went by the name of dorothy in the early 2000s. clair said durst was'very infatuated with the drag queens' and carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts. he is now facing the death penalty in california, where he is accused of murdering his longtime friend susan berman in 2000.
paul nuttall appeared in party’s manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book called ‘british rebels and reformers’    vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942. ukip deputy leader later took to twitter to joke about the allegations, insisting he just had 'two copies of every book'   immigration spokesman suzanne evans appeared to contradict her own border policies after saying party wants to 'control who walks over it'
quincy hazel and sabrina golden-hazel, both 44, charged with child neglect after two of their children, a 17-year-old boy and a 12-year old girl, told investigators they were locked in a closet for days on end. the children were forced to eat from a bucket and to sleep on the floor. the couple, from riviera beach, florida, also allegedly never took the children to a doctor or dentist. they have been charged with two counts of child neglect with great bodily harm. the older child ran away from home and was living on the street.
luke shambrook was found three kilometres from where he went missing at lake eildon national park. the 11-year-old autistic boy was lost for four days alone in the bush without food or water. he has been going to the candlebark campground since he was just one year old. his parents rachel and tim have vowed to take him back to the campground for more holidays. luke was reunited with his family at royal children's hospital in melbourne on wednesday.
our ideal dog has the body of a border collie, the ears of a king charles spaniel and the tail of an irish setter. a third of owners want their dog to have a'short-haired' and 'low maintenance' coat like an english bulldog. 2,000 pet owners voted for the ideal dog in a survey by frontline spot on. the great dane was most popular in east anglia and londoners preferred a small and lap-sized dog.
madison small, from ashburn, left school early on monday and woke up in the night with a severe headache. she was rushed to hospital and died on tuesday morning. loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis. the bacteria causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell. it is the school system's first confirmed case of the disease in two years.
oliver pareece jones, 37, was last seen at a walmart on april 5 around 8.45am. he was caught on surveillance camera checking out of the four points sheraton hotel in california and took out $800 in cash. the father of five from colorado was traveling from las vegas. he spent more than $350 on items including clothes, a radio, backpack and camping gear. jones was reportedly mugged and assaulted during the trip and was left with a concussion. his family believes he checked himself out of a hospital. a private investigator learned a homeless man said he spoke to jones outside of the walmart and he was interviewed
phil haste, 60, was also told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car, even though he has a valid parking permit. the businessman is refusing to pay the £50 fine from torbay council car park. he said it was a 'diabolical' decision and he would rather go to court than pay the fine. the government abolished paper tax discs on october 1 last year.
geoff johnson, 37, moved out of his mother's home in omaha, nebraska, when he was 17 in 1995. his mother was a compulsive hoarder and his mother died of breast cancer in 2013. he and his younger sister jennifer, also 37, returned to the home after their mother's death to confront their past. they created a series of images superimposing their own children onto images of the home to document the reality of being a hoarder's child.
iona costello, 51, and daughter emily, 14, were last seen on march 30 near their home in greenport, long island. car was found in a parking garage in new york city and police say they do not expect foul play. iona was 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of her late husband's adult children. the pair were going to manhattan to see a play and often go to shows and museums in the city. emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break.
chlorine gas — carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions — was used for the first time on april 22, 1915. some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack. on tuesday the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
kelli jo bauer, 45, was arrested at her $900,000 home in overland park, kansas city. she was accused of stealing more than $100,000 worth of women's clothing. bauer told undercover officers she was selling the goods because she had lost weight. she is on house arrest as a condition of bond after being charged with theft. she allegedly advertised more than 1,000 items of designer clothing on facebook.
karen buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend, sparking a four-day police search. 24-year-old's body was found on a farm north of glasgow after being missing for a week. around 300 people attended a vigil at george square in memory of the nursing student. miss buckley's parents marian and john, and their son kieran, joined mourners at the memorial. a man, believed to be alexander pacteau, 21, has been charged with murder in connection with her death.
two pupils from hengshui no 2 middle school have plunged to death since october. internet users suggest fence was put up to prevent more pupils from committing suicide. school is known for its aggressive teaching style and academic achievement. education authority is investigating the case.    school is an 'exemplary school' with nearly 10,000 pupils and 500 teachers.
sales of a burberry poncho carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £1,000 have helped boost profits. ponchos and trench coats and scarves have boosted burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter. brand's global sales are up 10% for the six months to the end of march.   70 per cent of sales went to customers who wanted their initials monogrammed on to the design.
john kerry said washington would not accept foreign interference in the country in direct criticism of tehran's backing of shiite houthi fighters. comes as a saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in yemen at start of third week of bombing. iran's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei has warned that last week's framework accord with world powers was no guarantee of final nuclear deal.
council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at the steer inn in wilberfoss, east yorkshire. owner david crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations. food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption and had exceeded its use by date. kitchen equipment was in an unhygienic condition due to disrepair and there was a dirty floor.
arthur baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on friday on a residential street in south-eastern d.c. he has been charged with a felony charge of attempted burglary and destruction of property. agent baldwin is posted to the foreign missions branch of the service. the agency revoked his security clearance and put him on leave.
bargain products sold at two dollar stores have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases. a study of four major discount retailers in the united states found 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern'    the chemicals are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin and are linked to birth defects, cancer and other health issues.
robert penny, 83, has been charged with the murder of his wife margaret penny and claire acocks. he was charged with two counts of murder at melbourne magistrates court on monday. claire was murdered at a hair salon in portland, victoria on may 3, 1991. penny said he was shocked when police charged him with the double murder. the 83-year-old was remanded in custody to appear in court for a committal mention on july 6.
the 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from broadway play 'fish in the dark' earlier this month, announced on tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer. she said she underwent a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery last week. her first test for cancer came back negative but she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion. she shared the news through a statement.
the obama administration will begin telling some suspected terrorists if and why they are on a list of tens of thousands of people banned from flying to, from or within the u.s. the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the transportation security administration. but the american civil liberties union has been challenging the constitutionality of the no-fly list.
mary murphy, 66, and her partner john wood, 67, died after falling down the stairs at their home in failsworth, greater manchester. she is thought to have tried to grab hold of her partner when he stumbled at the top of the stairs. but she slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths. their bodies were found by paramedics in the hallway of their terraced home.
traffic police officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 in gloucesteshire after pulling over a driver. they spotted the caravan's back window was open and dived out of the way with seconds to spare. the caravan narrowly missed the officers and narrowly missed a workman as it sped past.
street cleaners in trujillo, north-western peru, found the mummified remains in a cardboard box wrapped in rope. they initially feared it was a murder victim and called the police. it is thought to date back to 1100 ad and was found in front of an archaeological dig site.
joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn, newport for eight months. her son steve found a 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in the fridge of her home. he is now campaigning for changes to be made to ensure better food standards. other substandard meals at the sheltered housing complex include a lasagne 'full of oil'
bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday's bournemouth bay 10k run at the weekend. 300 runners were sent on two-mile detour after a race marshal took a toilet break during the event. they continued past unmanned marshal point and had to run for extra three kilometres. bournmouth borough council has appealed for those affected to contact them.
brides are thinking outside the box more when it comes to their wedding dresses nowadays. they are opting for short, boho, quirky traditional and more. andy murray and kim sears' wedding dress has split opinion on social media. many brides still opt for the traditional white gown. solange knowles and alan ferguson both opted for a jumpsuit for their nuptials.
steve smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at bilston market in the west midlands. opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent at the age of 18 in 1990. he sold the company 10 years later for £50million and gave half of profits to his parents. mr smith lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in shropshire and still receives 'pocket money' from his wife tracy.
the duke and duchess of cambridge and prince harry will star in itv's new comedy spoof show, newzoids. other royals and celebrities will also feature in the six-part series, which starts later this month. the show has been likened to 1980s spoof show spitting image. itv show will also star prince charles and paul hollywood and mary berry.
property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent over the next 12 months. london will fare the worst, with prices actually dropping by 3.6 per cent. it follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4% in the capital. economists said housing market had ‘got ahead of itself’ last year.
one ship - hms ocean - even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs' during last nine years. at least one woman was airlifted from hms illustrious, which was nicknamed 'hms lusty' by crew. ministry of defence spokesman confirmed there was a strict 'no touching' rule in place at sea.
the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald, 19. the due date is november first, their wedding anniversary. in late march an image of the two was uploaded to facebook that suggested they could be expecting. jessa's baby will be the sixth grandchild for the duggars.
the home, dubbed 'pv14', also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people, a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and downtown dallas. matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a 3,700 sq ft three-bedroom home. mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home.
dental kits allow people to carry out fillings and repair caps and crowns at home. more and more people are turning to diy dentistry kits due to the price of nhs dental treatment. the cost of receiving filling by a nhs dentist in england is as much as £52. the kits can cost as little as £5 and can be bought in pound shops.
kfc's quiz contains a total of 30 questions which are designed to rank applicants. only one third of applicants make it through to the interview process. daily mail australia has been told that the test is not 'deeply scientific'   head of human resources, robert phipps, said the test was designed to ranks the thousands of applicants. he estimated that only one-third of applicants get a job with the company.
severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday. it's the worst storm to hit the nsw coast in a decade but no warning was given that it was going to be this bad. emergency services admit they were shocked by the severity of the storm. the storm was forecasted to hit closer to newcastle than port macquarie. weatherwatch australia says the weather system changed very rapidly and the storm lasted for 24 hours straight.
real life conman turned fraud prevention expert frank abagnale has said individuals in the western world have probably already had their identities stolen. he was played by leonardo di caprio in the 2002 film catch me if you can as a conman. the 66-year-old has spent the rest of his career working with the fbi on fraud detection and prevention. he said the public is underestimating the extent of identity theft.
pippa middleton, 31, was spotted out jogging in london for the second time this week. is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from london to brighton to raise money for british heart foundation. the younger sister of the duchess of cambridge is a fitness fanatic.
jamyra gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt, 30, at an upscale washington hotel on february 9. she stole just $40 and the victim's metro smartrip card. her roommate and alleged girlfriend dominique johnson, 19, was arrested on wednesday and charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery. johnson is accused of being an accomplice to the murder of the married lawyer at the donovan hotel. she was charged because she knew gallmon was going to rob him and helped to buy the zip ties used to tie him up. messers chmitt was found dead in his hotel
more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water at a lake in southern china's guangdong province. commercial fish farm owner mr zhang claims the lake was polluted with ammonia from a nearby farm. he is facing financial ruin as he stands to lose over 1 million rmb (£110,000) in potential sales.
andrew barr was principal of the geelong college in melbourne. a photo of him watching pornography in his office went viral on social media. the school council launched an investigation after the photo was posted on snapchat. mr barr was photographed through a window as he watched porn in his school office. chairman of the college council, dr hugh seward, said the matter was a serious breach of the school's standards.
lib dem leader urges rivals to help stop alex salmond from'strutting his stuff' in westminster. former scottish first minister hopes to make a return to the commons as mp for gordon. mr clegg urges supporters of rival parties to vote tactically to stop him returning to parliament. polls suggest lib dems face near-wipeout in scotland, with the snp on 43 per cent.
raymond allen, 87, opened the first franchise in preston, lancashire, in 1965. he is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe. he still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices. mr allen said the company has 'ruined' the product.
genetic analysis of bones of ‘altamura man’ has revealed they belong to a neanderthal who fell into cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago. skeleton was found fused to the walls of a cave in altamura, italy, in southern italy. it was discovered in 1993 after an adult male fell down a sinkhole and starved to death. researchers analysed dna extracted from the bones and found he was a man who fell down the cave. the dna is the oldest to ever be extracted from a human skeleton.
the remains of friedrich  branft, 22, make the first complete skeleton to be recovered from the battle of waterloo. he was found under a car park at the waterloo battlefield and identified by historians. the soldier was identified as friedrich brandt, 23, a hanoverian hunchback who was killed by a musket ball lodged between his ribs. it took three years of research to identify the soldier.
researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in fukushima. scientists analysed 57 species in the region and found that the majority of populations had diminished as a result of the nuclear disaster in 2011. researchers at the university of south carolina. researchers have discovered that bird numbers have dramatically declined in the area. the barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens. this is despite radiation levels in the. region starting to fall. and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
bar jellyfish have been spotted in water off the coast of devon and cornwall. experts believe they have been attracted by warmer waters and a lack of predators. the barrel jellyfish can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb. fishermen have hauled in hundreds of the jellyfish each the size of a dustbin lid.
xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region of italy. contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year. farmers have opposed the government's destruction plan, saying it won't stop the spread of the disease. first seven trees have been cut down and are to be burned today.
clive howard, 57, jailed for life after admitting seven counts of rape, three of kidnap and one of attempted rape. he was dubbed 'every woman's living nightmare' for string of attacks on six women over 28 years. one of his victims, jessica howard , 23, confronted him in court and denounced 'night stalker' howard. she told him he had taken away 'every piece of joy' in her life and destroyed her life. howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months at norwich crown court.
foreign office is looking into reports that two britons were among six passengers on the light aircraft. pilot was attempting to make emergency landing after taking off from punta cana airport in dominican republic. single-engine piper pa-32 crashed in a golf course adjacent to the airport at about 8.15am today. four of the passengers were tourists from spain and two were from britain. the plane was en route to samana peninsula off the north coast of the island.
luke harris and daryl lee, from surrey, had their first child three months ago and are celebrating birth of second baby. they enlisted the help of three surrogate mothers to give birth to son phoenix blue and daughter willow-star. baby number three, a boy, is due in july and will complete family of three within seven months. the civil partners met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012.
the online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits. among the most popular was a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons. royal fans have already set up camp outside the maternity unit where she is due to give birth.
labour leader insisted snp mps would not be able to dictate policy, even if he fails to win a majority. it comes after scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said labour could only govern with support of snp. but miliband rejected claims snp would be 'calling the shots' if labour did not have majority.   he refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs, crime and tuition fees.
the chair has been on display at the henry ford museum in dearborn, michigan, for 85 years. on april 15, it will be removed from its enclosure to be displayed for the 150th anniversary of the assassination. abraham lincoln was shot in washington d.c.'s ford's theatre in 1865 by pro-confederacy actor, john wilkes booth. the chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting. but historians at the museum say that the stain is oil from other people's heads.
claim was made by the commander of russian space command, oleg maidanovich. he said someone was hiding satellites as space junk in earth orbit. but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse. official refused to comment on how many such satellites there were and which countries were operating them. the claims were made on'space day'   it suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on earth.
thaddeus mccarroll, 23, was killed outside his jennings home on friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife. his mother told police her son had barricaded himself in a home and was carrying knives and a samurai sword. police say he'refused to listen to officers and charged at them' and officers shot him with a 'less lethal impact weapon' after he refused to drop the knife.
passengers were stranded overnight on the mv azores in lisbon harbour after 15-night cruise to bristol avonmouth. were due to leave at 7pm on tuesday but lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over 'historic' financial wrangle. harbour master refused to let the ship leave and passengers arrived back in the uk 19 hours late. legal dispute was between owners portuscale cruise and one of former crew member.
susan farmer, 37, from eddy, texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) and was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face death. she was told she would die unless she dropped more than half her weight. at her heaviest, she was unable to walk for more than 30 seconds at a time. her mother continued to buy her fatty foods and she lives with her mother nita.
yougov poll of more than 2,000 britons revealed we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week. almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell. research showed tea-drinking habits increase as we get older, with 55 and over drinking 21 cups a week.
the mysterious ‘antarctic bw29 signal was recorded near the orkney islands, south shetland islands and antarctic peninsula. experts are sure the noise isn’t made by arnoux's beaked whales or cuvier’s beaked whale, because the signal doesn't match their songs. but the song could belong to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bottlenosed whale or a gray’’, according to the study.
marilyn zuniga allowed her students to write to convicted police killer mumia abu-jamal after he became ill in prison. third grade class wrote 'get well soon' letters to him after he was hospitalized. she was suspended from her job as a teacher for allowing the letters. but she apologised and said the children wanted to send notes to him. abu jamal is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in 1981.
great grandfather bill dudley has worked at mcdonald's in mold, flintshire, north wales, for nine years. he works two days a week and says his job 'helps me stay young and i just keep going'   he joined the team nine years ago after growing 'bored' pottering around the house. he served in the royal navy during the second world war.
carlos manuel perez jr, 28, was killed inside high desert state prison in indian springs, nevada. he was fighting andrew jay arevalo, 24, inside maximum-security prison. a trainee corrections officer allegedly opened fire four times in a row trying to break up the fight. the blasts killed perez and left arevala with wounds to his face.
stéphane charbonnier, known as charb, finished his book two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen. he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons were ‘ridiculous demagogues’ for doing so. he argues that some intellectuals who condemned the drawings were merely attention-seekers. he also defends charlie hebdo's controversial depictions of the prophet.
temperatures are due to rise throughout today and are set to peak at 22c (72f) tomorrow in the south east of britain. it will be the warmest temperature recorded this year and surpass the average daytime temperature for august. the department for environment, food & rural affairs has issued a warning to asthma sufferers of'very high' air pollution tomorrow.
governor mary fallin signed bill allowing state to use nitrogen gas as alternative method of death. nitrogen gas has never been used to execute humans before. executions in the state are currently on hold while supreme court rules on new lethal injection mix. it comes after a botched execution last year in which inmate writhed on gurney for 43 minutes.
more than 4,000 people, including hundreds of school children, lined the streets of dereham to wave farewell to the light dragoons. the reconnaissance unit is moving from robertson barracks in swanton morley to catterick, north yorkshire, after 15 years in the county. more than 250 men and women from the regiment marched through the town for the final time. they will hand over barracks to another unit in the summer and move 200 miles to their new home. the regiment has most recently served in iraq and afghanistan and has a 300 year history.
around 20 million people in the uk are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, up a third from last year. five million people are predicted to fall victim to the symptoms for the first time. by 2030, experts predict there will be 31.8 million sufferers of the allergy. warm weather and air pollution are contributing to the rise in the number of sufferers.
aracely meza, pastor's wife of a texas church, has been arrested in attempt to resurrect a two-year-old boy. boy identified by a witness as benjamin, is being held in the arms of aracely and pastor pastor daniel meza. she was arrested on monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission. police went to a home on march 26 in balch springs to do a welfare check and were told a child had died. a witness said the boy was possessed by demons and went 25 days without food before he died. meza is reportedly not the child's mother and was arrested.
police say an inebriated sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station in albuquerque, new mexico. police say he got into an argument with a customer and started shooting at the man. the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air. police were holding a dui checkpoint at the time of the incident. barriento was arrested late saturday. no one was injured.
hamilton college in clinton, new york, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and threat of a shooting at kirner-johnson building. campus officials said someone called in the threat at 9.45am. police evacuated mcewen, milbank, babbitt, cafe opus and schambach buildings. a suspicious package was found in the building and police found it to be harmless. all classes at the private liberal arts college were cancelled for the day.
munira khalif, stefan stoykov, victor agbafe and harold ekeh have each been accepted to all eight ivy league schools. all four are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to the u.s. from somalia, bulgaria, somalia or nigeria.    they hope to use the opportunities to improve education across the world or become a neurosurgeon.
sculptor of the i love lucy statue in celoron, new york, has pledged to make a new one for free six years after it sparked a hate campaign. even the famous madame tussaud's gets it wrong with some of the world's most offensive waxworks.
hilary border, 54, had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother dorothy's affairs when her health deteriorated. mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for the care home fees of her mother. border, from newark, nottinghamshire, stole the money and spent it on herself. border was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years, at nottingham crown court.
primatologists at iowa state university recorded 300 hunts by chimps in fongoli, sénégal. they found female chimps are more likely to use the tools to help them hunt for food. males tend to prefer capturing prey with their hands. the chimps at fongolic are the only animals to regularly hunt for prey with tools.
michael brelo, 31, charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell, 43, and malissa williams, 30, in november 2012. he is the only officer charged because he jumped on the hood of a police car and fired 15 shots at the suspects. brelo's attorney said the officer had reason to believe he was being shot at when he opened fire on the car. the officers were chasing the suspects after a high-speed chase in cleveland, ohio, in which 137 rounds were fired at the car .
dll'super dell' schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird. a plea deal that fell through on thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime. he was scheduled to go to trial on april 20 but returned to a federal court to plead guilty. the former tv pitchman is known in utah for his shrill, hyperactive commercials for his totally awesome computers retail chain.
robin wright wore a golden dress from reem acra's fall 2013 collection at the golden globes. the actress won best actress award for her role in house of cards. robin and sean penn divorced in 2010 after nearly twenty years of marriage. she eschewed hollywood fame to raise her two children instead.
advert appears to claim italian children prefer happy meals to pizza. true neapolitan pizza association accuses us corporation of a'shameful' attack on children's health. italian chefs threaten legal action against us corporation for attacking their cultural diet. mcdonald's claims it was 'blasphemy' to suggest children prefer hamburgers.
kfc opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on saturday. the fast food giant allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across australia and roam from freezer to fryer. kfc hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen of each store. however health experts warned consumers not to equate kfc's attempts to be hygienic with healthiness.
woman in her 30s was kicked out of melbourne's greatest ever easter egg hunt after she told a 13-year-old volunteer to 'f*** off'   she was told by a volunteer she was taking too many eggs and told the volunteer to stop. the egg hunt was run by zaidee's rainbow foundation to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation. more than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $5 to fill up their buckets at the event.
the 19th century castle toward, near dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach. it was commandeered by winston churchill to help prepare troops for the d-day landings. the castle was commissioned as hms brontosaurus in 1942 and is now on sale for £1.75m. overlooking the clyde estuary, castle toward was used as a training base for troops. many servicemen were killed in accidents during training at the castle, which was very realistic and demanding.
baby boy's body was found wrapped in a blanket in a sainsbury's bag floating on a pond in norfolk in 1988. police exhumed the body last year as part of a case review and a dna sample led to his mother. she was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped. the woman told officers she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends. the baby was stillborn and was found by a group of teenagers in the pond. the boy was reburied at a church in the village of weasenham st peter last year.
huma abedin, 38, was spotted with husband anthony weiner and two-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday. it is just a few days after she and hillary clinton were spotted in an iowa branch of chipotle. they were criticised after staff complained abedin did not put a tip in the jar.
real estate heir robert durst was arrested in new orleans in mid-march for the murder of his friend and writer susan berman in 2000. authorities found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room. his lawyers have asked for the return of $161,000 taken during his arrest. they say he got the money legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture.
molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo, texas on sunday. the 120-pound mother-of-four ate three steaks, three shrimp cocktails, three baked potatoes, three salads and three rolls in just 20 minutes. she beat the previous record for quickest steak dinner eaten by a competitive eater, set last year at the same restaurant. she earned $6,000 in prize money for the competition.
nigeria's new president muhammadu buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' to find missing schoolgirls. more than 200 girls were abducted by boko haram militants from a nigerian school in chibok last year. buhari says he does not know if they will ever be found. march was held through abuja to mark the first anniversary of the kidnapping.
crowd source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by arthur syer, a 27-year-old man living in sydney. the detective camera was the first'secret' handheld camera. it was produced between 1883 and 1887. the photographs will go on display at the state library on saturday. they were taken with the very first hand held camera. the photos capture the true essence of life on the streets of sydneysiders in the 1800's.
jake castner, from ballarat in victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest. the 19-year-old boasted on facebook on his fourth day on the run: 'we don't talk to police'   castner was arrested in relation to burglary and theft related offences allegedly committed in the bacchus marsh and ballarat areas. he pleaded guilty to 33 offences in november last year.
tommy thompson, 62, and girlfriend alison antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court in columbus, ohio.    they spent years on the run after failing to appear in court and abandoning florida mansion. he has agreed to go to prison rather than reveal details of gold haul from the ss central america. the ship sank off the carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold.
christopher furniss-roe was found in his bedroom by his father 15 minutes after 'childish' argument with his sister. eight-year-old was sent to bed early after breaking his younger sister's beach bucket. his father jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day in hospital. gwent coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying he was looking for'sympathy and forgiveness'    christopher was taken to hospital and had his life support machine switched off the following day.
susan monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern oregon, went on trial on tuesday in medford. she has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch and dismembering their bodies. robert haney and stephen delicino were shot in the head and dismembered a year apart at her pig farm in jackson county. monica claims she shot the first victim in self-defense and the second as a mercy killing.
the first four episodes of game of thrones' fifth season were leaked on torrent download sites on saturday night. hbo's hit series is scheduled to debut its first episode tonight. the first four had been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early sunday morning. the series is the most illegally downloaded program in the world.
people who have breathing problems are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions. onset of alzheimer’s might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems, experts said. at least half a million britons suffer from sleep apnoea.
paramedics found kyle hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance. ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain. when confronted, he told paramedic michael newman they were 'trying to have sex' and punched him three times in the face. he was jailed for two years and eight months at grimsby crown court.
carwyn scott-howell's death was a tragic accident, according to state prosecutor pierre yves michau. carwyn, seven, plunged 160ft to his death in flaine, france, while skiing with his family. the family were expected to bring his body home this weekend as investigation ruled out negligence as a factor.
boeing 787-8 flight from london gatwick to cancun landed at lf wade international airport in bermuda. two men were taken into custody after reports of unruly behviour on the plane. the plane was carrying 278 passengers when it was forced to divert. police officers were seen entering the grounded plane and removing passengers.
holmesburg prison's 101-year history was filled with violent riots, bloody beatings and the cruel chemical experimentation on its inmates. since its construction in 1895, the philadelphia, pennsylvania prison housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals. nearly two decades after its closure in 1995, the prison's halls have fallen eerily silent. inmates were used as human guinea pigs to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled american citizens for money to buy cigarettes.
retired chief executive rené dee watched as his wife eileen, 68, died just days after catching a deadly infection. she had been battling cancer at the royal sussex county hospital in brighton. mr dee is now suing the brighton and sussex university hospitals trust for clinical negligence.
the 29-year-old american tourist drove into oncoming traffic in thailand and crashed into 13 vehicles. she was chased by police through the pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car. officers broke the front passenger window of the vehicle to arrest her when she refused to open the door. the woman was bundled into a police car to protect her from an angry mob. she drove the wrong way down a busy road and injured two people.
jade wimsey went from a size 12 to 20 in four years as she guzzled up to seven cans of energy drinks a day. the 24-year-old from yorkshire weighed 17st 6lb and was the victim of cruel jibes at work. she is now a slim size 12 after losing six stone in 18 months by cutting out the fizzy drink.
u.s consumer advisory group says shrinking space on planes is putting our health and safety in danger. tests conducted by faa use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased. many economy seats on united airlines have 30 inches of room, while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches.
muhammad naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud. his piper tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near padbury in buckinghamshire. his daughter is a former x-factor contestant and model raquelle gracie came fifth in 2007 series of the show. pilot sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash saying: 'i'm in a plane out of control and it's going down'    he was the father of model and 2007 x-factor contestant and former government race advisor nighat awan, who entertained cherie blair.
labour leader admitted in the past his party had been 'too timid' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language. ed miliband pledged a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers. but immigration minister james brokenshire said nothing in labour's plans would help control immigration. net migration hit 298,000 in a year as labour leader pledged to act to reduce the number of immigrants.
president of supreme court said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear traditional dress. lord neuberger said judges should'show, and be seen to show' respect towards different customs. he said privileged judges must be aware of their'subconscious bias' when dealing with poorer members of society.
deputy chief of staff of hillary clinton's presidential campaign was last seen at chipotle on monday. abedin has known clinton since 1996 and was her 'body woman' when she was secretary of state. she is married to disgraced former new york congressman anthony weiner and has a 2-year-old child.
glynis barber is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of itv’s 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace. the actress has changed what and how she eats under the tutelage of nutritional therapist fleur borrelli. she is turning 60 soon and looks barely a day over 40. glynis has co-written a book with fleur about the in-sync diet.
leo grand launched his carpooling app trees for cars a year and a half ago, but he is still homeless. grand created the app afterpatrick mcconlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons. grand was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books. but grand is still living on the streets and the app only made grand between $10,000 to 15,000 dollars. he uses the money he made from the app to pay for his storage space.
fbi agent claimed that a saudi family fled florida home two weeks before the 9/11 attacks had ties to the hijackers. the family lived in the home for six years but left and did not take cars, furniture or food. the fbi said the report was 'unsubstantiated' by a review commission. former senator bob graham said there has been a 'consistent effort to cover up' possible saudi involvement in the attacks.
aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours a week in a submission to the workplace relations productivity commission. the transport workers' union's national secretary tony sheldon accused aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom. the supermarket chain's last attempt to increase workers hours in 2012 failed. mr sheldon said the chain tried to'strip workers of their rights'
london mayor boris johnson was driven away from ramsgate with a lipstick mark on his cheek. mr johnson joined craig mackinlay on a rare campaign stop in the south thanet seat. he was given a big kiss on his right cheek and was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek. johnson is campaigning for the tories in the seat where nigel farage hopes to become an mp. he said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop mr farage winning the seat.
ian gibson, 60, had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago and was a tank driver in the army.    he claims he was subjected to bullying and harassment while working at h and g contracting services ltd at heathrow airport. mr gibson said he was overlooked for office-based job and was bullied about being disabled. he told employment tribunal he was bullied because of disability and the way he walked.
a virtually cloud-free satellite image from the european space agency’s metop-b satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine and above average temperatures. parts of scotland and wales experienced the warmest temperatures today with highs of 16.6c and 14.9c. millions of brits made the most of the sunny weekend weather by heading to beaches and parks across the country. forecasters say it is on course to be the hottest april on record and flood warnings have been issued for the south west.
nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team after the titanic sank in 1912. dubbed 'one of the rarest types of titanic collectable' and has been owned by a british collector for 15 years. it was too fragile to sit on and was kept as a display item.
chris rowe, 31, was diagnosed with a persistent cough for six months. visited doctors five times in two months but was told he was most likely suffering a virus. after coughing up blood, he was taken to a&e and diagnosed with an aggressive lung cancer.   he was told his cancer had spread to his liver and bones and was inoperable. his wife kate, 28, is expecting their second child in june and he is undergoing chemotherapy.
fenerbahce team bus was attacked near the city of trabzon on saturday night. 40 players and coaching staff were on board the bus. the bus driver was taken to hospital with a head injury. caykur rizespor midfielder ludovic obraniak was taken  with a suspected heart problem. the attack came hours after fenerbahce's 5-1 win over caykur rizespor in super lig.
designers we are handsome will debut their first active swim range at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on tuesday night. australian fashion houses are following france's law to ban skinny models. the fashion houses will feature real-life fitness and social media stars on the runway. models include instagram sensation sjana earp, kate kendall, amanda bisk, and juliet burnett.
carwyn scott-howell was on holiday with his mother ceri, nine-year-old sister and brother gerwyn, 19, in the alps. he is believed to have got lost in the woods and fell over a 164ft drop. footprints in the snow eventually led police to the body of the boy, who was found in woodland. his family said he was an 'adorable, caring' and 'daring' boy who'made life full of laughter'
baby girl was found crying in the ladies' toilet of a chinese burger bar in chengdu, sichuan province. workers found the baby wrapped in a shirt and attached to the umbilical cord and placenta. a woman was found to be the mother and was arrested. yuan yen, 34, refused to look at her baby or talk to police. she was arrested after receiving medical attention and faces charges of neglect.
ukip leader was expected at a farm in staffordshire to attack the government over defence spending. organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car. mr farage is under pressure to show his election campaign is on track after slump in support in ukip. he missed the farm visit after suffering travel delays and was forced to make an appearance at an event in carrick.
crown princess mary, 43, took her three youngest children on a day out at a farm in kirke hyllinge, zealand. mary was joined by princess isabella, seven, and twins princess josephine and prince vincent, four. the family visited the farm as part of denmark's annual eco day celebrations. the royal was without her husband crown prince frederik and eldest son prince christian.
fbi chief james coney has introduced the tests amid fears over expanding waistlines and lack of mobility. agents aged under 30 will have to run a mile in 12.5 minutes and sprint 300m in 59 seconds. those who fail could be moved from assignments that involve physical activity. fbi chief said the force depends on its agents' ability to 'run, fight and shoot'
the historic carlton tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week in maida vale, west london. it was the only building in its road not destroyed by hitler's bombs during the blitz but did not survive. landlady patsy lord was told by owners to close for an'inventory' but returned two days later to find the pub was demolished. westminster city council is now considering legal action against the developers. red dwarf actor danny john-jules, who played the cat, has blasted developers for demolishing the pub.
the fbi and nypd said on wednesday that a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the times square military recruitment station. no one was injured. but police commissioner william bratton says people had walked past just moments before the device detonated.
katie cope, 17, had to close her mother's shop to detain the 66-year-old thief. she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman. police refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival at the vintage clothing store. officers arrived nine minutes after she made a formal complaint. but police said the knickers, reduced to £1, were not worth enough to prosecute.
turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the siege were being shared on social media. wife and children of prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz were 'deeply upset' by the decision. 46-year-old died in hospital after being taken hostage by far-left group last week. a british national has been arrested in turkey as part of operation against the group.
tyler grant, a junior at the university of texas identifies as gender queer and though grant was assigned a male, grant sometimes wears women's dresses. grant claims a whataburger in austin, texas denied service because grant was wearing lingerie. grant was denied entry to the restaurant on sunday morning. grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of grant's gender identity. grant is a patron of the restaurant and may decide to press charges.
celebrity chef last appeared on the bbc with nigellissima in 2012 and will present simply nigella on bbc 2. show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating'   it will be the first time she has appeared on channel since the breakdown of her marriage to charles saatchi and the fraud case that followed. she was stopped from flying to the u.s after confessing to taking cocaine during that case.
volunteers and residents of hokota, 60 miles northeast of tokyo, joined forces to help save the dolphins. only three of the dolphins were successfully returned to the sea - the rest are 'dead or dying'   scientists believe the melon-headed whales may have got lost and became lost on the beach.
kent sprouse, 42, was sentenced to death in 2004 for the murder of police officer marty steinfeldt, 28, and customer pedro moreno, 38, at a gas station in dallas, texas, in 2002. sprouse was convicted of the double murder and is scheduled to be executed by lethal injection thursday evening. he was shot in the chest, leg and hand and is currently on death row at a texas prison.
former met police commissioner lord stevens is to be investigated over allegations of a cover-up of police corruption. independent police complaints commission to investigate claims he failed to hand over key information to macpherson inquiry. probe stems from complaint from stephen's father neville lawrence, who complained about failure of senior officers.   ipcc said it will investigate claims the former deputy commissioner of the metropolitan police did not hand over information to inquiry.
wigry national park, in north-east poland, is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes. jane chose the region for an active holiday with her teenage son. the area is unspoiled, but it is exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits.
leonie granger, 25, targeted playboy mehmet hassan, 56, after spotting him at a casino in london. she was found guilty of luring the poker player to his death in march last year. her boyfriend kyrron jackson and nicholas chandler, both 28, have been convicted of murder. granger was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter over the death of mr hassan. she left the door of his flat unlocked so her boyfriend and another thug could rob and kill the father-of-three.
known as 'ogle-2014-blg-0124lb,' the gas giant was detected by the spitzer space telescope and the ogle warsaw telescope in chile. it is half as massive as jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way. most of the planets we know about are 10-100 times closer.
police scotland's edinburgh division has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent in a year. officers posted pictures of lego models on facebook page to raise awareness of crime. but victims branded the move as 'insensitive' and 'a joke'   police defended the campaign and said officers should concentrate on solving real crimes.
paul bakewell, 35, from walsall, west mids, proposed to partner tara barber, 32, by asking her to marry him on a giant billboard. paul arranged for her boss to be driven to the billboard by her boss pretending they were going to a business meeting. the billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide and featured pictures of the couple on the side of the a34. the dad-of-one then got down on one knee and proposed to tara, who said yes.
get rid of sids project has had its charity status revoked by the australian charities and not-for-profits commission. the organisation is run by prominent anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger. earlier this year, the group invited sherri tenpenny to speak at a number of seminars across australia. she had to cancel due to threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists'
nbc helicopter was following san bernardino county officers as they pursued francis pusok, 30, in the southern california desert. he was believed to have stolen a horse and was being chased by police. was stunned with a taser and kicked in the groin. eight deputies were filmed beating and kicking him for two minutes as he lay still.
the four-bedroom property in central london's farm street was once the site of a milking parlour. it was built in 2011 after developers knocked down the original structure and built a new mansion on the site. the property has a swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room, cinema and roof terrace. the mansion was originally used to house cows for milking but became a depot in the 19th century and was demolished in 2011.
phylise davis-bowens, 42, attended bethune-cookman university in daytona beach, florida. she said she was not allowed to try out for the 14 karat gold dancers in 2009. the woman said she lost 16lb in a month but was still denied an audition for the dance troupe. she went on to lose a total of 60lb in one year and is now suing her former college for unspecified damages.
un officials say procedure should only be carried out when ‘medically necessary’ because it can lead to infections and even death. just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caesarean and the rate has more than doubled since the 1990s.
the man was spearfishing off jupiter inlet, palm beach, florida, when he was bitten by a bull shark. he was airlifted to st mary's medical center's trauma unit. the shark bit him on the right side of his head as well as his back, torso and head.
josiah duggar, 18, has revealed that he officially started courting 17-year-old marjorie jackson on april 6 - the same day his sister jill gave birth to her son israel david. the pair met while the pair were taking spanish lessons at her house. josiah and his new love interest will have to follow his family's strict courting rules, which require them to go on chaperoned dates.
shadow education secretary tristram hunt was visiting a primary school in derby, derbyshire. asked year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election if he could. child told labour mp he supported ukip because he wanted to get 'all the foreigners out the country'   mother of the 10-year-old said she has now sat down and explained 'it isn't about being foreign' but added she supports 'an australian points system'  a ukips spokesman claimed the boy had been 'drinking in propaganda' from the party's rivals.
jack black the friendly jackdaw has become a popular member of the community in penryn, cornwall. he often pops into people’s houses and goes with them on the weekly shop. he has become so well-loved one fan has set up a facebook page for him with over 450 members. jack was hand-reared as a chick after being discovered with no feathers and was released into the wild.
secret aerodrome manual could be used as 'an invasion guide' by argentina to attack the falklands islands. it has exact gps co-ordinates of vital facilities and depth of concrete on the runway. details were published unencrypted on the ministry of defence's website and could be downloaded by anyone. the mod admitted the manual was accidentally uploaded to the public section of their website.
stephen james hendry has landed in sydney to start work on a new campaign with windsor smith shoes. the british supermodel says he is recently unattached and having fun. the 24-year-old is famous for his tattoos. he is one of the first models to be a full tattooed model. he has 498,000 followers on instagram.
chris copeland, 31, a player for the indiana pacers, and his wife, katrine saltare, 28, were stabbed after an argument outside a new york city club early on wednesday. a man, 22-year-old shezoy bleary, interrupted the couple as they were talking outside 1oak in chelsea. after copeland told the man to back off, he pulled out a knife and stabbed him in the abdomen and elbow. another woman, catherine somani, 23, was also stabbed in the stomach as she tried to break up the fight. copeland and saltare were rushed to bellevue hospital where they are in
xiao gao, from fujian province in south east china, has not spoken a word in five days after drinking the water. he claims classmate he 'does not get along with' gave him the water as a prank. gao claims the girl who gave him water told him 'you will die after drinking it'   but medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say combination of water, perfume and chalk dust should not have caused damage. he is now awaiting further medical examination and an appointment with a psychologist.
ashley dodds, 29, visited red hot world buffet in manchester with daughter dennon, 10, and a friend. she ordered a non-alcoholic'mocktail' for the girl and her friend. but when she returned her daughter said she had been served a drink with alcohol in it. restaurant bosses admitted to the mistake but blamed her for leaving her daughter alone to go for a cigarette.
footage shows best friends carmarie and kanya sat buckled into the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach, florida. both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force. to date the clip has been watched more than 17 million times on facebook.
robert cusanelli of boston's whdh-tv was banned from the bristol county courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case' superior court judge susan garsh punished him after two jurors from the aaron hernandez murder trial told the court they were followed by a tv van at the end of a court session. two jurors said they saw a van following them as they tried to get into their cars. the former new england patriots player is charged with the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd.
air india captain claims a co-pilot misbehaved and struck him during altercation in the cockpit. both pilots have been derostered after incident on flight ai611 from delhi to jaipur. reports suggest captain was assaulted after asking the co- pilot to record information before take-off.
in 84 days from november 2013 to january 2014, the area around azle, texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground. this adds to other studies linked to earthquakes in oklahoma and southern kansas.
richard iii's skeleton found under a car park in leicester was found to have a distinctive scoliosis of the spine. king was depicted by william shakespeare as a tyrannical hunchback with a twisted body. but experts claim the king kept the deformity secret until after his death. it was only after battle of bosworth in 1485 that his body image was revealed.
kirk pingelly and layne beachly won a legal battle over additions to their northern beaches home. their neighbour, wendy goyer, argued the additions would 'destroy' her views. warringah council approved the additions to the home in august 2013. the couple argued ms goyer's views are 'at best only a glimpse' from her bedroom. the judge dismissed the neighbour's case and ordered her to pay the costs of the council.
justice diana bryant has said that commercial surrogacy laws in australia need to be overhauled to prevent cases of abandonment.    it is currently illegal for women to act as surrogates in the country. many of the children born to surrogates overseas will never meet their biological mothers.  a recent child abandonment case saw a couple abandon a baby boy born to a surrogate in thailand.
the unique experiment tracked stolen data from california as it travelled the globe, and found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within just two weeks. bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1,568 fake employee credentials, and placed it on anonymous file sharing sites within the dark web. the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times. some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia.
amelia-jane harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32 and was bullied at school. she developed crohn's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six. but she says her new 'dream body' is a nightmare as she is in constant pain and cannot eat. she regularly vomits up her food and suffers excruciating bowel pain. now weighs 8st 9lbs (121lbs) and is a size 6 and wears size 6 clothes.
49 per cent of britons believe duchess of cornwall should become queen consort when prince charles accedes to the throne. 35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to diana, princess of wales. half of those polled believe she does a good job of carrying out her official duties. only 7 per cent thought camilla should one day be queen in 2005 when they became engaged.
kyle iveson burst into a convenience store in clitheroe, lancashire, with a 12in knife. he demanded cash from shop assistant karen brown, his ex-girlfriend's mother-in-law. he tried to hide his identity by lowering his voice but she instantly recognised him. he escaped with £650 in cash but was arrested and jailed for three years at preston crown court.
the comment was said while on a visit to oklahoma city and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign. bill clinton was speaking at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the alfred p murrah federal building in 1995. hillary clinton launched her presidential campaign last week in iowa and will move on to new hampshire on monday.
kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel. the former child star turned real housewife was charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer. sources involved in production say that kim's protestations that she was sober last season were laughable - while others say she was doing better than ever. it has been reported that the 50-year-old was booted off the show as producers feel she has become a liability.
sarah stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles, came under fire last month for being tiny and toned throughout her pregnancy. the mother-to-be shared a photo of herself in a thong and bra 10 days before she is due to give birth to her son.
elad hershkowitz, a zookeeper at the zoological center in tel aviv, filmed animals drinking on a gopro camera. he placed the camera at the bottom of water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours. the animals range from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur.
john pat cunningham, 27, was shot by the army in a field in benburb, county armagh, northern ireland in 1974. he was running away from an army patrol and had a fear of men in uniform. a 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in england and is being questioned by police. mr cunningham was killed by the british army and the government apologised for his death in 2013.
betty johnson, 86, was a kansas city chiefs season ticket holder since 1986. great-great grandmother was a devoted fan and received a kiss from dwayne bowe every game. she lost her home in order to pay for her season tickets and was in hospice care. chiefs hall of famer nick lowery visited johnson on thursday and shortly after, she passed away.
state representative kevin boyle claims tonya stack 'flipped him the bird' at a fundraiser in honor of afghanistan veteran. he claims she then threw a cup of soda at him at the event in philadelphia. stack is the wife of lieutenant governor mike stack, who is at the center of a political row.
chen yuntao, 38, is begging on the streets of hefei city to raise money for his nine-year-old son chen minghao. son underwent 20 courses of chemotherapy for leukaemia and now the cancer has returned. the family are already in huge debt after spending £21,000 on his medical bills. chen has started dressing as a horse and begging people to ride him in exchange for 54p.
controversial the sun columnist katie hopkins has praised australia's 'tiny hearts and balls of steel'    'threaten them with violence until they bugger off' and 'throwing cans of castlemaine in an aussie version of sharia stoning' social justice groups have launched a campaign to have her removed as a columnist.
timothy fradeneck, 38, was charged with first-degree murder and child abuse in the deaths of his wife, christine fradneck, 37, 2-year-old daughter celeste and son timothy ii. the bodies of christine and her children were found monday evening at the family's home in eastpointe, michigan. police say timothy told police that he strangled his wife and children to death with a usb cord. he was ordered held without bond and told a judge on wednesday that he wants to plead insanity. police found medications prescribed to him in the home, but would not say if they were used to treat mental illness
surgeon general vivek murthy and elmo explain why getting vaccinated is crucial to keep children safe and healthy. video released in the wake of recent national debate over the right to refuse immunization. the campaign video is a response to anti-vaccination campaigners. it sees elmo and dr murthy asking why everybody does not get a shot.
commuters across new south wales' coastline are mourning the loss of their umbrellas as gale force winds of up to 135km/h batter the east coast. workers have begun posting photos of their broken brollies scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon on social media.
'death' for anyone who insults god or his messenger or blasphemes against islam. adulterers are to be stoned to death and'spying for disbelievers' is punishable by death.'religious punishments' are a 'warning and deterrent' to the islamic state. many of the punishments have already been carried out by isis fighters.
baby elephant, nadia, is tied to a pole and forced to perform tricks at a thailand holiday resort. jaime singleton launched an online campaign to have the baby elephant freed. the change.org petition has received 50,627 signatures. it comes after another resort in thailand posted a picture of drunken tourists riding an elephant around a swimming pool. the elephants are forced to do tricks and pose for pictures and are tied up in chains and bull-hooks. the animals are not owned by the resorts, but are'rented' out by private contractors.
stephen hogger, 55, was music director at st peter and st paul church in lavenham, suffolk, for 17 years. he was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures. all 13 of his choristers at the 14th century suffolk church have now resigned in'solidarity' over his sacking. it will be the first time in 200 years that the church will be without a choir.
george osborne refuses to rule out offering more help to top earners. says raising the tax-free personal allowance to £12,500 is 'not a priority'    he also refused to commit to devoting 2 per cent of the budget to defence. accused ed balls of 'running scared' of a debate on the economy.
raffaele sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of murder of meredith kercher. 31-year-old spent four years in prison after being found guilty of the murder of surrey-born student in 2007. he and former lover, american amanda knox, were both acquitted in late march. the italian was spotted looking through the lingerie section of a shop in rome, italy with a blonde companion. he was seen looking at a £105,000 bmw at a car dealership a week earlier. both knox and solle cito are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in
the images were posted on social media, including the shomoukh al-islam jihadi forum. group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration. it's the latest shocking act by the islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions.
a 4wd containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake at wyndham vale, in melbourne's outer west. three of the four children have died and one remains in a serious condition. the female driver is currently under police guard in hospital. police believe all of the children are under the age of six. the driver was transported via road ambulance to the royal children's hospital. the children were being taken to the hospital via air ambulance.
richard sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend ashley moss with their son rayden on instagram . rayden was born on february 5, just a few days after sherman and the seattle seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots. the football star and moss welcomed a son, rayden, just four days after the game.
new mothers receive a stream of visitors shorty after giving birth. well-meaning visitors often bring gifts for the baby and are full of compliments. parenting blogger emily-jane clark has compiled a list of ways to avoid annoying a new mother. she warns visitors to avoid bringing chocolate and coffee to mother's home.
asylum seeker jafar adeli was arrested at a bus station in leicester after thinking he was going to meet a 14-year-old girl for sex. he was duped by paedophile vigilante group letzgo hunting and police were waiting to arrest him.   he was jailed for 27 months at leicester crown court after admitting attempting to meet girl under 16 for grooming.
unusual boutique has opened on fashionable west london high street to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele. company repairing bags worth £20,000 every day at clinic on kings road in chelsea. famous clients include imogen thomas and stephanie pratt and sophie hermann.
melbourne-based jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm. he accidentally captured a nine hour clash between a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs. the man has contacted the local council and parks victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs. but he claims they're unwilling to help. the video shows the dogs ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back.
airline visual identity 1945-1975 is a 436-page coffee table book that revisits the golden age of air travel. the adverts were created for the biggest airlines of the day, including pan am, british airways and continental. many of the posters are a throwback to a time when flying was an exclusive experience. the book was authored by matthias c huhne and is a collection of adverts for airline visual identity.
the tiny copper coin, which is smaller than a penny, dates from the iron age almost 2,300 years ago and suggests links between the south west of england and the mediterranean. it was found in silt after the river avon burst its banks between bristol and bath. experts have dated the coin to between 300 bc and 264 bc and say it came from the western mediterranean . the find suggests that the village of saltford was on a major trade route long before roman times. on one side of the coin shows an image of the goddess tanit, the chief deity of carthage, while on the reverse is a horse’s head.
dawn bainbridge, 47, led a 'family business' stealing thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores. she and her two daughters stole clothes and sold them online through facebook. mother and two daughters were jailed for 30 months at newcastle crown court last year. they were ordered to pay back just £1 each but mother is the only one still in custody.
joanne bolton was repeatedly knifed in the head by her boyfriend steven young for seven hours. the 35-year-old mother-of-three thought she was going to die during the 'brutal and merciless' attack. she was stabbed more than 14 times and needed more than 100 stitches to her face, arms and body. miss bolton begged young to put her to bed so she didn't die on the floor of her own home . he was jailed for 18 years by a judge at newcastle crown court after he admitted attempted murder.
the 18-year-old daughter of actor stephen baldwin stars in the new issue of elle magazine. hailey used to spend nights sleeping over at kim kardashian's apartment when she was working in new york. she is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star kendall jenner.
sharon edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on march 14 in grafton, nsw. she was a primary school teacher and was reported missing by her estranged husband. her car was left parked in her driveway and her clothes were in the washing basket. police are treating the investigation as a homicide investigation. she has no history of mental illness and there was no sign of forced entry at her home. her family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare as it is out of character.
new approach targets cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs and cause tumours to re-grow. cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in britain every month. manchester university researchers have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem. it targets cancer cells that are resistant to standard treatment.
many said their children were not mature enough to learn the life-saving skill. survey of 757 parents was carried out by mumsnet, the uk’s largest internet community for parents. 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999. 65 per cent said children did not know difference between 999 and 911.
coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen. study found caffeine caused breast cancer cells to divide less frequently and die more often. just two cups of coffee a day can halve the risk of breast cancer returning and boosts the effect of the drug.
the extra seat will be added to the airbus a380 in the middle section of the cabin in 2017. the configuration was rejected by emirates but two manufacturers have agreed to add the extra seat. airbus will introduce a fourth class of 'choice economy' in response to the new design.
jason warnock, 29, was driving wednesday morning in lewiston, idaho when he saw debris in the road and looked up to see a car hanging off the side of a cliff. he pulled driver matthew sitko, 23, out of the vehicle and pulled him to safety. since he didn't tell police his name, warnock remained a mystery for 24 hours as the photo of the rescue went viral online. warnock came forward thursday and identified himself as the man who rescued sitko. sitko only suffered minor injuries and is recovering.
nuts are a source of useful nutrients and have other health benefits. you need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium. brazils are one of the best sources of the mineral selenium. walnuts are rich in plant-based omega 3 fatty acids and antioxidants. mixed nuts reduce the risk of heart disease by 29 per cent.
the andaz liverpool street hotel is built on the site of england's first hospital for the mentally ill. four of the 267 rooms at the andaz have been decorated by trendy artists. the hotel is a celebrity favourite of lady gaga, lil kim and beyonce.
michael made a 911 call claiming his wife had struck him after a heated argument at their home on thursday. kate was charged for battery and taken to palm beach country jail. michael blamed his ongoing custody battle with ex-wife dina lohan for his fiery relationship with his wife.
christianne boudreau of calgary, canada lost her son damien clairmont, 22, last year when he was killed fighting for isis in syria. damien was bullied in high school and converted to islam at the age of 17. told his family he was going to egypt to study arabic but instead crossed the border into turkey to join isis. ms boudroy is now working with other families worried about their radicalized children.
tykeran hamilton, 25, borrowed rented car and drove around gloucester after spending night drinking and taking drugs. shouted 'watch this' before driving at up to 70mph before hitting cyclist alan knight, 64. mr knight was on his morning paper round when he was killed instantly in hit-and-run. hamilton has been jailed for 11 years after admitting causing death by dangerous driving and driving without a license.
eve addison, now 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic. she assumed she must have an allergy and switched brands - but she developed night sweats and a rash. tests revealed she was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. she underwent six months of chemotherapy and was given the all clear in january 2014.
wylie brys and his dad, dallas zookeper tim brys, were digging for fossils near a grocery store when wylie found the dinosaur bones. it's believed that the bones belong to a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore. it took seven months to obtain permits to dig up the bones. southern methodist university experts say it's rare to find dinosaur remains in the dallas area.
betty willis, credited with designing the 'welcome to fabulous las vegas' sign, died in her overton, nevada, home on sunday. the 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign has welcomed tourists to sin city since 1959. willis also designed neon signs for the moulin rouge casino and blue angel motel.
labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes prime minister with snp mps' support. former prime minister john major warned snp was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'   mr miliband accused tories of 'threatening the integrity of the uk' by talking up the prospects of scottish nationalists.
catherine gerhardt teaches children to follow ice: ignore, communicate and exit to deter internet bullies. after reaching out to competitors and receiving a nasty response, she now educates other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers'   ms gerhardt advises adults to follow 'ice' and ignore the bully and not to respond to them. she also advises people to use 'act' when dealing with internet trolls and trolls.
workers in china have been pictured building a mountain road thousands of feet up a mountain side in pingjiang county, hunan province. with no ropes or safety harnesses, the men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete across the walkway. officials hope the road will attract more tourists to the area, which is known for its mountains.
rony john, 15, died after jumping into the river great ouse in hartford, cambridgeshire, despite being unable to swim. his friends tried to save him but he was swept away by the current and drowned. coroner will write to government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education. rony was swimming with friends in the river when he drowned on the first day of his summer holidays.
lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury, connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl. she was also caught allegedly burning the girl's legs, arms and hands on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain. the nanny was charged with first degree assault of a child under 10 years old and criminal mischief .
kezzia french, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old andrea to rest in 1999 after she was killed by her father. baby died after being flung at a wall by lottery addict father meyrick fowler, then 24. but police failed to tell her she was burying her daughter with some of her vital organs missing. she only found out more than a decade later that police had cremated her brain in 2009. ms french will hold a second funeral for her daughter tomorrow at a chapel in suffolk, suffolk.
applicants must measure 5ft 6in, have a 25½in waist, a high hip of 35 and a low hip of 36½. must be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob and have the same measurements as sienna miller. applicants must also be able to do a host of yoga moves including the side crow and lotus.    a separate casting call for a male body double for the same advert costs just £500.
the pictures were found in the archives of east germany's secret police - the ministry for state security. they were used as evidence in show trials against people caught trying to escape the communist regime. the pictures were also used to train up border guards and trainee agents. the photos were found by photographer arwed messmer and are now in a book.
many motorists are buying used cars unaware of changes to the vehicle tax system. dvla accused of 'heavy-handed and draconian' behaviour after clamping soared by 60 per cent. drivers have faced bills of up to £800 to get their cars back. the government abolished the paper tax disc last autumn . critics allege that the authority is operating a'money-making scam'
former missouri auditor tom schweich shot himself in the head on february 26 at his home in st louis, missouri. he was running as a republican candidate for governor in 2016. new police reports show he had talked for years of taking his life and had become increasingly agitated over politics. he told an aide the day of his death that he would have to 'run as an independent or he needed to kill himself'  schweich was upset that missouri gop chairman john hancock had allegedly told donors at a party that he was jewish. he perceived the remarks as anti-semitism.
new poll on modern families reveals almost a quarter of brits prefer their pet dog to their in-laws. 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above grandparents at 26 per cent. research commissioned by matalan for its made for modern families campaign. more than one in 10 british families now live in 'blended' families.
the images were taken during an airborne operation at the'salvador pass' at the border between libya and niger. france began setting up a command base in northern niger at the end of last year in efforts to combat international jihadist groups. the pictures show soldiers of the french second foreign parachute regiment.
rizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide. they hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change. but some scientists are concerned about silver building up in river basins.
four sisters were removed from their mother's home in australia and forced to return to their father in italy in dramatic scenes in 2012. the four vincenti sisters are now aged 16 and 17 and are living in florence with their father. their mother, laura garrett, took the girls back to italy on a 'vacation'    but the girls' mother had taken them from italy without the knowledge or permission of their father, tomaso v vincenti. 60 minutes has returned to the village where the girls are now living and interviewed the two older sisters.
the all-gender restroom has opened in the eisenhower executive office building. facility is the first of its kind at the white house and fits in with the administration’s stance on lgbt issues. it opened as obama's executive order banning discrimination on the basis of gender identity came into effect.
hotel industry insider turned author, jacob tomsky, reveals the most common items people take from hotels. minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel. it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges. the average time it takes to clean a hotel room is between 30 minutes to an hour.
dale forrest, 26, of bolton, would drink up to 12 pints a night and ballooned to 24 stone. rugby prop dale, a bank teller, would live on a diet of fatty takeaways and junk food. he was worried he would look like a 'beached whale' next to his friends on holiday. after seeing a photo of himself, he decided to lose weight and started going to the gym regularly. dale gave up beer and gave up his favourite drink and lost 10.5 stone in december 2013.
robert tomanovich owns robert's discount tree service in livonia, michigan. he first hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag on a fence at his home. a second noose was hung on a tree outside his tree-cutting business after neighbours complained. he has denied his actions are racist and said he simply liked the colors of the flag. his wife said it was a tribute to a friend of her husband who had hung himself.
scientists at brandeis university in massachusetts believe the process of converting short-term memories to long-term memory is best carried out when a person is asleep. they believe memory neurons that are responsible for memory consolidation work most effectively when people are asleep. the process is similar to that of learning and memory in humans.
fulton county superior court judge jerry baxter called the cheating scandal 'the sickest thing that's ever happened in this town'    only two of the accused took a plea deal and were sentenced to probation and community service. the remaining eight received harsher sentences, ranging from one to seven years in jail.   the judge called the three former atlanta public school srt directors the 'top of the chain'
tavon watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando when he crashed his $220,000 lamborghini into a guardrail. investigators say disney driving instructor gary terry, 35, tried to grab the wheel and counter-steer the out-of-control car. terry was the operations manager at the richard petty driving experience and was killed in the crash. the car may have been speeding in the wrong direction around the track when it crashed into the guardrail at 100mph.
michelle heale of tom's river, new jersey claims she was trying to burp 14-month-old mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce and that his neck snapped. she was babysitting mason as she was a friend of the family and was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child . medical examiners determined that mason died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma. heale broke down during her murder trial on tuesday as she demonstrated the moment she claims mason's neck snapped . she is currently out on bail during the trial and still has custody of her twins, who were 3-years-old
mouth ulcers may seem like a minor ailment but can be incredibly distressing. as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional mouth ulcer. claudia winkleman's an absolute champ in my book. popigne set tongues wagging when she revealed she had lyme disease.
advert is designed to show the establishment parties are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration. it features david cameron, nick clegg, ed miliband and nigel farage as a pro-austerity boyband. green party leader natatlie bennett says she wants to show 'the establishment parties' are'singing from the same hymn sheet'
in 10 battleground constituencies polled by tory peer lord ashcroft, ukip's vote has fallen in nine of them. support for mr farage's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others. the tories are set to lose four seats to labour but cling on to at least five.
iran says two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at jeddah airport in march. comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers over saudi-led airstrikes in yemen. iran's foreign ministry said the two boys, aged 14 and 15, were abused by airport security.
love food hate waste will store details of all the foods you have at home and alert you to duplicate buys. where chefs eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations. british street food app shows off the best street food vendors in britain. drinki exchanges facebook check-ins for gratis drinks.
the ben canaan family are adapting well to life outside the gloriavale christian community in new zealand. james and hope bencanaan and their 12 children left the commune last month. the father has accepted a farm job and the family are moving into a modern home. the ben canaans are adapting to life in the wider community of timaru, 300km south of gloriaval. the family left the community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the new testament and reject the outside world.
annegret raunigk, 65, from spandau, berlin, is set to become the world's oldest woman to give birth to quads. her youngest daughter leila, 10, told her she wanted to have a brother or sister. the schoolteacher is not bothered about what people say about her decision to have more children.
senator john mccain says secretary of state john kerry 'is delusional' if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal. the white house's spokesman josh earnest said it was 'naïve and reckless' to believe every word of the supreme leader of iran's proclamation that sanctions relief would be 'instant'    mccian said he had'sympathy' for iranian ayatollahali khamenei , who said there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instantly'
rajul patel, 35, stole jewellery and valuables from members of virgin active gyms across london. he stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring and 40th birthday bracelet. patel used the driving licence of a gym-going doctor to obtain memberships. he was jailed for 32 months at isleworth crown court for the two-month crime spree.
hannah moore, 20, from broxburn in west lothian, posted images of her stretchmarked stomach to inspire others. but the photo-sharing site removed the images 'within two minutes' of posting them. she claims the images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence'   the mum-of-twins said the rebuttal had 'took her confidence away' and was 'taking away' her self-confidence.
australian mp andrew robb revealed one of the unusual methods he used to stave off depression. the minister for investment and trade battled depression for 43 years. he drove to work with a pen in his mouth to trick himself into thinking he was happy. mr robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun. he stood down from parliament in 2009 due to his battle with depression.
rebecca calder, 24, who was jailed for a year today, went out drinking on the same night she used her victims' bank card to withdraw cash. at her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from disabled couple's accounts. the family of the victims, a couple in their 80s, installed a spy camera and filmed her taking money. calder posted regular partying pictures of facebook not knowing the family. she was caught red-handed and jailed for 12 months after admitting nine counts of theft.
the pentagon announced tuesday plans to exhume and try to identify the remains of 429 sailors and marines killed on board the uss oklahoma during the december 7, 1941 surprise attack on pearl harbor. the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the japanese assault. only 35 of the 429 men were identified and are currently buried as unknowns in honolulu's national memorial cemetery of the pacific. officials aim to identify up to 388 servicemen within five years.
tavon watson, 24, was driving a $220,000 lamborghini at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in florida on sunday. his passenger, gary terry, 36, was pronounced dead at the scene. terry was the operations manager at the richard petty driving experience. watson was taking racing advice from terry when he lost control of the italian supercar and crashed into a guardrail at the speedway. he was taken to celebration hospital where he was hospitalized.
ronnie lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by wiltshire police solely due to his race. his internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy of promotion. the 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues. mr lungu said he was left 'upset' and 'angry' after being penalised because he was black. the employment tribunal ruled that he was unlawfully discriminated against on grounds of race. despite his treatment, he is still serving as a pc with the force.
liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central, a traditional labour stronghold. he is pictured appearing to lick a female friend's breasts on a night out with friends. but he insists the pictures were taken seven years ago and show him having fun. the conservative party candidate is standing for the seat in a labour stronghold constituency. he said the pictures do not undermine his ability to do the job and show he is a normal, sociable person.
margaret gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession as head of burton joyce primary school in nottingham. referred to job applicant as a member of terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an asian accent. disciplinary panel ruled she 'exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race, as well as disability'   she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and'repeated' actions while head of the primary school.
former new england patriots tight end aaron hernandez, 25, was on trial for the murder of semi-pro football player odin lloyd in june 2013. he and two friends, ernest wallace and carlos ortiz, were accused of driving lloyd to a boston industrial park and shooting him to death. on tuesday, his defense team argued that he witnessed the killing but did not commit it himself. the jury began deliberations on t tuesday afternoon. if convicted, hernanderez faces life in prison.
work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith said zero-hours contracts were 'wrongly named' in tv interview. labour said it showed 'just how out of touch the tories are' about the lives of working people. labour has pledged to ban exploitative zero-hour contracts.
chris wallace, 67, told conservative talk show host, mike gallagher, on friday that kelly clarkson could'stay off the deep dish pizza for a while'   wallace said the singer has 'a lovely voice' but added that she 'could stay off the pizza' wallace has since apologized for his 'offensive' remarks, saying he should have spoken of the singer's'remarkable talent', not her weight. the same day, the new mom spoke of criticism about her weight on the ellen degeneres show. wallace's fellow fox news anchor, greta van susteren, 60, chastised him on her blog.
geelong man trevor vale was driving from darwin to melbourne when he made the video.    his wife fought as a soldier in timor and afghanistan. the video has been viewed over 800,000 times on mr vale's facebook page. he was frustrated at the lack of interest from australians in paying respect to anzac day.
the vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists to give ordinary catholics the tools to recognise a case of demonic possession. annual course is designed to help doctors, teachers and psychologists cope with rising tide of possessions. experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult. in 2013, pope francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a man in a wheelchair.
the families of two slain new york city police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the mets' home opener at citi field. new england patriots quarterback tom brady also threw a first pitch. mayor bill de blasio's relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny. the widow of american sniper chris kyle also pitched in for the san diego padres.
yaphet kotto said james bond was created by ian fleming for a white actor and should be portrayed by a white man. he said 'political correctness be damned'    kotto starred as dr kananga in the 1973 bond installment live and let die. roger moore was criticised last month for claiming black actor idris elba could not be the next bond. current bond daniel craig has said elba is the only possible choice to replace him.
max muggeridge, 19, from the gold coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend. he reeled in the monster after a three hour battle with the four metre beast. he was camping on the tweed coast just across the nsw border with his girlfriend. the teenager spent three hours battling the beast to reel it in. he said it was one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach. the teen believes it could have been close to the world record size but he wasn't able to measure it.
the two-year-old boy fell into the cheetah enclosure at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio at 3pm on saturday. visitors at the zoo heard a scream as the toddler fell and was rescued by his parents. witnesses claim the child's mother was dangling him over the railing of the pit. cleveland zoo plans to press child endangering charges against the mother. the boy suffered minor bumps and bruises and is in stable condition.
celebrities and music lovers gathered on friday in the southern california desert for the beginning of the annual coachella valley music and arts festival. headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to perform as well as other musical acts including azealia banks, tame impala, alabama shakes and interpol. the 16th edition of the festival is the first big arts and music festival of the summer season and attracts around 175,000 people.
mourners at a taiwanese man's funeral were treated to a performance by two scantily-clad strippers. the exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's own wife as a final gift to her husband. the women danced around the casket to maroon 5's moves to open mouthed mourners.
prince irfan was born in the swiss city of geneva last saturday. both mother and child are said to be doing well. princess salwa married prince rahim aga khan in 2013. she follows in the footsteps of a string of american royal wives including rita hayworth and queen noor.
whitney fetters, 28, charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana. she allegedly exchanged naked photos and sexual videos with 14-year-old boy at hefner middle school in oklahoma. she met the boy when he was 12 and the texts turned sexual last year. the spanish teacher allegedly invited the boy to spend the night with her'so they could get high and have sex' she was fired after other students told staff that the boy had photos of her.
leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix. they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems. these include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their forget me lock prototype. the products were designed as part of the direct line everyday fix design makeathon . you can vote on which one is your favourite - and the winner will be made into an actual product, funded through a kickstarter campaign.
karlie's kode with karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition for a two-week computer coding course at the flatiron school in new york this summer. the 22-year-old model is donating $20,000 of her own money for the scholarships. she attended the software engineering course last year.
design duo becky cooper and bridget yorston unveiled new swimwear collection at mercedes-benz fashion week australia. the collection was inspired by seventies model veruschka and 1970s marrakesh. models walked the catwalk in bikinis and one-piece suits.
jessica mejia, 20, was killed when her drunk ex-boyfriend, nicholas sord, smashed their car into a pole in 2009. her body was found by the side of the road and deputies at the cook county sheriff's office in illinois took photos of her naked body. she is suing the deputies for causing emotional distress to her family. sord was sentenced to 56 months in prison for the deadly crash.
more than 140 children have been removed from their classes at schools in washington because they did not have the required vaccination forms. health officials have warned a growing number of people are not getting vaccinated against measles. 143 pupils were removed from classes in spokane this week because they could not prove they had the required vaccinations. health experts have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic. in february around 100 people were diagnosed with the virus across 15 states in america.
moira gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at st james's palace when she collided with a lorry near lambeth bridge. she had recently left her role as director of design at the victoria and albert museum. her brother andrew gemmill described his sister as an 'extraordinary' woman who lived a'modest life' she was the fifth cyclist killed on london's road this year.
deputy prime minister was met by tuition fees protesters while out campaigning in surbiton, south west london. chanted: 'nick clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free'   mr clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only lib dems can balance budget without hitting the poor. launched a furious attack on the 'ideological' cuts planned by the tories. said george osborne is 'a very dangerous man' with a'very dangerous plan'
rhino horn trade is the third-largest illegal trade in the world, after arms and drugs. last year 1,215 rhinos were poached and killed in south africa - one every eight hours. poachers sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo. the last surviving male of the white rhino, sudan, lives under 24-hour guard.
dustin irons was appearing over video-link to a court in oregon when he flashed a judge. the 26-year-old was in handcuffs after being arrested for assault in december. irons became disgruntled with court proceedings and pulled down his pants. the judge added an extra 30 days to his sentence for contempt of court.
as orthodox easter sunday was held, thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios by rival parishioners in a traditional'mock war'   the custom dates back to the 19th century, when the island was under turkish occupation. the annual 'battle' is held at the church towers of aghios markos and panagia erithiani.
heartbroken owner tony tancock believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs. thief snuck into outbuilding at his home in crediton, devon, to steal his prized pets. tony, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies.
michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother, 57-year-old sandra shemanski. police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was found dead. he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide. his estranged wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago.
the woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her white honda but the carjacker was driving off at speed. he was shot in the shoulder and taken to hospital in smyrna, georgia. police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman's life.
guitar hero live is a revamped version of the popular music franchise guitar hero. it features a redesigned guitar, live-action actors and an online music video network. the game will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band. guitar hero live will be released in the autumn for the playstation 4, xbox one, playstation 3 and xbox 360.
vietnamese woman was waiting to board a flight at tan son nhat international airport in ho chi minh city, vietnam. she was told to weigh her two pieces of hand luggage, which weighed more than 7kg. nguyen thi hang, 35, lashed out and slapped a vietjet air employee in the face. the woman has been fined vnd7.5 million, which equates to £240, for the incident.
the queen and princess margaret recorded a cassette tape of favourite children's songs for the queen mother's 90th birthday in 1990. pianist laurie holloway was asked to accompany the queen and margaret at buckingham palace. the recording was lost following the queen's death in 2002 at the age of 101.
naturalists in paradise: wallace, bates and spruce in the amazon is the story of three young british explorers. john hemming's book is about three young men who explored the region in 1961. the trio were naturalists alfred russel wallace, henry bates and richard spruce. the book is a fascinating look at the lives of the three explorers.
kristina schake, 45, helped to transform u.s. first lady michelle obama's public image into that of all-american 'everywoman'   she is chief communications officer at l'oreal usa and left the east wing in june 2013. is reportedly behind drive to get ex-secretary of state, hillary clinton, elected president next year. she has been brought on to mrs clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast her image. she will attempt to turn 67-year-old politician from strong and knowledgeable to softer, more accessible.
matthew kenney, 34, told police he smoked flakka before he ran naked through traffic in fort lauderdale, florida. the suspect said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him. he said he would 'rather die than be caught by these unknown people'   he was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation.
anne-louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer aged five. she died suddenly six days after giving birth to her second child. doctors told her parents she only had three months to live after being diagnosed. she was a nurse at a canadian hospital when she collapsed in the waiting area. her husband ryan is now raising their two-year-old son and newborn daughter.
jiaro mendez and elias acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on april 14. the men were arguing over which phone was better. both men were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body. acevedos, 21, has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon following the incident.
paddle, pellita, chan and idalia have been sent from australia as a gift to singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence. the koalas are being served refreshments and eucalyptus leaves in business class. the animals will be on loan for six months at singapore zoo. they have been gifted from brisbane's lone pine sanctuary.
park crescent west, next to regents park in london, was designed by buckingham palace architect john nash in the early 19th century. property developer pcw property holdings has submitted plans to demolish the grade i listed crescent and rebuild it as luxury flats. new development will be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios to five-bed flats worth £15million. but nearby residents are furious at the plans, claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives. crescent was originally designed by nash and replaced with offices and residential accommodation in 1960.
sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year. experts believe people want a better understanding of the religion. twice as many books published in france last year were dedicated to islam compared to christianity.
dan price, the ceo of gravity payments, is slashing his own salary 93percent. he's taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million annual profit to pay staff salaries. price's salary is 300 times the average employee pay at large companies. the move will raise the wages for 70 of the company's 120 employees.
stephanie hannon was the director of product management for civic innovation and social impact at google. she previously worked on gmail and google maps. clinton, 67, will be the chief technology officer of her presidential campaign's digital outreach team. she will be in charge of developing websites, mobile apps and other digital tools for the 2016 campaign. the former secretary of state ran unsuccessfully for president in 2008.
the annual water temple fair in jiangnan, china, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year. the net boat fair commemorates an ancient hero in the yuan dynasty. locals dress up in traditional costumes and participate in boat races, drumming and dragon dances.
the collector’s paradise in horfield, bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and oil-fired central heating. the semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000.
megumi igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3d printer. she could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity. the artist was first arrested in july but was freed after a legal appeal. she was arrested again in december on three counts of distributing 'obscene' data.
the nsw state emergency service are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise. the public have been alerted to the scheme via a notice on the nsw ses facebook page. nsw have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on monday. people have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money.
jimmy anderson took his 384th test wicket in his 100th test to overtake sir ian botham's all-time record. anderson became the new leading wicket-taker in test cricket for england. botham was the previous holder of the record and was commentating for sky sports.  anderson took the wicket of dennis ramdin in the 21st over of the first test in antigua.
claudio giardiello, 46, was due to appear in court accused of fraudulent bankruptcy. he is said to have first killed his lawyer and his co-defendant before shooting judge fernando ciampi. the gunman is believed to have died of a heart attack after the attack. he managed to evade police and fled the courthouse on his motorbike before being arrested. prime minister said it was an act of revenge 'against those that ruined me'
audrey bolte told the ohio court she was expecting to meet ryan poston on the night he was shot dead but he failed to arrive for their date. shayna hubers, 24, is charged with murder in the shooting death of her boyfriend, 29-year-old poston, who was shot six times at home on october 12, 2012. hubers claims she shot poston in self-defense and that he was trying to break up with her. a cellmate of the accused claims hubers 'cackled' with glee after the shooting and confessed to her while behind bars.
katie hopkins, 40, said migrant vessels 'need pushing back' on radio show. former celebrity big brother contestant said boats in north africa 'need to be 'burned' to cut immigration. she asked listeners: 'why do we take on everyone else's problem'   she was branded a 'vile racist' and a'manifestation of the culture of toxic hate' in the uk. more than 900 people are feared dead after a fishing boat overturned in the mediterranean sea.
price of milk, eggs, cheese, vegetables and meat have fallen by 0.9 per cent in the last 12 months. clothes and footwear have also seen a 7.8 per cent fall in the cost of clothes and shoes. falling prices of oil have also led to cheaper fuel and electrical goods.
samantha and david cameron's home has been in the spotlight recently. etiquette expert william hanson says that politicians' homes should be upmarket. he says that there are a number of items that are required for a posh home. william says that the prime minister's kitchen is a good example of a 'posh' home.
two female passengers were seen visiting the cockpit of a ryanair flight mid-flight. irish aviation authority are investigating after fellow passengers on board expressed concerns. two women were believed to be off-duty members of staff on board the flight from dublin to berlin schönefeld. the women have since been revealed as two female passengers.
an hour with ruta claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with norwegian parents to strengthen nordic country's 'genetic material'   show claimed child protection service was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a'sought-after commodity' earlier this year, lithuania's son was taken into care by norway's child protection services.
maria lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on the current's website as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station. patrick henry kelly, 56, allegedly repeatedly violated a restraining order radio host mary lucia, 44, had taken out against him after he sent her letters, emails and gifts to her home and workplace . he faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted and is set to go on trial next week.
andrea lindsay, 43, from prescot, merseyside, shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app. dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year. her husband's colleagues thought robbie had traded his wife in for a younger model at a christmas party.
uk oil & gas investments claimed 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the weald basin. but firm admits it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath the home counties. chairman david lenigas has been criticised in the past for exaggerating company's successes. company claims oil could meet a third of britain's oil demand within 15 years.
married father-of-four david nicholson, 48, accused of sending explicit messages to a prostitute using his school email. he wanted to spank her while she was dressed as a schoolgirl and was 'keen' to do so. mr nich olson has resigned as headteacher of costello school in basingstoke, hampshire. he has not returned to the school since the correspondence came to light last month. ofstead is investigating claims he used official school email address to contact an escort.
george davon kennedy of dekalb, georgia, a student at middle tennessee state university, was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city. last week, delonte martistee, 22, and ryan calhoun, 23, were arrested for sexual assault. only one suspect remains at large.
mum gitte denteneer asked staff at the rubens eaterie in leuven, belgium, to warm up milk for her two-month-old son. she was stunned to find 50 cents added to the bill when she paid for the bottle-warming. she tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage on twitter.
danielle and alexander meitiv's children dvora, six, and rafi, 10, were picked up by police on sunday for the second time in two months while walking alone in a maryland park. a concerned citizen called child protection services after seeing the siblings alone. the parents say they were left to panic for hours by cps workers after their children were seized. police found the children wandering the street alone just before christmas. cps found the parents guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone in march.
celebrities sported bizarre outfits at the second weekend of coachella festival in california. jaden smith, kylie jenner and paris hilton all wore bizarre outfits and accessories. neon was the obsession of the weekend as revellers wore a variety of outfits and headgear.
lauren york, 15, ran away from her home in north ridgeville, ohio, at 4am sunday morning. her parents believe she left home on her bike with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone. she was found safe and sound monday afternoon. her mother feared she may be headed to missouri. york was allegedly talking on online chat rooms and making several calls.
the five-day-old hippopotamus was flung into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male. the calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was dragged along the surface of the water in the isimangaliso wetland park, in eastern south africa. the two male hippos had been fighting and the mother of the calf stayed with her herd.
the two-year-old girl from gardena, california, was found naked in a parking lot of a burger restaurant 13 miles from her mother's home. she was found shouting'mommy' after disappearing from a car wash at 4.55pm on thursday. the toddler was scared of male police officers and covered her eyes and screamed. police are searching for the driver of a white recent-model nissan altima seen at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted.
dr habeeb latheef, 48, accused of carrying out sexual assaults on three women patients over four year period. married doctor allegedly told patients he needed to place objects in their hands to measure their sensitivity. instead he allegedly put his penis in their grip and unzipped his trousers. the family doctor denies three charges of sexual assault at taunton crown court.
jeremy scott's spring/summer 2015 collection for moschino was inspired by barbie dolls. olivia phillips, 30, took to the streets of dubai dressed as the iconic doll.    she found everyone smiled at her, small animals and children stared at her.  she wore the spray-on leather skirt suit to do the weekly shop.
rajee narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor oneal ron morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using fix-a-flat, super glue and tire sealant . rajee had morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon. she stepped out on sunday showing off her new face after receiving free treatment from dr john martin . morris is facing manslaughter charges after one of her patients died following the botched surgery.
the photograph is believed to show principal andrew barr surfing for pornography in his office at geelong college. mr barr resigned from his position at the elite private school after an investigation. a student at the college took the picture and shared it on snapchat. chairman of the college council, dr hugh seward, said the incident was a serious breach of the school's standards.
californian joshua corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary after allegedly breaking into sandra bullock's home last summer. corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him. he was found in sandra's home clutching a love letter for the actress. sandra, 50, was forced to make a desperate call to the police after corbett broke into her home.
theresa may initially rejected an application for the 32-year-old taliban henchman to stay in the uk. her decision was overturned by immigration judges. he was accused of killing a provincial governor’s son and was in charge of 65 taliban troops. he claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in kandahar and fled to britain.
danila kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate stray dogs from the streets of vladivostok, russia. 31-year-old believed dogs were to blame for him contracting tuberculosis several years ago. he was sentenced to pay just £200 for killing more than 1,000 dogs using poisoned sausages.
christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house. his complaints were ignored for months before police were finally notified. mr lawler worked at the queen mother's london residence in the 1970s.
cable tv's foxtel will launch the third season of orange is the new black in a full season marathon. the series is currently one of netflix's flagship tv shows in the australian market. netflix will premiere the series on netflix on june 12. the entire season of the prison drama will be shown in one continuous marathon.
the boeing 757 was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff on a flight from reykjavik, iceland, to denver, colorado on tuesday. the plane continued its 3,700-mile journey and landed safely and no one was injured. it wasn't until after landing that passengers and crew discovered a gaping hole in the nose of the plane. pilots reported the lightning but continued on with the eight-hour flight. the lightning struck at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed.
the twin 18-month-old boys have been identified as bothers eli and silas keslar of yuma, arizona. they were pulled out of a canal on friday morning after falling into the water accidentally. authorities have not yet officially identified the boys, but a go fund me page named them and their parents, mark and alexis kesler. the boys are believed to have fallen in the canal accidentally and authorities don't suspect foul play.
pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was centrepiece of tory manifesto launch. but housing associations responded furiously - with one board member lambasting the proposal as the 'right to steal'   bosses of housing associations are reported to earn £332,000 a year and more than mr cameron's £142,500.
five bedroom home is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and hollywood icon ava gardner spent her final years. it offers three reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/dining room with a lift servicing each floor of the building. the property is in the high-end ennismore gardens, london where gardner lived until her death in 1990. gardner was listed 25th among the american film institute's greatest female stars.
the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie but has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color. heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, plus more than 150 other items from the academy award-winning film at auction on saturday in california.
native reds have been almost wiped out in the country, except for a few pockets in the north of england, the isle of wight and scotland. since 1952, 95% of red squirrels has been wiped out. but experts say there have been a number of sightings in windermere, in the lake district. experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area.
emily ratajkowski, 23, is a 'carnivore' and loves to cook using fresh ingredients. she says she loves hiking, yoga and occasional indulgence. she shot to fame as star of blurred lines music video in 2013.    she is a fan of fausto puglisi and always fits in yoga classes.
mrs. clinton flew from new hampshire to boston logan international airport at speeds of 80 miles-per-hour to catch a us airways shuttle to washington, d.c. on tuesday afternoon. she and chief of staff huma abedin were seated in first class on the 12-seat flight. her secret service-provided'scooby' van was escorted by state troopers from both states. just a day earlier, clinton's motorcade drove at 92 mph to make a dinner party in new h hampshire. she insisted that she didn't book the first class tickets herself – but refused to answer questions about the benghazi terror attack.
joanna goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds at premier inn in newcastle. 30-year-old receptionist stole money from the till and took it for herself. she was given a nine-month suspended sentence and ordered to pay back just £1 as she has no assets.
sarah stage, a 30-year-old from los angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy pregnancy selfies. her son james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday. she shared the first photo of her post-baby body just four days after giving birth to her son.
one utah national guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with hot shots 2015. investigator blamed a sexist culture and pornography for the attitudes that led to the controversial photo shoot. one special forces officer lost his position and three others were reprimanded for their participation. two police officers were also disciplined after participating in a day of the calendar video. soldiers were forced to pay back $200 in military fuel and a tank, armored truck and helicopter were used.
specialised 77 brigade launched in january in response to jihadis’ mastery of online propaganda. brigade's commander says he has failed to recruit enough ‘talent’ for psychological warfare unit. brigadier alastair aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in social media and financial operations. brigade will number just 454 regular and reservist troops when fully operational.
the stars of married at first sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the fyi series. jaclyn methuen continues to put her new husband ryan ranellone in the 'friend zone' during their romantic trip to puerto rico. jessica castro and ryan deniro are also experiencing marital problems.
some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar, warns dentist dr sameer patel. dr patel has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet'   he warns some products can contain hidden ingredients that can damage teeth.  white bread and white bread can contribute to dental decay, he warns.
the head of the drug enforcement administration, michele leonhart, is expected to resign soon, an obama administration official said tuesday. she has faced mounting pressure from congress, where some questioned her competence in the wake of a government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes. she was widely criticized for her response to the report and a group of lawmakers said she was 'woefully unable to change' the agency's culture. leonart has led the dea since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job.
detective ian cyrus has been suspended without pay and his supervisor has been placed on desk duty. manager of brooklyn deli said detective was caught on camera stealing cash from rent money box under the counter. five detectives were at the store arresting workers for selling illegal cigarettes.    detective cyrus grabbed a handful of cash from the cash register and put it in his coat pocket.
eddie raymond tipton, 51, of norwalk, iowa was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery. now prosecutors believe he used an intricate hack to ensure he won the $14.3million jackpot.   he was arrested in january and charged with having a friend collect his prize. he was accused of installing a self-destructing hack program to make sure his numbers were drawn.
experts from centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences in new york city studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread. northern europeans in the neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming. their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming, which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting.
abc2's new show, tattoo tales, follows the customers of bondi ink, a tattoo parlour in sydney. jan bearman, 83, has a tattoo in memory of her daughter shell, who died in 2011. jan's daughter shelley died of complications from diabetes at the age of 56. jan has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday for the past three years. jan said that her tattoos are a memorial and a way for her to carry her daughter with her.
french photographer and illustrator, thomas lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create'sky art'    he travels the world to photograph the space between buildings in various cities to create the images. lamadua's aim is to'show a different perception of urban architecture and the everyday environment'
humane society international has captured images of baby seals being clubbed to death on canada's ice floes. this year's commercial hunt off the coast of newfoundland is the world's largest annual marine mammal slaughter. images show seals being shot and wounded before they are dragged onto a vessel and killed for their fur. government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 baby seals in the commercial hunt. animal rights charity says the baby seals are 'dying a violent death for fur products nobody wants'   hsi says if the killing happened in view of the public 'it would have been shut down decades ago'
peter kelly was fatally stabbed on tuesday night at the st croix river after an argument with three teenagers. levi acre-kendall, 19, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday. kelly and ross lechman were fishing on the minnesota side of the river when the argument about swearing took a deadly turn. the father-of-five, who leaves behind a wife and five children under the age of nine, was stabbed in the chest. acre-kendall is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision.
judy murray, 55, says she can't wait for her son to have children with new wife kim sears. andy and kim married this weekend at dunblane cathedral. judy said she wasn't sure when her son would have children but he wants them. the tennis coach said she is looking forward to being a granny and teaching them about tennis.
andrew hennells posted a message on facebook admitting his plans to rob a tesco supermarket. the 31-year-old threatened staff with a knife 15 minutes before holding up staff in king's lynn. a member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife in the store. he was found by police in a nearby pub, with £410 in stolen cash and a knife. he has been jailed for four years for armed robbery and carrying a knife at norfolk crown court.
the chevrolet-fnr car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week . general motors has unveiled the chev chevrolet- fnr car. it has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' the car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round. using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes. the car was only a concept for now, so there is no release date or planned production date yet.
smoke poured over westhampton beach on wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos. 12 fire crews tried to control the flames but could not get inside the building. it is not known what started the fire which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings. building manager who lived and worked in the complex has 'lost everything'
nutritionist charlotte watts argues that stress drains nutrients from the body and shows up in surprising ways. cracks at the side of the mouth are a sign the body is low on vitamin b6. white spots on nails and bleeding gums are also signs of stress, warns nutritionist. she recommends the best foods to get rid of each of the symptoms.
darren goddard, 48, left behind his 18-month-old son lewis helget, 27, in 1989 after his marriage broke down. mr goddard's daughter created a facebook page for him but he never used it. he was about to delete the account when he saw his son's appeal for help finding his father. darren left germany after he was involved in a car accident which ended his career as a soldier.
diane priestley was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue. husband david priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for an ambulance to reach his wife. she died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at hospital. investigation found ambulance should have been given response priority of eight minutes. north east ambulance service admitted delay was initially due to call-handler error.
victoria mckennon is just one class short of the credits she needs to graduate from plano senior high school in texas. the 17-year-old is desperate to take part in the graduation ceremony in june. she has missed dozens of lessons due to her life-threatening cystic fibrosis. officials at the school have refused to allow her to participate in the ceremony. the family has filed a civil rights complaint with the department of education over the dispute.
krista dotzenrod from minnesota, 24, caught a foul ball in her cup of beer during a game against the san diego padres on saturday afternoon. she chugged the beer in celebration and posted a picture of the catch on instagram. she said it was 'pure luck'   she was sitting in the second row at the game in chicago.
a poll by yougov revealed that both brits and americans want royal baby number two to be a girl. americans are five times less interested in the royal baby than they were in prince george's birth in 2013. diana and elizabeth are the favourite royal baby names for both countries. the us are more interested in birth of jessica biel's baby.
the couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in south west houston. her husband tried to drive off in his green chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over. paramedics rushed the woman to memorial hermann hospital southwest where doctors successfully delivered her baby by cesarean section. police questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him.
pietro boselli, 26, is an advanced maths lecturer with a phd at london's university college london. admits he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students at ucl.    he is hoping to earn enough money from modelling to set up his own engineering consultancy. his instagram account has amassed more than 480,000 followers.
the group, calling themselves hookers for hillary, all work at dennis hof's infamous moonlite bunny ranch in carson city. they cite clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her.
bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying dictator. the book, called kim jong un's revolutionary activities, has been distributed to middle and high schools. it claims dictator won a yacht race aged nine and learned to drive a year as a toddler.
britannia is the largest cruise ship built for the british market. passengers can sample gins from 20 of the uk's 56 counties. tamara hm learns to cook from master patissier eric lanlard in the cookery club.
british officers forced to accept the four-day inspection from experts from moscow despite heightened tensions with vladimir putin. they are attending exercise joint warrior, designed to send signal to president in face of aggression. britain and 11 other nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise.
ronald peijenburg has previously used a hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver asparagus. the drone crashed part-way through its journey to the michelin-star restaurant in the netherlands. it exploded mid-journey as it was flying to the top dutch restaurant.
circuit judge michael maggio has surrendered his law licence to avoid disciplinary hearing. maggio faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine for bribery conviction in separate case. he posted private details of charlize theron's adoption two months before she announced it. he admitted posting racist, sexist and offensive comments on a message board. he pleaded guilty to federal bribery charges in march and surrendered his licence.
amol gupta, from manhattan, is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine. the match took place april 27, 2013, on roosevelt island. kickball is a popular schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat.
geraldine jones, 36, of gary, indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of samantha fleming, 23, of anderson. fleming and her three-week old baby went missing from her home in anderson on april 5. she was found stabbed, doused in bleach and wrapped in plastic in jones' home. police believe jones duped fleming into thinking she was a child-welfare worker and stole her baby to pass off as her own. jones is being treated in texas for depression.
nathalie croquet, from paris, has recreated the adverts of givenchy, lancome, lanvin and acne. she took two months to create the series of images for her project spoof. she has worked as a photo stylist for 25 years and has worked with 200 photographers.
mandy greenwood, 39, from rochdale, was abused by her father from the age of seven. keith whitworth, 61, told her he only did it because he loved her. she carried the secret around with her for more than 20 years. it was only after she confided in her husband, dave, that she sought help. she escaped home life by getting pregnant with her daughter at 15, and son four years later. father was jailed for 22 years for catalogue of abuse against three children.
frances clarkson, 53, showed off her holiday tan in a white bikini on a beach in barbados. she has previously holidayed on the island with her estranged husband jeremy, 54, but the pair are said to have lived apart for years. the broadcaster was sacked from top gear last month after a 'fracas' with a top gear producer.
airline codes features the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries and explains the three-letter airport codes. the website explains the origin of the unusual acronyms and explains how they are chosen. the airport codes website features a list of airport codes for all major airports around the world.
kaitlyn granado, 24, was arrested on monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car on consecutive nights in january. teacher at macarthur high school in irving, texas, was first arrested on march 19 for having relationship with 15-year-old. she admitted kissing another boy, also 15, and letting him touch her breasts. granado was arrested again after another pupil accused her of having sex with him on two consecutive nights.
clinton and top aide huma abedin were spotted at a chipotle in maumee, ohio, on monday for lunch during their cross-country road trip. but the manager says they didn't leave a tip - even though there was a jar of change on the counter. clinton's bill was $20 and some change, and she paid with $21 and left. the restaurant's manager says 'the other lady paid the bill' for the meal.
james gregoire, 54, was killed following a late night 'altercation' in clacton, essex. a 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the death. a second man was seriously injured in the brawl and a third man suffered minor injuries. police have closed off a large area of the town centre as forensic officers search for evidence.
jay rutland, 34, is married to the 30-year-old daughter of formula one boss bernie ecclestone. training consultant's firm brigante business developments brought in just £3,378 over the 12 months to july 2014. he lives with his wife and daughter sophia, one, in a £45million house in west london.
michael slager, 33, will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks. baby will not be able to enter charleston county jail. baby is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter the prison. slager was charged with murder after shooting walter scott, 50, after stopping him over a broken tail light. man who was in the car when walter was gunned down was identified as drifter fulton.
the video captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in cottonwood, arizona, on march 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight. eric garver, 21, was killed and cottonwood police sgt jeremy daniels, 31, was shot in the leg during the attack. one member of the gaver family was killed in the shootout, enoch gaver, 21. the gavers were part of a band called'matthew 24 now' and had been camping outside walmart for a few days. eight members of the family have been jailed.
the intentionally mysterious app called none* gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type guesses. it is intentionally more mysterious than a crossword and is available for ios, android and windows phone devices. players are confronted with a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text. there are 50 levels in total in none* but just 10 per cent of players have completed the game. between 10,000 and 50,000 people have downloaded the free app via google play.
former prime minister said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments. he said his ideas of leadership were ‘close to a benevolent dictatorship’ in interview with newsweek. mr blair also praised the authoritarian military regime in egypt. tory mp andrew bridgen has branded blair a'megalomaniac' for his remarks.
nine of the top 15 companies are tech companies, law firms and consulting firms. netflix pays a median of $180,000 a year and google comes in at no. 13. wall street law firm, skadden, arps and management consultants also make the list.
truckers from bulgaria, poland and romania who already work in the uk are being offered £100 by employment agency. employment agency mainline is offering incentive to any worker who refers a qualified hgv driver to work in britain. company did try a recruitment drive to attract drivers from cornwall but failed.
shannon hamilton was arrested on sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in georgia where his 16-year-old daughter had died. cecily hamilton, 16, and her friend taylor swing, 18, died on march 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in white county and into the water below. hamilton's son, kale, captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone.
wei guiyi, 76, has guided her blind hubby huang funeng, 80, around with a bamboo pole for 30 years using bamboo sticks. she guides him through the streets of donglan county in southern china using the sticks. the couple married 55 years ago and promised to look after each other for the rest of their lives.
the aluminium battery was created at stanford university, california. it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive'    the battery can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity. but the researchers said the battery has only half the voltage of lithium-ion technology.
eritrean refugees told how they were forced to deny their faith or face death at the hands of islamist gunmen in libya. haben, 19, and his brother samuel, 14, made the journey across the mediterranean to escape beheading. he said his friends had been shot dead by armed isis terrorists who patrol towns and beaches of north african state. around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks trying to reach europe in boats from libya .
stephanie scott's burned body has been formally identified. the body of the 26-year-old was found in cocoparra national park in nsw on friday. her body was found five metres from a road in a national park. ms scott went missing on easter sunday while preparing to marry her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley. she was a high school teacher from leeton and was due to marry on april 11. her father has opened up about the grief his family is feeling as they prepare for her funeral.
vera baird donated £500,000 to victims first northumbria, a charity of which she is a director. police and crime commissioner donated money to charity alongside chief constable sue sim. critics have accused the pair of creating 'a soap opera' within the force. ministry of justice is now investigating whether conflict of interest rules were broken.
a mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of far north queensland is on the market for $15 million. the home was designed by architect charles wright and won the australian institute of architects house of the year for queensland in 2014. it features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies, a helipad and a man-made lake. the property is located within 73 acres of daintree rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of queensland beachfront. it was inspired by stamps and was five years in the making.
56-page notebook is believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript in existence. was written in 1942 at bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in buckinghamshire. details his work on the foundations of mathematical notation and computer science. sold at auction for $1,025,000 (£698,000) at bonhams in new york on monday. part of the proceeds will be donated to charity. turing is best known for his contribution to cracking the code used by the germans in enigma.
shelley dufresne, 32, confessed in court thursday to having sex with a 16-year-old student at destrehan high school in louisiana. she and fellow teacher rachel respess, 24, were arrested in september after a student at the school started bragging that he had slept with both of them. the unidentified teen was a student in her english class at the time. as part of a plea deal, the married mother-of-three will not have to serve any jail time or register as a sex offender. she must undergo a 90-day inpatient mental health treatment program, surrender her teacher's license and stay away from the victim
britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy an apple watch, with the 38mm sport version costing £299 in the uk. the watch is available to pre-order in nine countries and is now available in china and australia. most expensive edition model costs up to £2,500 more in britain compared to the us. the sport is round £63 more expensive in the us than the us and a difference of £1,230 for the watch edition.
45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed said they had a painful back or neck - up from 28 per cent last year. almost one in four said they are in pain on a daily basis. experts blame increasingly sedentary lifestyles and obsession with mobile phones. children as young as 12 are seeking treatment for back and neck problems.
bmw driver rammed a shirtless man in the street after a furious road rage row in east london. one of the men emerged from his black bmw with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white car. the 25-year-old driver was arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm after the incident. he was taken to hospital and later released on police bail.
maya angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning, was issued the forever stamp for her contributions to the arts and this country. a quote attributed to angelou on her commemorative stamp is actually that of another author. joan walsh anglund wrote in her 1967 book a cup of sun the quote was used in a children's book. the stamp was unveiled tuesday at an event featuring first lady michelle obama and oprah winfrey.
ella henderson, 19, is the face of dry shampoo brand batiste's 2015'ready for it' campaign. it is the star's first brand collaboration. the x factor finalist is the official face of the brand's international campaign. she is pictured against a blurred city background with her long hair.
roy caribbean's legend of the seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked in san diego with norovirus. the celebrity infinity cruise liner docked on tuesday with 106 people who had fallen ill with the illness. both ships are owned by royal caribbeans and were on 15-night cruises from florida.
marc carn, 29, from plymouth, went missing during a stag do in barcelona with friends on saturday night. father-of-four failed to turn up for his flight back home after drinking in irish bar with friends. taxi driver dumped him and told him to find his own way home - and he walked for two days. mr carn handed himself into the british consulate this afternoon after walking for 20 hours to find safety. his family feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins freddie and stanley.
peter endean is standing for nigel farage's party in council elections and is seeking election in plymouth, devon. re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'labour's new floating voters. coming to a country near you soon'    around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks trying to reach europe in people smugglers' boats. mr endean has apologised and claims he retweeted it by mistake and it was 'not intentional'
easyjet is cancelling 118 flights to and from france, including 10 from british airports. up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be cancelled over the next three days. walk-out by french air traffic controllers will start at 5am tomorrow and run 48 hours.
the feature lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app. facebook is currently only available to selected people for testing in taiwan and australia. the sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user's most messaged friends. users can choose from an array of small pictures to go with their status.
former chancellor warns against signing up to 'blank cheques' to the nhs and foreign aid budgets. mr clarke says conservatives 'haven't been able to win an election for 23 years'   he also criticised the tory leadership for making personal attacks on ed miliband.
zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi late on thursday. his release was slammed with indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims of the attack. it comes after nearly four months of wrangling over his detention. he was granted bail in december, sparking an angry response from new delhi.
customer complained about the quality of a milkshake served at a louisiana branch of burger king and asked to speak to a manager. the employee started to curse at the customer and threatened her with a slap. the customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument. burger king has since confirmed that the employee has been fired.
the royal australian mint has minted a new $2 coin to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the landing of anzac troops at gallipoli. the coin was released as part of the official anzac centenary coin program. one and a half million coins will be released into circulation over the coming weeks. it features a red poppy design, crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers and the words 'lest we forget'
eloise parry, known as ella, 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol. she drove herself to a&e after feeling unwell at lunchtime on april 12. doctors tried to stabilise her but she died three hours later at royal shrewsbury hospital. her mother fiona, 51, has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online. miss parry died after taking the lethal dose of the drug, which is toxic and has no antidote.
walter scott was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over by officer michael slager. he had already been jailed three times over missed payments. but court records show there was no warrant out for his arrest at the time. his family believed he fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind on payments. slager has since been charged with scott's murder.
just over half of american women worry about the long term damage of beauty treatments. seven per cent of women have had allergic reactions to salon treatments. nearly a fifth of women would still pursue a treatment even if it was hazardous to their health. the majority of women say beauty treatments make them feel better about themselves and improve their looks.
rachel lehnardt, 35, had been a life-long follower of the mormon church and turned to drink after divorcing from her husband james, who returned from iraq with ptsd. she was arrested after she threw a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter and her friends at her georgia home. she woke up to find her daughter's boyfriend raping her and threw him off. she told her alcoholics anonymous sponsor about the incident and the sponsor went to authorities. lehnardedt was arrested and charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
56-page book bought in cambridge contains turing's thoughts on the tricky 'leibniz notation dx/dy'   it was written at bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science. it is believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript known to exist and could fetch £690,000.
porters are carrying passengers' luggage up and down 32 stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station every day. construction project didn't budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal. a new metro line extension opened this week but there is no moving staircase. the escalator was built for airport customers but it connects with an unbuilt train station.
not on hand was harrison ford, who is the franchise's han solo. producer kathleen kennedy explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a march plane crash in los angeles. director jj abrams explained the star wars: episode vii - the force awakens panel was held at california's anaheim convention center. carrie fisher, 58, and mark hamill, 63, were arm-in-arm on the stage before the second trailer for the december film was rolled out.
maria kukucova, 25, was arrested in april last year after former partner andy bush was found murdered. gold dealer was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on costa del sol in southern spain. she had gone on the run but was tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in slovakia. her parents lubomir kukuca, 50, and danka, 51, are being forced to sell their home to pay thousands for her lawyers' fees. they said they feel hated in their own village and are planning to move to a more secluded area.
eight guards at nauru detention centre have been suspended after posting anti-islamic messages on social media. the men were pictured with pauline hanson at a recent reclaim australia rally. the guards were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity'   seven of the men are former australian defence personnel.    the guards referred to asylum seekers in their care as 'the enemy' and accused companies of supporting terrorism.
draw hollinshead, 21, was driving through bournemouth when he saw a pensioner collapse on the pavement. he pulled into the first space available and helped the woman for less than a minute. traffic warden slapped him with a £70 ticket for parking in a disabled bay. he initially tore up the ticket and threw it in a bin but later went back to pick it up.
horry county police said the mother of an abandoned baby girl turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television. the hours old baby girl was found trapped in a tied plastic bag inside a dumpster in a south carolina apartment complex. austin detray was with his brother when they heard the infant crying from inside the dumpster and rescued her. the infant was found struggling to breathe inside the bag and was found in stable condition. the mother is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released, police said.
tory leader embarked on his first proper walkabout of the campaign in alnwick to drum up support for re-election. was told to avoid 'name calling' tactics against labour leader ed miliband in berwick-upon-tweed constituency. but was reprimanded by a local woman for the 'name-calling' in the campaign.   a busker with a ukulele sang: 'f*** off back to eton with all your eton chums'   mr cameron has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters.
marcus and his nine-year-old sister aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of his home in clinton on sunday morning. the boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke. he stayed calm throughout the 11-minute call and was rescued along with his sister. he provided firefighters with instructions during the call and got himself and his sister rescued.
klaus-dieter scheurle, head of deutsche flugsicherung authority, urged aviation industry to develop system. could help prevent a repeat of the germanwings crash last month. investigators believe co-pilot andreas lubitz locked captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed plane.
actor and former california governor said the new laws are 'distracting and divisive' for the republican party. he said republicans are focusing on the wrong issues and only hurt the gop and alienate voters. the religious freedom restoration act has sparked a nationwide outcry, with many claiming it legalizes discrimination.
ss sergeant oskar groening - known as 'the bookkeeper of auschwitz' - is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews. 93-year-old was tasked with meeting trains bringing victims to extermination camp. he was on duty when 450,000 hungarian jews were gassed at the camp in 1944. survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of groening.
linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in ohio. the 56-year-old works in the college of applied engineering. he claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign. he was charged with menacing, a fourth-degree misdemeanor.
may wong's four-year-old cockapoo, miss darcy, has visited 11 countries and 23 destinations. she takes more trips with her owner every year than the average briton and has covered 25,000 miles since 2011. she has travelled to new york, berlin, stockholm, milan and paris.
hoda muthana, 20, lived with her moderate muslim family in hoover, alabama, and studied business at the university of alabama. she told how she cashed in her tuition money and spent it on a flight to raqqa, syria. she married an australian jihadi and moved there to wage war on the west. now the former student has called for drive-by shootings on memorial day and for all true muslims to join isis. her father said she was brainwashed by terrorists and her family tried to convince her to come home.
faysal mohamed and two friends were pulled over by police officers in south minneapolis on march 18. one officer threatened to break the legs of the teens. the officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto. minneapolis police department is investigating the incident.
national union of teachers has called for a ‘positive portrayal of same sex relationships’ in lessons to be made ‘compulsory’ under the next government. critics accuse the nut of ‘thought control’ and say it would be making teachers choose between faith and job. christian institute says it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against their beliefs.
some children drink ‘excessive’ amounts of red bull, monster and relentless, teaching union claims. chris keates, general secretary of the nasuwt, likened the caffeinated refreshments to ‘legal highs’ 13 per cent of teachers surveyed cited energy drinks as a driver of poor pupil behaviour. the teaching union is now working with national drug and alcohol charity to provide advice on energy drinks.
rappers quavious marshall, 24, kirschnick ball, 20, and kiari cephus, 23, were escorted off the georgia southern university campus mid-performance on saturday night and taken into custody. all of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not fulfill their upcoming tour dates. multiple guns, marijuana and another undisclosed drug were found in their van.
ticket-holders paid nearly £40 to see singer perform at 'intimate gig' in canterbury last night. but he arrived three hours late and only played two songs before telling fans'see you on tour' club chemistry has apologised to the audience and accused him of breaking his contract.
25-ft long chunk of a fiberglass boat was found floating off the coast of oregon. live yellowtail jack fish, native to japan, were found inside the debris and are being housed in the oregon coast aquarium. an estimated 5 million tons of debris washed into the ocean after the 2011 japanese tsunami.
spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months, study shows. spending on women's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year, and 4 per cent for men. a fifth of people are delaying a major purchase until after the general election. low grocery and household bills has encouraged people to spend more.
michael slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer. the conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the shooting of walter scott, 50. senior officer told slager to go home and relax after the shooting. scott was shot five times in the back as he ran away from a traffic stop in north charleston, south carolina. slager was fired from the police and charged with murder on tuesday. national bar association is calling for officer clarence habersham, 37, to be arrested for falsifying a report.
tory party chairman accused of changing pages to promote himself and damage rivals. mr shapps has denied the allegations claiming they were part of 'an extreme dirty tricks campaign'   mr shapps deleted embarrassing references to his past from his own page and others' pages. justine greening and lynton crosby were among those mentioned in the edits.
the tennessee supreme court postponed execution dates for leroy hall jr, 48, donald wayne strouth, 56, nicholas todd sutton, 53, and abu-ali abdur'rahman, 64. the last four men are on the state's death row. new lethal injection methods are being challenged and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions. electrocution has been designated as a backup method. the court is waiting for verdicts about the constitutionality of the lethal injection drug pentobarbital .
the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building in crown heights. witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'halloween prank' the woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family.
jessica silva reveals on 60 minutes why she had to kill her abusive partner james polkinghorne. she was convicted of manslaughter for stabbing him to death in mother's day 2012. she visited the home of his father to explain to him why she killed his son. michael usher, the journalist who conducted the interview, said silva walked away from the interview 'totally drained'   jessica says she hopes his family can one day forgive her for what she did.   she was living in fear and violence and she told no one about the abuse.
study looked at the voting habits of 2,355 twins born in the uk. aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances. identical twins were more likely to vote the same way than non-identical twins. voting conservative was strongly influenced by genetics, with 57 per cent of the variability due to genetics.
skeletons were found on top of one another in a tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century in korea. it's thought that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman and her lover. the man is believed to have been a human sacrifice and his bones were found in the tomb. some experts say the set-up could even have been designed to show two people having sex. both the woman and the man are thought to have died between the ages of 20 and 30. archaeologists believe that the man may have been killed so he could be buried with her.
shailene woodley colours her lips with roasted beetroot as an alternative to lipstick. blake lively uses mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before showering. lupita nyong'o uses avocado to treat her dry skin. scarlett johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser and to keep spots at bay. kate moss submerges her face in cucumber water.
joseph o'riordan, 76, stabbed his wife mandy, 47, nine times with a kitchen knife after discovering her affair with postman nick gunn, 41. he was found guilty of attempted murder at brighton crown court after jury took just two hours and ten minutes. but it has been revealed that postman lover had previous affairs with women on his rounds. he confessed to a former partner that he had cheated on a previous partner with a woman he was delivering post to.    he hired a private detective to watch his wife and set up a gps tracker on her car to track her movements.
revered al sharpton delivered a sermon and addressed the walter scott situation at charity missionary baptist church in north charleston on sunday morning. elected officials and police from the town were in attendance. the civil rights leader is expected to attend a vigil for scott, 50, who was killed by a white police officer after he fled a traffic stop. sharpton denied scott's family barred him from attending his funeral on saturday.
a poll of 2,000 britons found 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. two in five had injured their back, one in five cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from chemical fumes. men are more likely than women to try to cut corners when doing a job.
nafir afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania' and warned 'another 7/7' could happen. former head of crown prosecution service in north-west said children are'manipulated' by isis. he said britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation. prosecutor said some muslim teenagers see isis as 'pop idols' like one direction and justin bieber.
spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain. but then the climate warmed to 13°c (55°f) and became more humid. this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions .
london-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike. called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. crispin sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site indiegogo. the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor. it was designed by london- based crispin sinclair - son of the famous british inventor sir clive sinclair.
london mayor has been largely invisible at a national level despite being second best known tory in the country. will make a high-profile joint appearance with david cameron next week. there have been calls from conservative mps for mr johnson to be 'weaponised' as party seeks to break away from labour.
president barack obama and cuban president raul castro shake hands at summit of the americas in panama. white house has set expectations for a'substantive' exchange with castro on saturday. the pair are expected to discuss efforts to restore full diplomatic relations and boost trade and travel between the two countries.   it could be the official removal of cuba from the state department's list of state terror sponsors. the two leaders have met once before - at the funeral of nelson mandela in 2013.
holly barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains but thought it was just a bad hangover. she started coughing up blood and was having difficulty breathing so rushed to hospital. doctors found she had 13 pulmonary embolisms - blood clots blocking the arteries in her lungs. she was told she was days from death and was diagnosed with another blockage a year later. ms barber believed she was being paranoid and thought she was just having a hangover . she has since given up drinking and taken up exercise to lead the healthiest life possible.
centre pompidou malaga, a pop-up version of the parisian gallery, has opened to visitors. the southern spanish port is one of europe's hippest destinations. there are several new galleries and museums in the city, and a thriving cultural scene. malaga's botanic garden and car museum are two of the best in europe.
ashley madison, an online dating agency, is betting on europe's relaxed attitude to boost its investment. founder noel biderman, 43, wants to raise money from british investors to fund a launch of its services in russia, ukraine and baltic states. company hopes to list shares on the stock market in london later this year. with more than 34 million members worldwide, it claims to be the world's second-largest dating website.
sandra mathis, 52, was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso in san diego sunday. the victim was found bleeding from a wound in his neck under a bridge in broad daylight. police found sandra mathis trying to revive her mortally wounded husband. the couple were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems. mathis was caught on camera sobbing with blood on her face during her arrest.
yvonne camargo, 39, of victorville, california, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3. the video was filmed april 1 in a parking lot and shows her hitting a crying child in the face with an ipad-like tablet. she was arrested after a video viewer reported her to police.
one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band and two silver star stickers covering her nipples. the first weekend of the coachella festival in indio, california, was full of dodgy style disasters. from the man who wore a loincloth over speedos to the couple who wore matching american flag leotards, could this be the worst year for festival fashion?
john brynarsky's son chris was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his custom car detail shop in union county, north carolina. when he was shot, he fell over a bumper he was working on and damaged it. his friend mark cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend. nine years later, john was working at his father's body shop when he found the message.
jamal kiyemba, 36, was detained in the ugandan capital kampala in connection with the murder of joan kagezi. she was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against al-shabaab. he was held at guantanamo bay for four years and was released in 2006. the former pharmacy student was awarded £1million from the british government over claims of human rights abuse. he is one of 16 former prisoners awarded a £20million payout from the taxpayer for claims of false imprisonment.
poll of 15,560 family doctors also found one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether. senior gps say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population. health secretary jeremy hunt has pledged to alter targets and invest more in surgeries.
400 zimbabweans, including pregnant women and babies, are among the african immigrants arriving in their home countries. about 3,200 malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps. zulu king goodwill zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in south africa. seven people have been killed in anti-immigrant attacks in recent days.
hayley grimes, 42, found baby peter's body in a pond in norfolk in 1988 and was accused of being his mother. she was a teenager when she found the baby's body wrapped in a blanket and a bag. the boy's mother was arrested after police used dna profiling to trace back to his family. she told officers she had put the body in the lake after a stillbirth. but ms grimes said she was scarred after being accused of dumping the baby and was 'blamed' by locals. the mother was later arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped.
doctors at imperial college london took a new look at caesar's symptoms described in greek and roman documents. caesar collapsed at the battle of thapsus in 46bc and historians have long believed it was result of an epileptic attack. mini-strokes can explain a number of symptoms better than epilepsy. for instance, caesar was known to suffer from depression towards the end of his life.
baroness hale of richmond wants to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes. wants couples to be made to sort out arrangements for children and money before divorce. around 120,000 couples divorce in england and wales each year. lady hale was behind the move for 'no fault' divorce 20 years ago.
marla mccants, 43-year-old mother-of-three from nashville, tennessee, weighed 800lbs. she was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage and weighed 700lbs. after years of being bound to her bed, doctors told her she was months from dying. she underwent gastric bypass surgery and was discharged from the hospital, but refused to stand up for the first time. she stood up on last night's season finale of my 600lb life.
gang posed as wealthy italian businessmen and planned to steal £1.5million in gold bullion and jewellery. they used flat-pack wooden cabinet as a 'trojan horse' to hide inside and switch cash for fake notes. one of the men would show jeweller real money and then switch it for counterfeit notes. three men and one teenager were arrested after police found them assembling the cabinet in a hotel room. police found 2.2million in counterfeit euros and £52,000 of legitimate euro notes in a drawer. luigi arcuri, 73, nikolic giuliano, 37 and antonino ballistreri, 45, were each sentenced to
peter fox, 26, is believed to have fled to london after his mother and sister were found dead in bootle, merseyside. body of sarah fox, 27, was found by police on thursday after being reported missing. her mother bernadette fox, 57, found dead at sheltered accommodation half a mile away. police say she died of asphyxiation and her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. police have released images of peter fox arriving at euston station in london on wednesday night. fox's family today said they are 'absolutely devastated' at the deaths of the two women.
almost 100 dogs were found locked up in a barn in manchester, tennessee, surrounded by their own waste and living in total darkness. the animals were rescued by animal rescue corps from the property of caroline irby, 64, who has been charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty. some of the dogs had acid burns from the ammonia of their own urine and were covered in maggots. irby was charged with animal cruelty and booked into jail on $10,000 bond. the dogs were all adults and a variety of breeds.
the couple star in balmain's army of lovers men's campaign for spring/summer 2015. creative director olivier rousteing, 29, says they are 'among the most talked-about people'   he says they'represent a family for the new world' and embody the idea of a modern family.
presidential candidate told face the nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference. but insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right. last week he admitted he would attend the gay wedding of someone he 'cared' for, even if he didn't agree with the decision.
the tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport, greater manchester, in the 1930s. they were originally intended to be turned into a car park, but were turned into an air raid shelter. the shelter was so popular that officials had to issue season tickets to limit the number of people who could hide there. the tunnels could hold 6,500 people, and was converted into a museum.
jareret stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews, 36. he was arrested on friday in las vegas, nevada, on drug possession charges. the nhl player was arrested for possession of cocaine and mdma at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel. stoll was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of mdma. he looked wide-eyed and alert in his mugshot.
kelly parsons, 35, from london, has donated 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive. mother-of-two has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman to give birth to a boy. kelly and husband dean, 41, struggled for eight years to conceive daughter emily. she suffered three heartbreaking miscarriages and gave birth to daughter in 2011. in the space of 11 months, kelly has donated eggs three times, leading to three successful pregnancies.
child was fine and was safely reunited with parents. the unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on sunday afternoon. the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on saturday. a man carrying a backpack and rolling suitcase shot himself while carrying a sign about taxation.
coach driver was forced to perform a u-turn on a river slipway in dartmouth, devon. he was carrying a bus full of french tourists after trying to take a ferry to cross the river dart. the driver was turned back after he tried to board the ferry but was too big to cross. eyewitnesses feared that the bus would slide into the estuary.
tania rahman, 27, was asked to run a food stall at st george's day event in salisbury. but salisbury city council told her it would not accept her offer because it 'only wanted english food'   council has since apologised for the letter and invited her to run stand on the day.
waheed ahmed, 21, is the son of rochdale labour councillor shakil ahmed who was detained in turkey earlier this month. he is understood to be returning to the uk on a flight to manchester from dalaman tonight. waheed was arrested with eight relatives - including four children - trying to sneak into syria. he was with his aunt, two cousins and one of his cousin's wives .
laura jordan was told jack jordan, 23, had just weeks to live after being diagnosed with leukaemia in 2013. the couple got engaged at jack's hospital bedside just two months ago. jack was diagnosed with the disease and diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia. he was told by doctors he had just a few days to live on april 11. laura and jack married just six days after the heartbreaking news at torbay hospital chapel in devon.
william ziegler, now 39, was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001 for the killing of russell allen baker. he was jailed for the murder of the acquaintance of his who was found dead in mobile. in 2012 a judge blasted his initial trial, saying his lawyers were substandard. he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder and was freed today. judge sentenced him to the 15 years and 50 days he has already served on death row.
marc gasol of the memphis grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the new orleans pelicans 110-74 on wednesday night. he stopped to chat with a young fan on the sidelines. the child is a devoted grizzlies fan and popular with the players.
five time emmy-winning actress candice bergen, now 68, was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom murphy brown. edgar bergen's daughter reveals that her father belittled her looks and favored his ventriloquist dummy charlie mccarthy. she reveals that she would sit on one of her father's knees at the breakfast table and charlie sat on the other. when he died in 1978, her penurious father left her out of his will - but not charlie.
niamh geaney, a 26-year-old student from dublin, found her doppleganger in karen branigan, 29, through a social media campaign. she teamed up with two friends to launch a project called twin strangers. the aim was to find their closest lookalike within 28 days. miss geaney found her    in just two weeks - just an hour away from karen, a fellow ireland native. miss greaney is still promoting the project across social media with her friends.
le manoir aux quat'saisons is raymond blanc's oxford manor house and cooking school. lucy verasamy spent a day at the in-house cookery school at his oxfordshire home. the food, body, mind course at the manoir is a must-see for foodies.
terry cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog sam when badger burst through hedge with two cubs. pensioner said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked. national farmers' union has issued advice for residents on protecting property from badgers.
group called community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets to help the homeless. the phones are loaded with apps to help people find shelters and find housing. the bay area has one of the most acute homelessness problems in the u.s.    the average person in silicon valley earned $116,033 last year, compared to $69,000 nationally.
the authorities have closed a total of six chinese restaurants in the local area since police raided the lo yen city restaurant in southern tijuana. police received a tip-off from a customer who saw staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish on the menu. the customer called in the cops after witnessing kitchen staff killing the dog. five arrests were made at the restaurant and five other restaurants have been closed since the raid.
shona banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home in garden city, kansas. she wrote a book about how she uses cannabis oil to treat her debilitating crohn's disease. her boy was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services. police arrived at banda's home without a warrant but she denied them entry until they returned with a warrant. the boy was pulled out of school and questioned by police without her. banda has a custody hearing monday.
munroe bergdorf, 27, from east london was a boy called ian until the age of 18. she has worked with and modelled for fashion and beauty brands including illamasqua and boy london. began living as a woman at 18 and was offered hormones by her doctor at 25 years old. she now spins records in london's party scene and is a full-time model.
six-month-old seal suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after being struck by a boat or jet-ski. sponge bobby was rescued in november when she was suffering breathing difficulties. she was released back into the wild after being nursed back to health at a wildlife sanctuary. the seal was found dead on a beach off the dorset coast with a broken jaw after being hit by a motorboat or jet ski.
mr miliband will hand scottish mps the power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments. he will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto due to be published tomorrow. critics fear it could lead to snp and labour veering to the left by promising a more generous benefits system.
the drugs were found in a suitcase at nice airport after a flight from the dominican republic. french customs officers questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied he did not smuggle the drugs. the illicit drugs were worth more than €1.3million (£950,000) in street value. officials say the bag did not belong to the tourist.
death row records co-founder complained to judge ronald coen and said he could walk. knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing. knight's lawyer matt fletcher said the chains and the wheelchair were part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
westerners fighting for isis ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones. many believe ultra-violence is the only way for them to rise up the ranks in syria and iraq. many of the thousands of europeans have been shocked to find themselves marginalised. syrian former prisoner reveals foreign fighters are considered little more than cannon fodder by commanders.
laura everley, 36, had experienced bloating, lower back pain, constipation and constipation for three months. she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer after seeing a post on facebook describing all her symptoms. mrs everley had been diagnosed with an aggressive ovarian tumour - and it had spread. she underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries.
yvonne deegan, 77, described investigation as 'absolutely diabolical' and said she was 'perfectly happy' with dr rory lyon's care. her husband bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year after 12-year cancer battle. his death is one of four on the island of alderney being investigated as part of a probe into dr lyons. guernsey police sent ten officers to the island last thursday to raid dr's surgery and a private address.
colleen ann harris was charged in the 1985 shotgun killing of her then-husband, 46-year-old james batten. robert harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013. she was acquitted of killing her second husband three decades earlier.
doaa and umm were smuggled from raqqa, in syria, to southern turkey after leaving al-khansa brigade earlier this year. revealed they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey group's rules. gave 60 lashes to those who tried to flee and 40 lashes to women who didn't wear proper dress. the pair are now living in turkey illegally and are scared they will be discovered by isis fighters.
federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the celebrity infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus. the centers for disease control and prevention said there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 crew members. the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13. the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up.
toronto police officer luke watson dyed his hair hot pink in support of canada's day of pink event. officer ryan willmer volunteered his fellow officer to dye his blonde hair pink to protest against bullying. the annual event is aimed at raising awareness and understanding about the lgbt community.
kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on instagram. protects her skin with £65 creme de la mer protecting fluid and uses glossier rose water mist. also uses nars face wash and black clarisonic mia sonic skin cleansing system. calls on anastasia soare to groom her brows.
gavin thorman, 36, of caernarfon, gwynedd, operated his drug empire from hmp altcourse in welsh. father-of-four boasted he would make'millions' when he got out of jail. he planned to spend his money on new teeth, liposuction, ab implants and a facelift. drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were seized by police during five-year investigation. gang leader was caught out speaking about illegal operation while in prison for assault. he was jailed for 12 years after admitting conspiracy to supply cocaine and cannabis.
blake cronkhite, 5, and jayden secrest, 3, were riding a kid-size 50cc atv in northern california when the 5-year-old lost control of the vehicle and it plunged into a pond. blake's father jumped into the water and pulled the children to shore but could not revive them. both boys were airlifted to a hospital but died from their injuries.
alexander kutner was on holiday at ulusaba, sir richard branson's private game reserve in south africa's sabi sands. he came face to face with three rhinos and documented the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a leopard.
the 54-year-old actress was speaking in the latest issue of marie claire's career-oriented supplement @work. julia stars as fictional us president selina meyer in the newest season of hbo's political comedy veep. she revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the show was inspired by presidential candidate hillary clinton.
kentucky senator rand paul announced this morning that he would run for president in 2016. his campaign store has expanded to include macbook skins,'stand with rand' blankets, 'nsa spy cam blockers' and 'rand on a stick' items. paul's supporters can also purchase branded versions of cornhall, cornhole and cornhall bean bag toss games. the freshman senator announced his entry into the presidential race this morning.
duke and duchess of cambridge have moved back to london palace to prepare for birth of second child. royal couple spent the weekend at kate's family home in berkshire. prince william has completed his air ambulance pilot training 'earlier than expected' and will be off until june 1. prince harry will be back in the uk to watch the london marathon on sunday and meet his new niece or nephew.
alan rogers, 73, smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather fred hatch in the communal garden of their sheltered housing complex. rogers told police he wrongly believed his neighbour was involved in witchcraft. mr hatch's wife enid found rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband in their communal garden. he then calmly called the police and told them he had killed his neighbour with a claw hammer. today rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter at cardiff crown court and is due to be sentenced.
the statue of cecil rhodes is set to be removed from the university of cape town. it follows weeks of protests over the symbolism of the statue. the university's council heard black students felt uncomfortable with the bronze sculpture. white afrikaner solidarity groups are protesting over the decision. the statue has been vandalised and covered in plastic bags in recent weeks.
police were called to a reported break in at a house in hagerstown, maryland. officers used a taser on a black man who was staggering around outside the home. the man was said to be under the influence of drugs and was pronounced dead at a local hospital. police identified the man as darrell lawrence brown, 31, of upper marlboro. he was black and all five officers involved are white. police have asked the washington county sheriff's office to investigate the incident.
the optimal case was designed by israel-based amited. it was designed to warn you when your phone is getting too hot and cool it down. optimal is fitted with temperature sensors, resistance coils and two built-in micro-fans. sensors monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot, optimal will cool the device using fans. the case can also be used to heat a phone using resistance coils if it is too cold. optimal will be available for pre-order for apple, nexus and nexus nexus phones.
charllene mess, 48, was arrested on monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old douglas mess, was found dead at their farm in attica, new york. his body was found buried in a mound of manure at the back of the 300-acre farm. she has been charged with second-degree murder.
bridget klecker, 42, died on friday after being struck by a car fleeing police in san francisco. police tried to stop the suspects' stolen toyota corolla after it committed a series of armed robberies in the city. the car sped off and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her. the suspects are still at large and the car was later found abandoned. police identified the woman as bridget klecker and another pedestrian who was injured in the chase.
victoria wasteney, 38, was a senior occupational therapist at a secure psychiatric hospital in east london. her muslim colleague enya nawaz accused her of trying to convert her to christianity. she offered to pray for her and invited her to church events. was suspended for nine months after being branded a'religious nutcase'   she was given a written warning for misconduct and suspended from her job at the nhs foundation trust. her lawyers have now launched an appeal against the employment tribunal, claiming it violated her freedom of conscience and religion.
police in ragusa, sicilian port town, arrested three syrian men attempting to smuggle migrants to europe. turkish-flagged yacht was stopped as it approached the italian coast with 23 children on board. it is thought the crew charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the journey. police estimated the illegal cargo was worth £536,000 - or $800,000 to the organisers.
richard lapointe confessed to raping, strangling and stabbing 88-year-old bernice martin at her manchester apartment in 1989 and was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole. last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail. he later described his release as 'wonderful' and said he'd always dreamed of going home.
tim tebow will sign as a quarterback with the philadelphia eagles on monday. he will join the team just in time for the start of the off-season program. tebow's last regular-season nfl game was with the new york jets in 2012. he was released in 2013 and spent last year as a college gridiron television commentator. he spent the last two seasons training with throwing coach tom house, who also worked with new england patriots quarterback tom brady.
matthew halliday, the owner of the bradford brewing company, said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's brewfactory bar. george galloway took offence after the firm asked him if he was'still a thing'   the respect party parliamentary candidate for bradsford west seemed to take offence at the question. mr galloway, who doesn't drink, responded to the beer makers, saying: 'what does that mean?'
actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead return for a second series of for the love of cars. the channel 4 programme celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars. series two sees the pair work on a number of foreign-manufactured cars.
gold and silver bullion was loaded onto the hms ulster queen in 1942 and was being transferred to the u.s. as payment for weapons. but the case of precious metals was lost overboard in the river clyde. it was to pay the americans for arms shipped to russia during the war. a secret diary kept by one of the engineers on the ferry was the only evidence of the blunder.
senior tory said nigel farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with him. david cameron has urged ukip supporters to 'come home' to the conservatives. but he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on eurosceptic party. education secretary nicky morgan said she would quit the cabinet if the tories entered a power-sharing deal with farage.
dr teresa belton believes there are simple things we can do to increase happiness. author of happier people healthier planet, dr belton, says they are all free. simple acts such as straightening posture and joining a community choir can increase wellbeing. she says people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives.
new celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like emma stone and margot robie. ashley says the latest anti aging treatment is the nefertiti lift for jowls. she says it is designed to firm up the jaw line and help with wrinkles.   she says a lower face rejuvenation can also be done without surgery.
40 tourists were fooled into thinking they were visiting costa rica's famous port town golfito. but in fact they were in the amazon rainforest. the ecuadorian government and ambassador to ecuador complained to the authorities. ecuador issued an apology and took the video of the prank down. the stunt was executed by the ecuadorean airline tame, ecuador's tourism ministry and ministry of transport.
sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum, one of the world's richest men, plans to build six-storey car park. he has 114 cars that he wants to park at battersea heliport by the river thames. car park will have two basement floors and six storeys above ground for his fleet. neighbours are opposed to the plans and say road will be spoilt by 120 cars a day.
ben powers played the character of thelma's husband keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. he died april 6 at the age of 64 at his new bedford, massachusetts home. his family has not revealed the cause of his death.
new tool downloads a search history of every google search you ever made while logged into a google account. users can download entire search archive, or delete part, or all, of the record. exports searches to google drive in a zip archive, with files divided by year and quarter.
samantha fleming, 23, went missing from her home in anderson, indiana, on april 5. her body was found wrapped in plastic and doused in bleach at a house in gary, 180 miles away. police believe a woman pretending to be a social worker lured her to gary and convinced her to take her baby. fleming recently gave birth to a daughter, serenity, and lives with her boyfriend. the baby was found safe and in the custody of the suspect's sister. the suspect is now in police custody at a texas hospital.
for a few hundred dollars, diy brain stimulation kits for children can be purchased online. online advertisements promise immediate results, but have not made the potential side effects clear. experts warn parents against using it on their children. the devices are being sold online for as little as $55 us and can be delivered to your door.
left-wing, buenos aires-based tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 labour parliamentary candidates. it also designed websites of harriet harman, andy burnham and tristram hunt. tory mps claimed labour’s argentinian link was an ‘embarrassment’ for miliband.
matt andersson, president of chicago-based indigo aerospace, says any number of causes could have caused the crash. says passenger planes do not have the same level of protection as military jets. says public should reserve final judgment until investigators have completed their enquiries. crash in the alps has been blamed on co-pilot andreas lubitz, 28, who locked himself in the cockpit and deliberately crashed the jet.
amanda casey was married to michael wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him. michael was found guilty of first-degree murder in january for the 2012 murder of his third wife, shelby wilkie. he was sentenced to life in prison with no parole for the murder of shelby. casey has opened up about the abuse she faced at the hands of michael. she said he became controlling and physically abusive and attacked her when she was pregnant with their daughter. the couple divorced in 2008 and casey later remarried.
homaro cantu, 38, was found hanging inside crooked fork brewery, the new restaurant he was planning to open with his business partner. cantu was found dead tuesday from an apparent suicide. a month before his death, he was hit with a lawsuit from an former investor in moto and failed restaurant ing, who accused him of commingling moto's funds to keep his other businesses afloat. the married father-of-two was found homeless and homeless before starting his own restaurant, moto, in 2003. he leaves behind his wife katie mcgowan and two daughters.
abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his black volkswagen passat on tuesday morning. the 48-year-old was found dead in wembley, north west london. he was an outspoken critic of the assad regime and was described as 'the most peaceful man'   man, 46, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and is being questioned at central london police station.
beautician chernae noonan founded eyebrow shaping business the brow bar in 2003. she has blocked benefit cosmetics from using the term 'brow bar' exclusively. the cosmetic giant applied to trademark the phrase in australia in 2011. benefit is owned by louis vuitton moet hennessy, which is run by world's 13th richest billionaire bernard arnault.
david cameron and wife samantha said stresses of looking after son pushed relationship close to 'breaking point' ivan was born with ohtahara syndrome, a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair. he died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epileptic fits. mr cameron said they were 'falling apart' with the pressure of caring for their son ivan. ivan's mother samantha cameron spoke of the 'nightmare' of learning of his condition.
nidal hasan opened fire on november 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in killeen, texas. authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘workplace violence’ but it has since been acknowledged that attack was act of terrorism . earlier this year, it was ruled that victims will be honored with purple heart medals. but one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after military rejected his claims that his injuries were in the line of duty. staff sergeant shawn manning was shot six times during the fort hood attack.
michael kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by kentucky state police on monday evening after police say he was found under the influence while riding a horse. he dismounted and ran away wearing only a hat, jeans and boots. police launched a manhunt for him and found him on horseback. he resisted arrest and refused to take a sobriety test. he is currently on probation for a prior conviction for burglary.
jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago and needed $80,000 for surgery. jackson's girlfriend jahnae jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for her boyfriend. the 18-year-old has been paralysed and unable to dress himself. for the past week jackson and his family and friends have been desperately fundraising to raise the money for his life-saving surgery. the community of casino in northern nsw have raised over $80k from community generosity for the surgery. dr charlie teo is the only surgeon in sydney willing to perform the risky surgery on wednesday.
the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old leelah alcorn. the transgender teen committed suicide in december and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy. the petition currently has over 120,000 signatures.
the film is titled 'battle for sevastopol' in russia but 'indestructible' across the border in ukraine . co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived. about female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 nazi troops. lyudmila pavlichenko was said to have killed 309 nazis in less than a year during world war two.
evansville in comanche county, kansas, was home to a post office, a grocery store and even a school house in the 1870s and 80s. but now, evansville is a shadow of its former self, with its commissary building in a state of disrepair. it previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in kansas's history, the comanche pool. four ranchers moved to the area and set up an enormous ranch, dubbed the comanches pool, in the late 1870s. however, the ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher larry 'dee' scherich and his wife, phyllis
'child 44', starring gary oldman and tom hardy, was due to premiere in russia today. film tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the stalin era. russia's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated victory over nazi germany. culture minister vladimir medinsky condemned the film for its depiction of the horrors of the regime.
dr adam cobb was taken into custody on friday in portsmouth, new hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography. the 45-year-old was working as a director at the us naval war college in rhode island. he faces 20 years' jail in the us if convicted. cobb had worked for the federal government, the raaf and governor-general sir peter cosgrove in east timor.
the post and courier newspaper of charleston, south carolina has a staff of just 80 and a daily circulation of 85,000. it won the prize for journalism for its coverage of domestic violence and the ebola outbreak. it is the first time in five years that the prize has gone to a small newspaper. the st. louis post-dispatch and new york times both won prizes for photography for their coverage of the ferguson riots.
gerald whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife april and their two young children at 9.30pm last thursday. the scene was from risque stars network show 'outlander'   the sex scene was screened in front of the couple's 6-year-old twins. kfc has since apologized and pledged to ensure certain channels will no longer be accessed.
dr george hamilton, the chief apostle of the w.o.r.d. ministries, spoke at walter scott's funeral in south carolina. he said officer michael slager's death was'motivated by racial discrimination' and called him a 'disgrace'   hundreds of mourners attended the service for scott, 50, a father of four, who was shot dead by slager last week.
lifeboats and helicopters scrambled after plane reported missing around 30 miles east of oban this afternoon. plane was travelling from central scotland to tiree when it lost contact with ground control. two people were thought to have been on board the light aircraft. the bodies of two people have been discovered amid the wreckage in argyll.
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones a year ago. he asked to decorate the protective mask that holds him still during radiotherapy treatment. he was told he is cancer-free after battling an aggressive form of the disease for a year. harley was diagnosed after complaining of a stomach pain. the five-year-old was given the all clear after being diagnosed with neuroblastoma.
david and victoria beckham want to install air-con in five rooms at the £31.5 million west london home. one neighbour was furious with the proposals, claiming it 'will affect the historic character of the victorian house of the streets'   royal borough of kensington and chelsea council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions. the couple bought the grand property in holland park for £31million in 2013.
director of public prosecutions alison saunders forced into humiliating climbdown. she abandoned the trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials. three sun journalists and one daily mirror reporter had their cases dropped today.   cps threw in the towel on nine other cases, including fresh prosecutions and retrials. of the 27 journalists charged, 23 have been cleared or had convictions quashed.
people in charleston, south carolina, have said the shooting of unarmed black driver walter scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police. michael slager, the officer who shot scott, had little in his file to suggest excessive force. slager is being held without bond on a murder charge after shooting scott during a traffic stop for a broken tail light.
new instagram account hot dudes with dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs. account was started by writer kaylin pound and relies on submissions via direct messages. now boasting 148,000 followers, the account has amassed hundreds of thousands of followers in just a month. the account is dedicated to finding and posting images of the hottest men with their dogs.
mrs clinton is linked to a poor mining family in the welsh valleys of south wales. us genealogy expert megan smolenyak traced her roots to a mining family from ystradyfodwg. her great-grandmother was born in poverty and emigrated to america with her family. hannah jones and hugh rodham eloped to wed in binghampton, new york. the former first lady has previously spoken of her british ancestry.
mackenzi sue-rose miller, 21, was charged with driving under the influence manslaughter and dui while causing injury. her blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110, while the legal driving limit in florida is 0.08. trinity bachmann, 13, was killed on february 28 after she was struck by miller's car. she was sitting in the middle of the road arguing with her mother, janice pedroza, 36, when she was killed. miller and her mother were on their way home from a local fair when she allegedly struck trinity with her car. police said miller reeked of
julio 'wemo' acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident in brooklyn. he killed nachman and raizel glauber, 21, and their unborn child in 2013. the bmw driver was said to be going 70mph, twice the speed limit, when he ran into the hasidic jewish couple. he was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison on monday after being convicted of the deaths in february.    the driver has a long rap sheet including previous convictions for manslaughter as well as gun and drug offences.
martin and jessica castillo, from nuevo laredo, mexico, lost their wedding ring while they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in february 2013. daniel roark, 22, discovered the ring in september 2014, more than a year after it was lost. the couple had all but given up hope of finding it after mr roark started a facebook campaign to reunite them with the ring. in honor of the lucky reunion, the couple renewed their vows - and invited daniel to play a role in their vow renewal ceremony.
bobby brown performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the soul food festival in los angeles on saturday night. it was his first public appearance since bobbi kristina fell into a coma on january 31. he appeared close to tears as he spoke about his daughter's battle for her life. the former boy bander was promoting his new bbq sauces.
ronald anderson, 48, was previously convicted of manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend. the census bureau guard who was shot, lawrence buckner, 59, died at a hospital in cheverly, maryland. anderson turned 48 the same day as the shooting. he was charged with armed kidnapping and assault on a police officer.
shamima begum and amira abase, 15, and kadiza sultana, 16, fled uk for syria last february. they are believed to be training with notorious all-woman police force al-khansa brigade in raqqa, syria. girls forged social media links with three of the british leaders of the terror group's notorious police force. group has been accused of doling out savage beatings and spying on citizens. has said children as young as nine should be married and women should obey men - who are their masters.
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster's methodist central hall as he rounded on audience for being too left wing. mr farage insisted he did not 'lose my rag' and said he was 'calm' about his protest.    he was angered by the hostile reaction to his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration. independent pollsters icm was hired by the bbc to select the audience of 250 people. firm today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'   firm says it was selected from a 20-mile radius of the venue in westminster.
alex salmond said labour leader would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with the scottish nationalists in the event of hung parliament. former snp leader said mr miliband was 'foolish' to rule out a coalition. he said all parties would have to face up to the 'electorate's judgment' after the election. comes after nicola sturgeon warned miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed david cameron back into downing street.
holly, 34, and davina, 47, star in new campaign for garnier nutrisse. it celebrates finding their perfect hair shade with garnier. holly has designed a range of vintage-inspired clothes for babies with bhs. recently renewed wedding vows with husband matthew robertson in las vegas.
rosannah gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in december last year. the seven kilogram tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs. she was misdiagnosed with scoliosis when she was three months old. rosannah had four rounds of chemotherapy which failed to shrink the tumour. her family is now seeking treatment for her in the united states.
yogita, five, and anisha, three, and brother harsh, 18 months, are among the world's heaviest children. they weigh 5st 5lbs (34kg), 2st 5lb (15kg) and 7st 8lbs (48kg)    father rameshbhai nandwana, 34, of gurjarat, india, plans to sell his kidney to earn money to pay for treatment for his children. he earns just £35 a month and spends £110 a month on food for his three morbidly-obese children. the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month.
tunisian skipper mohammed ali malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil 24 hours after his boat capsized. he was charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration. malek was forced to watch bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the italian coastguard ship for burial. prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the boat into a merchant ship.
lib dems are up three points to 12 per cent, equal with ukip in comres poll for daily mail and itv news. it is the first time since late 2013 that the lib dem party has failed to outpoll ukips in the polls. tories still have 34 per cent of voters compared to ed miliband's labour on 33 per cent. but david cameron's conservative lead has slipped slightly since the start of the campaign.
text message was intended for a senior aide to george osborne but accidentally sent to a newspaper. believed to mean minimum wage earners would be exempt from paying any income tax. labour's ed miliband has pledged to raise minimum wage to £8 an hour by 2019.
frankie ruttledge, 24, weighed 18 stone 7lbs and was a size 28 bridesmaid three times. she has now lost six stone and is a size 10/12 and is planning to walk down the aisle as a bride. frankie was a 'fat bridemaid' three times and weighed a size 22. she was spurred on to lose the weight by an aunt who was'shocked' at her size. she dropped to 12 stone in less than two years and is now planning to marry her fiance luke haynes, 24.
sienna miller is a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies. the actress also works with a personal trainer and jogging around her local park. she says she's 'not a gym person' but does power-walking and using light weights.
the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york, far north queensland, as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn. it appears to be a cloud formation that draws uncanny similarities to an aussie digger in a slouch hat. the image was taken two weeks before the 100th anniversary of gallipoli. this comes as travellers heading to anzac day events overseas have been urged to heed safety warnings.
dana marie mckinnon, 24, has been charged with dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide in the death of 42-year-old orlando businessman vihn vo on may 18, 2013. she was a college student at university of central florida when she lost control of her 2008 mitsubishi eclipse and slammed into the vehicle of the defense contractor. the man was pronounced dead at the scene.    tests showed her blood-alcohol level at the time was more than twice the legal limit.
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by labour leader. he has helped refine ed miliband’s message about tackling the cost of living. but he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk and pays no tax in britain on reported £300,000 salary.
19 women and five men were chosen to serve as jurors in the death penalty trial of aurora theater shooter james holmes. holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the july 2012 attack at a century movie theater in aurora, colorado. jurors will decide whether he was legally insane at the time of the shooting.
a lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss. eating protein with every meal is vital to strong, healthy hair, as hair consists of protein. research found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements. but experts say there is no strong evidence to support many supplements.
the northern territory’s chief minister adam giles and minister for children and families john elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs. on monday night, 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 people threw rocks at police. parents will also be fined $298 if their children are found on the streets during school hours.
rob macfarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his tower crane after it climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder. the tiny critter is known as 'little mac' and was photographed on thursday morning. the racoon climbed to the ground and 'found somewhere to sleep all day'   the crane operator has seen raccoons on his crane before and has found 'evidence' of their presence.
rebecca exton-russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands. she was secretly'repulsed' by her body and weighed 14 stone. checked into military-style fitness camp and lost three stone in two months. dropped from 14 stone to just below 12 stone and a dress size 12.
cousins karen and colin cosheril were patients of alderney family doctor dr rory lyons when they died. karen, 52, died in january of pneumonia, colin, 63, died of heart failure in may last year. dr lyons was suspended by the medical practitioners tribunal service and his surgery raided following four deaths 'of concern'
abdulkadir zeyat, 45, his wife antika, and six of their children were found dead at their home in turkish village. kemal, 19, returned home from work to find his parents and six younger siblings dead. authorities believe the family died of suspected food poisoning or exposure to poisonous gas from a gas cylinder. the only survivor was kemal's father, who was also found dead and is now receiving counselling.
leanna norris, 25, of auburn,  plied two-year-old loh grenada with benedryl then covered her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket. body was found in the front seat of her car in stetson, maine, on june 24, 2013. norris admitted killing her daughter and tried to commit suicide after she was found guilty. court heard she committed murder to stop her ex-boyfriend, the father of her child, dating other women.
sally white, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water . his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days. miller was rescued by the rspca three years ago and has become inseparable. when sally married surveyor mark white. 30, she wanted the horse to play a part in her wedding celebrations.
larry mcelroy, 54, accidentally shot his 74-year-old mother-in-law carol johnson in the back on sunday night. he was trying to kill an armadillo in his backyard in leesburg, georgia. the bullet ricocheted off the animal's shell and struck johnson. she was taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
dino maglio has been sentenced to six and a half years in prison for raping a 16-year-old girl. the former italian police officer was found guilty of drugging and raping the girl. maglio spiked a drink of baileys liqueur the girl was drinking at his home with a tranquilliser pill. he claimed sex with the girl, who was under-age at the time, was consensual but admitted he was'stupid'   maglio was ordered to pay €60,000 ($83,000) to the victim and her mother.
ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses. group has a list of over 100 well-known hotels to be avoided. group claims resorts are directly or indirectly linked to abuses.    the group has colour-coded the hotels into three categories: 'low risk', 'orange' and 'green'
supermarket was alerted to possible fault in packs of little angels 2 newborns 0+ months dummies. a customer complained that the teat had detached from the hard casing of the dummy. asda has recalled the dummies after a customer complaint over a possible choking risk. it is the second time in two years that the supermarket has issued a recall over a dummy. the little angels cherry soother was recalled after one came apart in a baby's mouth in january 2013.
lizzy hawker entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc on a whim. she's since gone on to become britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’    she's come first in the utmb five times, taking gold in the world championships. hawker's inspirational memoir is a short story about a long run.
michelle obama made a special appearance on live! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday. the first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that eldest daughter malia is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own. although malia receives protection from the secret service, mrs. obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the whitehouse grounds. she also jokingly dismissed a time magazine article which named malia and sister sasha as influential teens.
the #thisdoesn'tmeanyes movement aims to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it'   a photographer captured 2,000 pictures of 200 women in london as part of the campaign. the initiative was created by rape crisis london to show that no matter what a woman wears they are not asking to be raped.
former northern territory politician matthew gardiner has been detained at darwin airport after returning from syria. in january the senior nt labor party figure fled the country with plans to join kurdish militants. the 43-year-old is believed to have been fighting isis in the middle east. gardiner was detained after returning to australia via singapore and sweden.
david cameron will claim ed miliband's economic policies could see 'a million more people joining the dole queues'    he is'really angry' at labour's claim that the conservatives are 'the party for the few, not the many'  britain was singled out as one of the few 'bright spots' in the global economy.   the prime minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks.
the new collagen-laced brew, created by japanese liquor company suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. collagen is a protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture. the beer is currently on available in japan’s northern island of hokkaido.
the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method, which was first practiced in 960 ad. each morning, fishermen in guilin, china, release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp. the stunning images were captured by a russian photographer called viktoriia rogotneva. the men fish on the river li in guiliin each morning with just a bird, a gas lamp and a net.
keukenhof gardens in the netherlands is known as one of the world's most beautiful springtime gardens. cherry blossom blooms can be found in the jerte valley of jerte, jerte and the japan cherry blossoms in kanazawa. the belgian bluebells can be spotted in the hallerbos forest, belgium.
michelle mone, 43, bought the three-bedroom townhouse in park circus area of glasgow for £780,700 after splitting from her ex-husband michael in december 2011. she spent months renovating the property after she split from her husband michael. the ultimo underwear entrepreneur set up the lingerie brand with her husband in 1996, but they split in 2011. ms mone plans to move back into her family home, a five-bedroom mansion in thorntonhall, lanarkshire, after the sale of the property.
gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers. there are more than 700 party houses across the gold coast, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties. new regulations will allow for a crackdown on notorious party houses after years of complaints about boozing and lewd behaviour.
more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at christie’s south kensington. includes a 34-star us flag from the civil war era and 11 restored photos of captain robert scott's expedition to the south pole. the items are expected to fetch up to £30,000 at the auction.
every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display and replaced with 'trinkets and bric-a-brac'   all 62 items - including an indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks - have been placed in storage. even the blood-red walls have been painted white at the queen's norfolk estate.
mohamed soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew former egyptian president mohamed morsi in a 2013 coup. he and 36 others were sentenced to be executed for plotting unrest. soltan moved to egypt in 2012 to be closer to his mother who was receiving cancer treatment. he has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest for more than 14 months. his father was a member of the muslim brotherhood and served in the morsi administration.
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone have finally admitted to having romantic feelings towards each other on tonight's episode of married at first sight. the couples are returning home to celebrate the holidays after their seven-day honeymoon on the hit fyi reality series.
five afghan men were found hidden in the back of a refrigerated lorry on the a40 in gloucestershire. it is believed the men climbed into the truck in belgium before travelling across the channel. police sniffer dogs were used to find the men after officers opened the back doors of the truck. the men are believed to have crossed the channel and entered the uk illegally. they were found a week after illegal camp of migrants was cleared in calais, britain.
police believe missing toddler william tyrell may be alive, despite fears he was abducted by a paedophile ring. the three-year-old's parents have revealed the moment they realised their son was missing. nsw police say the investigation is 'progressing rapidly'    the focus of the investigation has shifted to a new line of inquiry linking the toddler to a group of people suspected of paedophile activity.
unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the milky way galaxy. a white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close. nasa says the unique event happened in a cluster of stars.
natalie bennett said the 'citizens income' would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer. green party leader said leaving nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was'many decades into the future'   she was challenged on the bbc radio 4 today programme about green policy book.
around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in the pyongyang marathon. event only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 after opening to foreigners for the first time. runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos but many flouted the rule. the event was founded in 1981 in the single-party country.
mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney. johanna johnson closed the week with her sirens' call show. we take a look back at the trends and beauty looks of the week. voluminous silhouettes, sheer fabrics and face bling were key trends.
only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's classic hummus. sabra dipping co. said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000'   the company said it has so far not yet received any sickness reports.
heather mack, 19, smiled and laughed as she cradled baby stella - born last month - in a holding cell in bali. she and boyfriend tommy schaefer are accused of the murder of her mother, sheila von wiese-mack, 62. prosecutors have asked judges to jail the couple for 15 years and 18 years for the murder. mack maintains her innocence and says she should not be sent to prison because she is innocent. the couple now face a five-day wait to find out their sentence after judges said they will announce verdict next week. baby was born in hospital last month and mack intends to keep her with her until she
sue sharp, 57, bought leg of lamb from asda in midlothian, scotland, to support fellow farmers. but she was shocked to find a stamp on the meat saying it was from new zealand. asda said it was a one-off and that the lamb was born, reared and slaughtered in the uk.
steven and sarah nick built up the huge arsenal, including a 50-caliber machine gun and a sniper rifle. many of the 30 weapons were legally owned, but couple are accused of stealing more than $50,000. police raided the home of steven nick, 33, and his wife sarah, 32, in michigan. the couple are facing a combined total of 15 felony charges. it is alleged they stole mrs nick's 67-year-old mother's savings to fund the haul.
four out of ten people say prince charles should give up his right to be king so crown passes straight to william. only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne, according to daily mail poll. 55 per cent are against the duchess of cornwall becoming queen if prince of wales succeeds to throne. andrew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table, with only andrew is more disliked than liked.
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction's niall horan's clothes after washing machine broke in georgia. she posted a picture of herself wearing the singer's polo shirt and underwear on twitter. the 20-year-old claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy. horan has been in augusta for the us masters, acting as a caddy for rory mcilroy.
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone. demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east asia at risk. the tyre industry consumes 70 per cent of all natural rubber grown.
nicola sturgeon refused to rule out holding a second independence vote in the next few years. snp leader said she would not call for another plebiscite in snp manifesto for 2016 scottish election. she had earlier said 2014's referendum was a 'once in a generation' event.   she said she wanted scots to vote snp because 'we can make sure labour keeps its promises'   labour leader in scotland, jim murphy, said she was 'offering to make ed miliband prime minister' of a labour government.
william kerr, 53, was released on licence in january after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of maureen comfort. he is believed to have travelled to london after disappearing from approved premises in hull. police say he is'very dangerous' and must return to prison 'as a matter of urgency'
a third of australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions. a recent study of more than 1,000 australian parents found more women are choosing work and'more important things' over their passions. clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert dr paula watkins says its important to create space for the things we love. she says changing work spaces and technology contribute to stress and brain overload.
kevin russ hopped trains, dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south with just his phone and a sleeping bag. russ traveled from california to colorado, making his way through arizona, texas and new mexico. the traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take photographs. he began using the iphone when prints from his digital camera kept getting rejected.
britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars - the most since 2007. boris johnson says ed miliband wants to take the country back to the 1970s. miliband is turning the labour party sharply back to left, he says. they want to recreate the stifling environment of management and unions. johnson: one of the key authors of labour party manifesto is his former adversary ken livingstone.
joe anderson, 56, the mayor of liverpool, claimed £4,500 per year from chesterfield high school, merseyside. tried to justify payments by saying he provided the school with 'kudos' for being linked to him. he tried to sue the school for discrimination after it stopped the payments in 2011. said he was being punished for his 'philosophical belief' in public service. mr anderson is paid an £80,000 salary and has campaigned against austerity.
andreas lubitz, who purposefully crashed germanwings flight 9525, had been treated for psychiatric illness. debate has ensued over whether privacy laws should be less strict for professions with special responsibilities. it has been argued that germany's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy.
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn. mr carroll was due to stand as an independent but died after battle with cancer. he came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 eurovision song contest. electoral commission said he could still potentially win but vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought.
some hospital trusts are charging up to a'shameful' £2,700 for one eye - treble what it costs the health service. 41 hospital trusts in england offered patients the opportunity to pay for cataract surgery. operation usually costs nhs between £800 and £900 per eye, but some trusts charge up to £3,000. more than half of over-65s suffer from cataracts.
the study was conducted by scientists at purdue university in indiana. they were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes. research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes. the authors suggest that runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes and avoid collisions .
university student waheed ahmed, 21, from rochdale, greater manchester, was held at birmingham airport this morning. he was deported by turkish authorities and flown back to the uk on monarch-operated flight. ahmed and eight of his relatives were stopped on the turkish border with syria on april 1. the 21-year-old is the son of labour councillor shakil ahmed who is a member of the council. he and eight family members - including four children - were arrested by police on the border with turkey.
fireman stephen hunt, 38, died after he and a colleague got into difficulties battling a fire started at paul's hair world in manchester's northern quarter on july 13, 2013. the 16-year-old girl was charged with arson after she discarded a cigarette. she was told she will not face trial for arson as she had only been 'careless'    she was originally charged with being reckless but was cleared having been due to stand trial on monday.
farmers and shearers across australia are 'prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry'   the victorian farming federation launched an official complaint to the advertising standards bureau on monday. peta's latest campaign shows vegan guitarist jona weinhofen, holding a severed lamb actually made of foam. many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the'misleading' and 'inaccurate' advert.
lee allan bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 after being attacked by a 10-year-old boy on a reservation in saskatchewan, canada. the boy, identified as l.t., went to his friends claiming he had witnessed a 'big guy' strike lee with a rock and a stick. lee was found dead from severe head injuries four hours after he went missing while in the care of his foster mother. the child had been beaten to death on the evening of august 21, 2013 on a remote reservation. l. t. later admitted to killing lee bonneau and blamed a stranger for the slaying
nbc news chief foreign correspondent richard engel was kidnapped in syria in 2012 and held captive for five days. he was convinced by his captors he was taken by forces related to president bashar-al assad. broadcaster had previously said he was most likely taken by government militants. but analysis of his kidnapping shows they may have been a group of sunni rebels instead. they tried to convince his crew they were shi-ite rebels affiliated to the government. mr engel and his crew were held captive and expecting to be killed for propaganda purposes. nbc said it is now clear they were most likely kidnapped by a criminal gang and released for money.
kai windsor, now 10, from cheltenham, started life as a girl but knew from the age of three he was a boy. he always preferred football to dolls and refused to wear dresses. at nine, he told his mother rachel, 37, he was'really a boy' and is now set to have hormone treatment to curb puberty.
dietrich evans, 22, arrested on suspicion of shooting kay hafford, 28, in the back of the head in road rage attack. she was driving on the freeway in houston, texas, when she honked at another driver. man pulled up next to her and shot her in the head but she was able to pull over and call for help. evans has been charged with aggravated assault after being arrested by police. the church singer has agreed to face her alleged shooter in a police line-up.
irobot has filed a request with the u.s. federal communications commission to use airwaves for its lawnmower. national radio astronomy observatory claims irobot's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes. frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mhz - the same one used by several large telescopes. but the company claims the frequencies iro bot wants to use are the same as those used to detect methanol.
johanna johnson's hollywood-inspired collection, sirens' call, closed fashion week australia 2015 in sydney on thursday night. the collection was inspired by the great gatsby. johnson said she wanted to 'bring a little bit of hollywood' to the city. the designer is set to open a new flagship store in the city next month.
hayley sandiford's seven-stone american bulldog winston has attacked several postmen in blackburn, lancashire. she has been told to get rid of the pet by the end of april or she will lose her home. housing association has ordered her to find a new home for the dog or lose her house. postman terroriser winston must leave her home after 14 month ban on postal deliveries to 60 homes in the area.
lisa skinner, 52, shot the male home invader, thought to be her estranged husband bradley skinner,. 59, after he broke into the house in south huntsville, alabama, armed with a pistol and a large knife. police said mrs skinner armed herself with a shotgun and opened fire at her husband. he was shot in the chest and is believed to have life-threatening injuries. her mother ran to a neighbor's house to call police but when officers arrived on the scene, she was shot by one of the officers. mr skinner had a history of violent outbursts against her husband and had filed for multiple orders of protection against him.
budi - who spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup - was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago. he was rescued by international animal rescue's orangutan rescue centre in indonesia. the 15-month-old orangutans have developed a 'beautiful friendship'   video footage shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit.
new zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when he saw the crocodile with a dead pet dog in its jaws. a video of the croc swimming through a public marina with the dog has been viewed more than half a million times online. the dog belonged to the bike shop owner's dog and was kept in its mouth for hours. the clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot.
directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable. islamic teachings traditionally state followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet. code also states that followers should not speak or read while on the toilet .
some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation. but new measurements show comet 67p's core isn't magnetised. scientists say other forces were responsible for the formation of planets.
two 17-year-old boys arrested on suspicion of preparing to travel to syria to join terrorists. a man, 39, also held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism. all three detained at their homes in coventry, west midlands, during a 6am raid. police say arrests were pre-planned and there was no immediate risk to the public.
sebastian thrun founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars. he said it is 'unimaginable' but 'not as far off' as people think. google has already developed a system to allow robots to download personalities online. but jaron lanier, a virtual reality pioneer, doubted scientists could share personalities.
cate mcgregor was surprised by prime minister tony abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman. it took less than an hour for the liberal leader to call her and tell her 'it was okay'   but she said she is'sad' that he is not a supporter of same-sex marriage. the senior officer spent 40 years in the royal australian air force. she tried to resign from the office of former chief of army when her transformation became public.
hafeez bhatti, 33, and his wife, khalida, 26, were verbally abused by a middle-aged woman on a sydney train. the couple said they will be pressing charges on the woman once she is identified. nsw police sources say a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into the incident. the woman has not been identified. mr bhatta and his family moved from pakistan to australia to be with their baby son. he has faced criticism for not standing up for his wife but said he wanted to show respect.
the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate’s gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition. justice department ruled in the case of transgender inmate ashley diamond. diamond was denied hormone treatment for three years after a lawsuit was filed against georgia department of corrections officials. diamond claims she was sexually assaulted and ridiculed in prison.
dr. nikita levy was fired from john hopkins health system in february 2013 after it was discovered he had secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams. he committed suicide ten days later. attorneys representing more than 8,000 women will receive $32 million in legal fees from a $190million settlement. the money will be divided among patients of dr. levy.
the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west arrived in paris with her parents. she wore a smile as her mother pushed her out of the airport. family of three had arrived after nori was baptised in jerusalem's old city. north was christened on monday at the armenian church st james cathedral.
people walking along somerton beach, southwest of adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on december 1, 1948. a post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body. the mystery of the man's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the advances in dna testing.
new york's 630ft ferris wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time. it will offer stunning views of the manhattan skyline and other new york boroughs. $500million observation wheel will cost an estimated $25 to $30 for a 38-minute ride.
scientists at harvard medical school and massachusetts general hospital have developed a device that clips onto a smartphone. it uses powerful cameras to analyse samples of cancerous cells in combination with tiny beads that bind to them. researchers claim it can asses 100,000 cells from a single image in 45 minutes. they have already tested the device to detect cervical cancer in tissue samples from smear tests. the device could be used to detect other types of cancer and could even be used at home.
former royal navy rescue pilot jerry grayson, 59, was involved in rescuing sailors during the fastnet yacht rescue in 1979. he was the youngest pilot to join the navy and was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen. mr grayson travelled 23,000 miles to find every helicopter he flew in during the 1970s. he found that one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit - a posh camping facility.
nyia parler, 41, is in hospital for undisclosed reasons after allegedly dumping her quadriplegic son, 21, in the woods outside philadelphia. the man was found in a pile of leaves with only a bible and a blanket. parler told relatives that she was visiting her boyfriend john ferguson, who thought other family members were looking after the son. she was charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect but now faces an attempted murder charge. she left her son to visit her boyfriend on monday.
the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in the city's dorchester neighborhood at about 6am. both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. as officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers.
the prime minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon this morning. mr cameron confused devon and cornish ways of eating a cream tea, claiming 'it all tastes the same'   he has spent the day campaigning in devon, where he must win several seats to win a majority.
martin alvarado jr., from cicero, illinois, appeared in court on a first-degree murder charge for the death of 18-month-old edwin eli o'reilly. he was watching the boy at his home when he allegedly became enraged that the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change. he allegedly repeatedly hit the boy and confessed to the attack. he has been ordered to be held without bail.
venessa harris, 12, was diagnosed with bone cancer just months after she won a modelling contest. venessa was the international winner in the tamblyn young model discovery contest. she suffered a fall and her leg started to hurt and doctors diagnosed her with a rare form of bone cancer. she is currently undergoing chemotherapy and is expected to make a full recovery.
liberty baker, 14, was walking to school when robert blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her. he was driving at 44mph in a 30mph zone and was smoking cannabis at the time. mother maureen baker, 45, wanted to walk in front of a car at the scene of her daughter's death. blackwell was jailed for four years at oxford crown court after pleading guilty to manslaughter.
deanna rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two cohen high school students at a quick stop gas station in new orleans. rudison's son, 27-year-old jonathan rudison was with her and allegedly took part in the attack. police say the mother, deanna, was arrested after she turned herself in and was charged with two counts of aggravated battery. she allegedly doused an 18- year-old girl and her friend, 15, with bleach after accusing them of skipping the line at the gas station. the incident took place monday morning at the convenience store.
the teenager from mossley, greater manchester, ordered the deadly toxin off the 'dark web'   he was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack. he pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at manchester youth court earlier this month. but he claimed he was attempting to buy poison because he wanted to commit suicide.
kelsey higley, 22, studies art media at the university of oklahoma in norman. she used 126 different images to create video entitled'manipulation' which shows her body digitally altered according to beauty trends. artist took a photo every seven seconds to create the video.
micha stunz, 45, has permanently enlarged his penis with silicone injections. it is now 9 inches long and weighs up to 9.5lbs (4.3kg)   he uses a satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public. the silicone implants make sex more difficult for him and he cannot get an erection. but he says it makes him more creative in the bedroom.
a man called alex posted a video on youtube asking questions about gay marriage and gay clubs. apple's personal assistant told him of swearing when he asked how to register a gay marriage in england. apple has said the responses to his questions were down to a 'bug'   apple ceo tim cook came out as gay last october.
not one labour candidate listed government spending or the deficit as an important issue. 35 per cent of tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of lib dems and 9% of the snp. ipsos mori interviewed 98 candidates from major parties to find out the biggest issues. the economy and the nhs were the top issues for all parties.
rebecca adlington and husband harry stayed at anantara the palm jumeirah in dubai. she was 28 weeks pregnant when they went on holiday. the hotel is a real family resort with over-the-water bungalows and a pool. she and harry enjoyed a spot of shopping at the famous dubai mall.
prime minister says boris johnson has'suddenly realised' that he is not his 'competition'    mr cameron named home secretary theresa may, chancellor george osborne and london mayor as potential successors. mr johnson is locked in a behind-the-scenes battle with the pm to take over the tory leadership.
dc ciara campbell is accused of spying on her ex-partner pc stuart swarbrick 200 times over a year. court heard she also spied on his new girlfriend 50 times using police computer system. a 'large number' of photographs of his new partner were found on her ipad. detective constable campbell, 43, was an officer at lancaster cid and denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material. court told she was trying to ensure she did not confront her ex or new partner at work.
supermarket giant published a list of healthy tips on its staff website for 314,000 uk workers. employees told to have walking meetings or start running on the spot while at work. it is part of a wider move to smarten up tesco stores in the eyes of consumers.
angela linton wrote the message directed at gay teacher thomas o'brien after a row about a school outing. 47-year-old given community order, told to carry out unpaid work and fined £185 for harassing the victim. linton's son could not afford to go on an outing.
more than 100 young women in calcutta have been rescued from brothels and domestic servitude. duke of york was inspired to form key to freedom charity after visiting indian refuge in 2012. girls taught tailoring and silk printing through charity, which is sold by topshop. it comes as duke was mired in allegations he slept with a'sex slave' in america.
internet companies will have to reveal names, ip addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film dallas buyers club. a federal court ruled on tuesday that internet companies should hand over the names and addresses of those people. internet law experts say it is very difficult to prove who is legally responsible for the downloading. the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats. iinet has warned customers to expect letters threatening legal action if they illegally downloaded the film.
dr zoe waller, 31, teaches pharmacy at the university of east anglia and suffers from the skin condition dermatographia. she draws on her own skin to teach her students about new drugs and molecules. dr waller suffers from a type of urticaria - a raised, itchy rash on the skin. she uploads her designs to social media and they are making waves across the university. she was diagnosed with the condition two years ago and uses it as a teaching aid.
tony orrell, 56, from feltham, middlesex, weighed 38 stone and was too obese to work. his wife debbie, also 56, weighed 18 stone and he was a size xxxxxxxxl. the couple were too busy to cook and would order takeaways. tony lost 21st slimming down from 38st to 17st in three years. the pair have now lost a combined weight of 29 stone and tony goes to zumba every week.
nasa will launch the orion spacecraft using the space launch system in 2018 using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built. 11 small satellites will be used as secondary payloads to the first test flight of the rocket booster. three missions will help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space. near-earth asteroid scout, lunar flashlight and biosentinel will be launched during the test flight.
the block's up market south yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month. listing agents claim the lavish apartments are valued between $1.3 million and $ 1.5 million. the apartments will be auctioned off on april 28 at channel nine. the block's four apartments will open to the public for viewing on the weekend.
uk came 11th in table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance. obesity levels were the main factor pushing the uk down the health rankings. almost one in four of the population is obese and britain was 111th out of 133 countries. living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness, particularly obesity and crime.
more than 200 members of check it, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america, are the subjects of a new independent film. many of the youths have been stabbed and shot at, while others have served time in juvenile prisons. but now, the gang members, aged 14 to 22, are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence in washington dc. they have launched their own clothing label, putting on fashion shows and working as models. formed in 2005 by a group of 'bullied 9th graders', check it now has more than200 members, who live a 'brutal' life.
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in october 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him. the man, luis colon, claimed that rapiekko choked him and threatened to kill him. rapie jko was working for the new york police department at the time and was later accused of using excessive force when he rammed his car into an armed suspect in his police vehicle. the officer is currently being investigated by internal affairs.
woolworths launched 'fresh in our memories' last week in the lead up to anzac day. the online campaign was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting' by social media users. woolworths has been forced to halt the campaign. customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger at the supermarket. a woolworth's spokeswoman confirmed the website has been taken down.
business called edward's snow den has appeared in the us president’s headquarters. bryan seely created the fake listing to demonstrate a flaw in google maps. it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm. it is thought that edward snowden was living in a secret location in russia after his 2013 leaks.
the merfin is a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid. created by professional freediver kazzie mahina, 37, from australia. the product retails at £99 in the uk and is the only stockist. urban outfitters are chasing an adult version of the product to sell in us.
binmen in farnham, surrey, said bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of recycling rules. they left bin full of rubbish even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug. now enraged residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little hitlers' for enforcing rules.
michael owen and kyle careford were killed in the road accident in crowborough, east sussex. michael, 21, was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed. he was travelling in a renault clio with his friend when it crashed into a church wall. both men were killed instantly in the early hours of sunday morning.
nikki thomas' sister jenna was strangled to death by philip packer in a jealous rage in 2008. she never reported his behaviour to police after he bombarded her with calls and texts. now nikki, 27, wants to turn back the clock and tell her sister not to 'put up' with it. she appeared on this morning to promote stalking awareness week to promote her sister's story.
jesse willesee was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4.20pm on monday as part of the 420 campaign. his girlfriend jasmine dinjar has posed in provocative images to promote his campaign to legalise marijuana. jesse is the son of tv veteran terry willesee. he is a conceptual artist and son of the late tv star terry.
president barack obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s. truman, who left office 62 years ago. in his first six years, obama held just seven state dinners and plans at least two more this year. the white house state dinner is the highest diplomatic honour the u.s. reserves for allies and other countries.
two muslim liverpool supporters were pictured praying at half-time at anfield in fa cup match. it was a photograph taken by stephen dodd. liverpool fc is investigating the incident. the men are urging fans to be more restrained in their prayers. it's not the first time a late kick-off has affected the call to prayer.
study uncovered a link between belief in god and other societal characteristics, such as a strong social hierarchy. society with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful deities. the uk is one of the least religious places in the world. scientists suggest that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats.
andy murray will marry long-term girlfriend kim sears at dunblane cathedral next week. the 2013 wimbledon champion has revealed he has left the majority of planning to his fiancee. miss sears, 27, is in charge of colours schemes and flowers for the wedding. murray admits he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day. the tennis star has said he was involved in the cake tasting for the ceremony. the couple will wed at dun blane cathedral and not at his cromlix house hotel.
jon hamm, 44, allegedly set fire to a 21-year-old pledge at the university of texas at austin fraternity and beat him with a paddle and a claw hammer. hamm was charged with assault in connection with the alleged hazing incident in 1990. but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his acting career. the actor and seven other frat brothers allegedly beat the pledge and dragged him by his genitals during a hazing ritual. he was eventually charged with hazing and assault, but the charges were dismissed.
unnamed health worker has returned from west africa with symptoms which could be the deadly ebola virus. the woman is being treated in isolation at canberra hospital. she worked at an ebola treatment clinic in liberia before arriving in australia on april 5. health officials say it's most unlikely she has ebola and her symptoms are a fever and stomach upset. doctors and nurses at the hospital are wearing full protective clothing.
sarah brooke richards, 21, was sentenced to 8 years in prison and sarah adelia graves, 22, was given 5 years for their role in the 2011 murder of 47-year-old james craig anderson. shelbie brookerichards was part of a group of white teens who repeatedly searched mississippi's capital city for black men to assault. anderson died after being beaten and run over by a truck in jackson in june 2011. both women read letters of apology to anderson's family.
katrina maddox, 23, gave birth to baby edward on the way to hospital in the back of an ambulance. her first son reuben, two, was delivered in the same way on the a47 in norfolk two years ago. edward followed in the footsteps of his brother, who was delivered by his father in the ambulance.
britain was sixth from last in a global ranking of 65 countries with only 30 per cent of people calling themselves religious. 53 per cent said they were not religious and 13 per cent are 'convinced atheists'   94 per cent in thailand were the most religious, with armenia, bangladesh and morocco also in top five.
ben cousins, 36, was due to appear at fremantle magistrates court on wednesday morning. the former west coast eagles captain failed to appear. he was charged with reckless driving after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase. cousins has been on bail but his lawyer claimed he had conflicting medical appointments. an arrest warrant has been issued for the disgraced afl premiership player.
the mindfulness for travel series was developed for launch of new airbus a380 service between london and san francisco. british airways tapped mindfulness expert mark coleman to develop series of meditation videos. recommends 'gentle exercising' on board, eating lighter meals and wearing comfortable clothes.
somali-born author ayaan hirsi ali, 45, emigrated to america in 2006 after facing death threats in the netherlands. she has accused fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the u.s.   she is married to british historian and public commentator niall ferguson.
sam reese, 22, recently appeared on channel 4's first dates reality match-making show. he asked his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself. the male model has received death threats over his behaviour on the programme. sam was reportedly seen with hollyoaks star stephanie davis.
culture secretary sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were 'totally unacceptable in british society'   a'misplaced sense of political correctness' prevented police and social workers from properly investigating claims of abuse. his comments come after inquiries into sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by asian men.
london-based children's clothing company trotters has released a new range fit for a prince. range includes boy's t-shirts and romper suits, as well as smocked dresses and cardigans. prince george was photographed wearing their garments and has sold out. the duchess of cambridge is reported to have been wearing a number of their designs.
hilary clinton and husband bill went for a stroll in a park in chappaqua, new york, on saturday afternoon. she's currently on a two-day swing through the granite state. her two'scooby' campaign vans were also hand washed at a local body shop. clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned business.
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions that fail to excite shoppers. experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying. a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion, figures show.
james hannaway, manager of rex cinema in berkhamsted, has banned babies from special screenings. he cancelled regular tuesday baby matinees due to 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law'   he said staff became fed up with clearing away dirty nappies and oversized prams.
mikaeel kular was killed by his mother rosdeep adekoya, who beat him for being sick and left him to die. she hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods after telling police he had wandered off. up to 25 fife council workers looked at confidential social work files belonging to the three-year-old. at least nine workers have been dismissed after looking at documents without permission.
train heading from queens into manhattan was stalled underneath the east river around 8.30am monday morning. more than 500 passengers were taken to manhattan after spending an hour and a half trapped. service on the 7 train was suspended for almost two hours. no injuries were reported after passengers were evacuated from cars in underwater tunnel.
espresso machine is intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy. spacex is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the machine and 4,000 pounds of food, science research and other equipment on monday afternoon. machine was originally intended for astronaut   to get a break from the station's instant coffee. it is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity and can also be used to rehydrate food.
mark allen sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire as a pledge at the university of texas at austin in 1990. he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney in the hazing ritual. today he is a doctor and lawyer in fort worth texas. hamm was one of seven sigma nu brothers who tormented and humiliated sanders. sanders withdrew from the university and sought counselling to cope with the ordeal.
status quo, katherine jenkins and west end star elaine paige will perform at the event. it is part of a three-day commemoration of the end of the second world war. 1940s-themed concert will also include readings from pointless host alexander armstrong and jane horrocks.
jeff dubois of kiro, a washington television reporter, was stung more than 20 times during his live broadcast after a semi-truck overturned on interstate 5 on friday morning. the truck had a load of 448 hives, or about 13.7 million bees. the driver, a 36-year-old man from idaho, was not hurt. beekeepers rushed to save as many of the bees as they could.
her majesty, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony, carltonlima emma. joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry in the beautiful park close to her windsor castle home. the queen never wears a riding helmet preferring to ride in a silk headscarf. has ridden less in recent years as a result of a niggling knee injury.
dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif are back to taking on plastic surgery gone wrong on the second season of the e! reality show botched, which premieres tonight. the duo are the resident experts on the popular series, which is due to begin its second season tonight. dr dubrow said that 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix on this season are 'not found in any textbook'   one of their patients this season, rajee rajindra narinesingh, had her face injected with cement at an underground cosmetic filler party.
melbourne-born, paris-based designer martin grant will refresh the uniforms worn by qantas' domestic and international pilots. the uniforms have not been changed for more than a decade. a key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform. mr grant created new uniforms for cabin crew in 2013, modelled by miranda kerr. the new uniforms are expected to be rolled out next year.
british cyclist sir bradley wiggins took part in the paris-roubaix one-day race for the last time for team sky. cyclists dodged the safety barriers at a level crossing to race through the path of a speeding train. the incident was caught on camera during the final race of the competition. it was sir wiggins' last race with team sky - and he came 18th in the race.
matilda kahl, an art director at saatchi & saatchy, wears the same outfit to work every day for three years. matilda's uniform is made up of 15 identical white silk blouses, black trousers, a white shirt and a custom leather rosette. she says she wants to be judged on her work and her work only.
more than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between february and april. overall illegal downloading of game of thrones is up 45 per cent year-on-year. top country for illegal downloads was brazil, followed by brazil and the uk.
the front row at mercedes-benz fashion week australia were given an eyeful during the st george new generation show. models walked in sheer dresses and pants by marriam seddiq. the raffles international showcase at carriageworks was also awash with racy creations.
walter scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy. he was arrested after deputies responded to a call about a fight between him and another man. no warrant had been issued for scott's arrest when he was shot dead by officer michael slager. scott had already been jailed three times for missing child support payments and was $7,500 behind on his licence.
hsbc was ordered to pay them compensation after banking industry watchdog found it'relied on assumptions, stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age'   bank was criticised for refusing to grant the £250,000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished. the financial ombudsman service found the lender guilty of being ‘unfair’
one is a 61-year-old retired gp and the other a 58- year-old radiographer. both sisters are estranged from their mother, 97, who lives in a care home in buckinghamshire. senior judge denzil lush said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document. she is accused of trying to gain greater control over her mother’s money. the mother, who has dementia, owns a £600,000 house, has savings and shares, and is a widow.
django greenblatt-seay, 33, said he decided to make the video for the 2002 ford taurus, which he is selling for $3,000. he used a drone to film the ad at hummel park in omaha, nebraska. the ad is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 forf taurus commercial. he is hoping to sell the car so he can afford a van.
pippa middleton, 31, and nico jackson, 36, enjoyed a romantic meal at margaux in fulham. the pair shared a kiss as they walked hand-in-hand down the street. miss middleton wore tailored cream blazer, denim jeans and a heart-print top. had been rumoured to be on the verge of a split earlier this year.
jacob hall, from iowa, asked australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, evan. evan, 7, believes the fairy fairy is from australia and believes it is from down under. father-of-three jeff pyrotek, from seymour in victoria, recorded the message for the boy. mr hall invented the ruse for his seven-year-old son when he was late paying up for a tooth. he said evan has not stopped talking about his 'australian tooth fairy' ever since.
sister gertrud tiefenbacher's hands were tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed on her face. her body was found in her bedroom at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo, south africa. police say she was suffocated and was found with a towel over her face . she had lived at the missionary for 60 years after moving from austria.
melvin the giraffe was attacked by an antelope walking in the same enclosure at kristiansand zoo in southern norway. around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack at the zoo on monday. five-year-old giraffe had got his head stuck in the enclosure's fence when he was gored to death. melvin was born at zoo in 2010 and named in a local newspaper competition.
the 49-year-old woman showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs to treat skin cancer. doctors at memorial sloan-kettering cancer center in new york said it was 'one of the most astonishing responses' ever seen. she had a huge tumour underneath her left breast, which had 'dissolved away' after treatment. the patient was treated as part of a clinical trial to test a new drugs combination to treat melanoma. 61 per cent of patients treated with the combination showed significant tumour shrinkage.
sarah wilson complained to mamamia after it published her photograph alongside a story on an eating disorder. the i quit sugar author was pictured alongside paleo chef pete evans and controversial wellness blogger belle gibson. wilson's image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa. she complained to the website and they agreed to remove her image from the article.
xana doyle, 19, was a passenger in the toyota avensis when driver sakhawat ali, 23, crashed the car. driver was more than twice the drink-drive limit and was taking class a and b drugs. ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking. miss doyle suffered a 'blunt head injury' and was pronounced dead at the scene in south wales.
methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in puerto rico, the u.s. environmental protection agency said. the chemical sickened a family of four from wilmington, delaware, last month in the virgin islands. steve esmond and his wife, dr theresa devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill. two teenage boys remain in comas two weeks after being poisoned by the toxic pesticide.
it's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in fresh, unprocessed and raw foods, says nutritionist sarah flower. cooking with fresh ingredients and cooking at home is the best way to get all the nutrients you need. she says the typical western diet is heavily processed and sugar-ridden. healthy fat is a key part of a balanced diet and should be incorporated into every meal.
natalie prescott, 26, was not expected to survive after jumping off appley bridge quarry, wigan, in 2012. her family was told she would lose both of her legs after the dare-devil stunt. she was unable to walk or stand and had to learn to walk again. the mother-of-three says her children have been her inspiration for recovery. natalie is now campaigning to close the quarry after a teenage boy drowned in the same quarry.
mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in vladivostok, east russia. he is one of many bear cubs rescued after illegal hunters kill their mothers. masha the bear cub was flown business class to a new home in siberia. three bear siblings rescued after a hunter killed their mother in omsk.
tittygram and titisign offer to write messages on a woman's cleavage for £4. burger king is one of the first big companies to take advantage of the service. can cost as little as $6, or £4, and can be used as advertising.
sofia vergara's attorney said friday the actress has no intention of destroying the frozen embryos she created with ex nick loeb but has no plans to use them either. loeb filed a lawsuit against her asking a judge to order her not to destroy the embryos. it's been reported that loeb wants to use the embryos to have a child with the modern family star. vergara's attorney told people that the 42-year-old is content to leave the embryos frozen in storage 'indefinitely' and doesn't want to anger her fan base.
iain mackay, 40, bled to death after getting into a row with nilobon patty, 35, at a bar in hua hin, thailand. he was allegedly angry at seeing her talking to another man in separate venue. mr m mackay, from scotland, allegedly kicked a mirror in bar and cut himself. ms patty has been accused of 'indirectly causing his death' but claims she has nothing to do with the incident.
passengers on virgin flight vs44 from las vegas to gatwick described the delay as 'excruciating' and 'an absolute nightmare' 403 passengers were delayed for 33 hours after technical problems with the plane's rudder. some passengers are considering legal action against virgin atlantic. the flight was due to take off from mccarran airport at 4.30pm on easter monday. after being delayed for two hours, the flight finally left at 4am on wednesday.
james freedman, 49, is a one-man pickpocketing show. he teaches people how to steal wallets and watches without noticing. he even takes off someone's tie without them realising. freedman has taught the 'art' to the police and advised the police. he is the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet.
police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles on sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head. the suspect is described as hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie. according to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation . the boy was rushed to ronald reagan ucla medical center where he was listed in critical but stable condition.
alissa sizemore, from vernal, utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and severed her leg in an accident last may. she had to have her right leg amputated below the knee and was fitted with a prosthetic leg. last month, she gave her first solo dance performance since she lost her leg. she performed to colbie caillat's hit try and was given a standing ovation.
the female, named varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of russia to breeding grounds off the coast of mexico, and back. she was nine years old. her return journey across the north pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status. gray whales typically don't feed during migration.
one nation leader pauline hanson said that imposing halal certification on australians was wrong. she said that the public were being 'hoodwinked' over the issue. ms hanson described it as a 'profit, money-making racket'    she said the protests on saturday were about 'criticism, not racism' and that there was no violence at the brisbane rally. it comes after protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in sydney and melbourne.
bali nine ringleaders myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on monday. a jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair's lawyers can challenge president joko widodo's decision to deny clemency. the pair are currently awaiting execution on the death island of nusakambangan. the court previously rejected their legal challenge for cle mency. chan, 31, and sukomaran, 33, are facing execution for their part in the bali nine heroin smuggling bid.
scott kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter mary nunes, now 19, fled new hampshire in 2004 with mother genevieve. they fled after mark nunes was granted custody of mary's daughter in 2004. genevieved refused to hand her daughter over to nunes and took her to colorado. she then took the girl to south america, and was not seen again for a decade. last year, she handed herself in, but refused to give up the location of husband and daughter. on monday, scott and mary gave themselves up at the u.s. embassy in costa rica, and scott was arrested.
social media expert sarah-jane kurtini warns parents about the dangers of oversharing photos of their children on social media. she says it could be dangerous for your child's health and safety.   a recent survey of parents found more than half have shared inappropriate pictures of their child. she advises parents to know their privacy settings and explore private social networks to protect their children's privacy.
chloe owens, 27, from swanley, kent, came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola. she had no idea what to expect after having her first child. the app has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews. chloe struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding.
hollie tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in basildon, essex, when she collapsed in a leisure park. two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave her life-saving cpr. she had collapsed because she had a dangerous level of potassium in her body. doctors said her heart stopped and she was put into an induced coma. she is now recovering at home with her mother denise bennett and is recovering well.
the group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the cia, fbi and dhs on the site pastebin.com. along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be 'nwo stooges,' the post claims to reveal the information of fbi director james comey and dhs director charles johnson, in addition to previous directors. the department of homeland security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected.
lib dem leader said there was a range of reasons why different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off'   but he said none of them were to do with his policy making decisions. mr clegg said going in with the tories meant they would lose 'virulently anti-conservative' voters. public sector workers had left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts. a tory source said: 'this sums nick clegg its everyone's fault but his own'
police have arrested a 21-year-old man in connection with missing student's death. officers found 'human remains' on a farm near milngavie, north of glasgow, last night. remains have not yet been identified but police believe they are those of miss buckley. police sealed off high craigton farm near bearsden and cordoned off land in search for missing nurse. ms buckley, 24, was last seen leaving sanctuary nightclub with a man at 1am on sunday morning. she was carrying a black handbag which was found in a park in the north-east of the city.
david bulman, 55, and his wife lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the ironing. he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face at bristol crown court. managing director left his wife with a black eye and a lump on her head. he was given a 12-month community order after pleading guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip.
more than 200 nigerian schoolgirls remain in captivity a year after the abduction of 276 by boko haram militants. children as young as four are being used as cooks, porters and look-outs for the militants. 1.2m people have been forced to flee their homes as a result of the conflict. many children have been separated from their parents and separated from home.
screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air that are linked to tumour development. israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without invasive procedures. researchers were able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing disease. about 7,000 people develop stomach cancer in the uk each year.
pierre collins, 33, was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of barway edward collins. barway's body was found in the mississippi river on saturday and has been identified as the missing 10-year-old boy. collins' father is a primary suspect in the case and has said he is innocent.    police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows he was in that area of the river at the time he disappeared.
new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours. femail has compiled the top 12 and compiled a list of the top 10 worst examples. 'orgasm', 'abstinence' and'mazen' are among the most popular.
imf's europe chief poul thomsen said negotiations with european creditors are 'not working'    greek government repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if europe refuses to release more funds. no state has ever left the eurozone and there is no official exit process.
johnny depp and amber heard touched down in brisbane, australia, on tuesday morning local time. both were wearing their wedding bands. the couple hadn't been photographed together in public since february 3. people.com claimed they were 'leading separate lives'   amber heard will celebrate her 29th birthday on wednesday.
the former secretary of state stopped at a local bakery in keene, new hampshire on monday to meet with customers. but some staff members in the kitchen refused to be seen with her. clinton's communications director jennifer palmieri defended the practice of bringing in pre-screened partisans to some of her events. 'a few of the staff didn't want to come out to meet hillary' and 'they just don't like her'    palmieri wouldn't rule out the possibility that two of the people clinton spoke with had been asked to come to the event.
jaclyn pfeiffer, 29, and kelly bardier, 33, have been together since october and worked at aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county, florida. the two were fired after the director of the daycare center found out they were in a relationship. the director, barbara twachtman, heard rumors about the two and asked jaclyn whether she was seeing her girlfriend. the women say they were terminated from their jobs at the church-run daycare after she took a job as a substitute teacher.
natasha willard was studying for her a levels when she fell ill with flu four months ago. the 17-year-old was diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain. she came home from a night out and collapsed four days later. miss willard is unable to move her arms and legs and can barely talk or eat. her family have been told by doctors that they do not know if she will make a full recovery.
sir john major said snp leader nicola sturgeon poses a'real and present danger' to the uk. snp would use power in westminster to foster division and further dream of break up of union. he mocked snp over her demand to play a role in propping up a labour government. former prime minister said she is 'not even bothering' to stand as an mp herself.
sir paul mccartney married heather mills at castle leslie in ireland in 2002. but his daughters stella and mary were not happy with their father's choice of partner. picture is the first to emerge of the former beatle and ms mills from their wedding reception. the couple separated in 2006 and went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008.
chloe valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike for days on end by her drug addicted mother ashlee polkinghorne and her partner in 2012.    social workers missed the chance to save chloe, who died of head injuries in adelaide in january 2012. her mother and partner are in jail after pleading guilty to chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect. the coroner has ruled families sa was broken and fundamentally flawed.
martyn uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car by a four-inch deep pothole on a north yorkshire road. experienced cyclist was on a charity cycle ride when he was killed in 2011. police reported the hole to the council a month before his death but they decided it did not need repairing. mr uzell was riding from land's end to john o'groats for macmillan cancer support when he died. his widow kate has now reached an out of court settlement with north y yorkshire county council. but the local authority is refusing to apologise for the state of the road.
scott stephenson was due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man he found collapsed in the street. he found the 22-year-old man dying of hypothermia in south shields, tyne and wear. but instead of calling for help he and friend stole the man's phone and abandoned him. he failed to turn up to a previous court hearing and was re-bailed for sentence. he shouted and swore outside court after he was bailed ahead of his sentencing for the theft.
lib dem leader nick clegg is touring the country in a bright yellow 'fun bus' with a radio studio. aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people. mr clegg has pulled pints, sipped cocktails and tried his hand at ten-pin bowling . he has also flown down a zipwire at a go ape park and visited a hedgehog with a brain injury.
few weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims. weight watchers, the atkins diet, jenny craig and nutrisystem are backed by long-term studies. only a few programmes have shown users lose more weight than those not using them. others produce no better results than people dieting on their own. johns hopkins university researchers reviewed 4,200 studies for evidence of effectiveness.
a spring storm that had doused northern california for the previous 24 hours arrived in southern califcalifornia on tuesday night. the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of northern cal ifornia and coated the mountains in snow. thousands were without power for several hours and the los angeles dodgers had a rare rain delay. the storm brought enough snow to the sierra near lake tahoe to produce near white-out conditions.
mathew sitko, 23, of lewiston, idaho, crashed into a chain-link fence at the edge of a cliff on wednesday. police are looking for the man who pulled him from the car. sitko is recovering in hospital from minor injuries after the crash.
chip giant's ceo brian krzanich showed off the robot spiders at developers forum in china. controlled by a smart wristband containing intel's curie computer the size of a button. he was able to control the spiders with a flick of the wrist. the robots are powered by curie, a tiny computer that can be controlled using hand gestures.
perkins is evens to replace disgraced presenter after flurry of bets placed on her by bookmakers coral. she is ahead of former x-factor presenter dermot o'leary and british model jodie kidd for the role. clarkson was sacked by the bbc after he verbally abused one of the show's producers.
work and pensions secretary said ed miliband was standing on'most left-wing platform since michael foot'    former conservative leader set out a powerful moral case for the party's policies, which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work. called on fellow tories to 'bang the drum' in the next fortnight to champion the government's achievements.
the 34-year-old star of the only way is essex has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for evans. new range includes swing tops and dresses. has gone from selling cards in romford to being face and force behind clothing brand. says collection is all about embracing curves and feeling confident.
lipscomb police chief warren carey was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade when the fight broke out at lipscomb city hall on friday. he was taken to the hospital in an ambulance after refusing to leave his office. mayor mcdade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer.
238m passengers passed through british airports in 2014, a 4.4 per cent rise on 2013. spain remains britons' favourite destination to fly to with more than 34m passengers. germany is more visited than france, italy and france. poland and australia suffer the biggest drop in passengers from the uk.
one in four britons will be from a minority background by 2051, according to leeds university research. baby boom among pakistani, bangladeshi, and african immigrants will see rise in numbers. white british population will increase by three million between 2011 and 2051. but ethnic minority population will rise by 10 million faster.
sophie thomas wore the shirt at clermont northeastern middle school in batavia, ohio, for class photo day. administrators at the school removed word 'feminist' from her shirt with photoshop. school principal said word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies' thomas had worn the shirt to school in the past without any problems.
two teenagers remain in custody following raids in melbourne's south-east. prime minister tony abbott has urged people to continue with their anzac day plans. sevdet besim, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts.    police were tipped off about an imminent attack on anzac day ceremonies.
violet, countess of grantham played by dame maggie smith may be coming back in new american show the gilded age. made by us network nbc, the show will be set among the high society families of new york in the late 19th century.
form was purchased at an ephemera show by delaware rare book dealer ian brabner. it asks a further 19 questions, including ‘do you believe in white supremacy?’ and ‘are you of the white race’   the form was purchased by a collector of rare books and historical manuscripts. it is titled ‘invisible empire’, an alternative name for the racist ku klux klan organisation.
leonardo dicaprio bought the 104-acre blackadore caye, a private island off the coast of belize, in 2005 for $1.75 million. the actor and a business partner plan to build a luxury eco-resort on the island, which is set to open in 2018. the aim of the project is to rehabilitate the ecosystem of the island and help restore the land itself. the wolf of wall street star is known for working on environmental causes.
rachel lynn lehnardt, 35, from evans, georgia, was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes. she was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor after she was arrested on saturday. she allegedly threw a party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends at her home and played naked twister. she then had sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom and woke up to find he was her daughter's boyfriend. she told her alcohol anonymous sponsor about the incident and lost custody of her five children, aged four to 16.
oleg kalashnikov, a former member of the ukrainian parliament, was found dead wednesday evening. he was a former ally of deposed president viktor yanukovych. interior ministry said he died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was homicide or suicide. yansukovych fled in february 2014 after months of protests.
the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi. it beat the previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003. maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track. the technology promises to be smoother, quieter and twice as fast as high-speed rail.
scotland is the most popular wedding destination in the uk, according to a survey by visitscotland. a quarter of all marriages in scotland involve couples from outside of the country. dumfries and galloway, argyll and bute and south ayrshire are the other popular areas. andy murray is set to marry kim sears in dunblane on saturday.
jihadis posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged leaders of hamas-linked group online. isis militants have seized control of up to 90 per cent of the yarmouk camp in south damascus. as many as 2,000 people have fled the camp amid shelling and clashes between militants and government forces. u.n. official describes situation at the camp as 'beyond inhumane'
re reps from comcast and time warner cable plan to meet with us department of justice officials on wednesday. meeting would aim to negotiate concessions related to antitrust concerns over their planned merger. justice department and the federal communications commission remain concerned the combined company would have too much power in the internet broadband market.
jared mccarroll, head chef at m restaurant and grill, says speak to your butcher when you're shopping for a perfect steak. allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking and pay a little extra for the best meat. the best steak should have a fine texture, be well marbled and firm to the touch. cooking times for the perfect steak are based on the thickness and cut of meat.
dove has asked women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average'    83 per cent of australian women said they would describe themselves as average looking. 96% of women around the world say they consider themselves to be average.   but many women who chose 'average', regretted their decision and said it affected their self esteem.
officers investigating rio de janeiro snack bar found boxes containing frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs. canines appeared to have been killed with blows to the head and used for fillings of 'pastels'   owner chinese van ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat and said the animals were strays.
belly mitchell, seven, was born with apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition which causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet. billy was diagnosed with the rare condition at birth and was put on life support. he has undergone more than 50 operations to have his face and skull rebuilt.   billy had a titanium frame drilled into his head to relieve pressure on his brain and save his sight.
mahendra bavishi said detectives have asked to put'sensitive' questions to his british-based son who runs the business. he said robbers almost certainly had some inside information. he described the robbery as a 'tragedy' for his family. police ignored alert from a state of the art alarm in the vault.
being socially isolated can lead to health problems including dementia and high blood pressure. essex and gloucestershire county councils have already drawn up 'loneliness maps' to target 'danger zones' of loneliness. campaign to end loneliness calls on other councils to draw up their own versions.
47-year-old man from warwick, 150km south-west of brisbane, has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences. the man has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states. police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16. he is accused of raping five children and involving 20 more in the making of child pornography. so far 28 victims have been identified from queensland, nsw and victoria.
social services minister scott morrison has announced the end to the religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits. parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child. the changes will come into force from january 1, 2016. currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated.
liana barrientos, 38, of the bronx, pleaded not guilty on friday to two felony charges of running a wife-for-hire immigration scheme. she is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years and charged a fee for her'services'   she allegedly used the emergency exit door at a bronx subway station instead of paying a fare for her trip after leaving court. her first marriage took place in 1999, and she has been married to at least eight men. one of the men she married was deported back to pakistan for making threatening statements against the u.s.    her eighth husband, rashid rajput, was
christine lynn smith, 50, was arrested tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her home in macon, georgia. smith was a former animal shelter worker and charged with 13 counts of animal cruelty. the home had been auctioned off and smith continued to live at the property. police had to air out the home due to the stench of ammonia and found over 1,000 empty beer cans in the home .
a dartmouth college judicial committee has 'derecognized' alpha delta after several pledges received brands on their backsides. it found alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. the 46-year-old greek organization partly inspired the 1978 national lampoon's animal house starring john belushi.
bio security measures are being stepped up at brisbane international airport after exotic mosquitoes were found on three separate occasions. the blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal. aedes aegypti is known to carry crippling diseases like dengue and chikunguya. in february authorities were forced to step up bio security at perth, adelaide and bris brisbane airports after exotic mosquito were found in cargo holds.
wadeheed ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of the extremist group hizb ut-tahrir. he is the son of councillor shakil ahmed who was pictured with ed miliband. ahmed was arrested by turkish police at the border town of reyhanli last week. he was caught trying to cross into syria with four children aged one to 11.
the german woman was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport. three thieves are said to have 'appeared from nowhere' and smashed a rear window of the car. she was on her way to loan some of the jewels to the national museum of modern art in paris. the heist took place in the landy tunnel, notorious for smash-and-grabs.
italian musician andrea furlan was captured on camera standing in front of a river in stony stratford, milton keynes. he was playing a tune while a herd of cows graze in the background. the herd stood rooted to the spot, as if hypnotised by the sound of the didgeridoo.
the minister for communications malcolm turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of gq australia. posing in a suave blue suit and pinstriped shirt. mr turnbull confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for prime minister if tony abbott had been toppled. his appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that he is fishing for votes.
ronald pearson and miriam pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the raf police during the war. married in 1943 and settled in broughton near chester to raise their family. mrs pearson died last month aged 95 and her husband died two days later aged 94. the couple were buried next to each other at a joint funeral at blacon crematorium.
stephanie scott, 26, was due to marry fiancé aaron leeson-woolley in new south wales this saturday. she was last seen at her school in sydney on easter sunday. a man has been charged with her murder despite police not finding her body. friends and family were flying in from around the world to be at her wedding. vincent stanford, 24, was charged with stephanie's murder on thursday. the english and drama teacher was'so in love' with her partner of five years.
labour leader refused to say his deputy would get the second most powerful job if labour wins election. miss harman has said she intends to become deputy prime minister if labour is in power. mr miliband said he was not going to predict what would happen after the election. the snub comes three days after she said she intended to take the role. miss harman has previously criticised gordon brown's refusal to make her deputy pm.
nationwide building society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan. offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today. tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property. surge of'silver landlords' is likely to push up house prices.
university student says her student loan failed to cover the cost of living in london. she turned to sex work after conventional means of earning failed to support her. the woman says she even visited clients at their workplace to earn extra money. she says she was struggling to keep up with course work and was struggling academically. a fifth of students have thought about being involved in the sex industry.
patrick and marianne charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout on a cold november night last year. they sat down in conservatory with a glass of wine and fired up the barbecue. within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes. they laid dead for 16 days before their son found them at home in eastbourne, east sussex. the couple, who had been married for 53 years, died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
jj watt, 6-foot-5 and 289lb, has signed an endorsement deal with reebok. the houston texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed a deal with the shoe company. watt recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles for the texans last season.
ukip leader protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the left-wing standards of the bbc'   outburst came less than half an hour into the event at westminster's central hall in london. mr farage was heckled by members of the audience before david dimbleby intervened. bbc insisted audience had been chosen by independent polling organisation to reflect supporters of all parties.
lillian bustle, a burlesque performer from new jersey, explained in her ted talk that 'fat' is just another word - and doesn't have to be used as an insult. she also calls herself'short' and 'wife'   studies show that the more people are exposed to different body types, the more they like them. lillian hopes exposing her audience to a fuller body will change their perceptions.
perth glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the a-league table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over three seasons. glory have filed with the supreme court of western australia seeking an injunction against the decision. glory exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone. glory will be excluded from the finals after breaching the cap. ffa chief executive david gallop said he expects perth's management to be removed.
california is in its fourth year of severe drought, with two-thirds of the state in 'extreme drought'   almonds are annually consuming 1.07 trillion gallons of water in the state - a fifth more than the entire indoor water usage of all 39 million californians. almond farmers satisfy 84 per cent of the world’s demand for the nut.
error was spotted during a hampshire constabulary training course in hamble near southampton. two officers have decided to continue wearing the tops to 'boost morale' within the force. three tops in total were sent to the force but one member of staff decided to return them.
more than one million people have already booked their slots to see the holy shroud in turin's cathedral. the shroud is believed to be the burial cloth of jesus christ and is on display until june 24, 2015. when the shroud was last on display in 2010 more than two million people visited.
massachusetts senator elizabeth warren said thursday that she doesn't believe convicted boston bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev should be sentenced to death. tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the boston marathon bombings on wednesday. the case will move on to the penalty stage of the trial where the jury will decide whether or not to sentence tsarnaev to life in prison or the death penalty. warren's lead defense attorney, judy clarke, specializes in death penalty cases and has spared several of her clients from execution.
men, women and children boarded a united express flight from kansas city, missouri, to denver, colorado. flight was diverted to colorado springs due to bad weather - and sat on the tarmac for six hours. the 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the airport. but passengers were ordered off the plane anyway and taken to their destination by bus.
louise smith, 38, has been convicted of fraud at the crown and thistle pub near carlisle, cumbria. cctv footage showed her standing over the girl, aged under 10, and pulling two hairs from her head. she complained to staff but smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner. smith was convicted in her absence and is now on the run after being found guilty of fraud.
migrant workers say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working and are forced to use bushes as toilets. some live in shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern spain. they say they have to work around dangerous pesticides - causing some to fall ill. revelations will lead to claims that bitter supermarket price war has led to ruthless exploitation of the vulnerable.
a car carrying a family of four ran off the road into the port of los angeles harbor on thursday night. two children were pulled from the water and were hospitalized in grave condition. one of the children, a 13-year-old boy, died; the other died on friday. the car landed upside down in about 30 feet of water. the family had left a waterfront restaurant when the car plunged into the water.
the marshall county board voted to send a bill for $76,000 to former us rep aaron schock, 33, who resigned last month. the peoria republican is facing calls to pay for the special election to replace him after resigning amid expenses scandal. the four-term congressman is facing a federal investigation into his spending. his office was redecorated in the style of television show downton abbey and has crystal chandeliers and pheasant feathers.
tate ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandmother's boyfriend when their boat capsized in the st johns river. putnam county sheriff's office said he went under water and was not found at shore. the unidentified man with him attempted to save ricks but could not. the boat was hit by a wake from a large boat and capsized. ricks was not wearing a life jacket.
the former head of general electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management. welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education. he is dedicated to taking education in a new direction as executive of the jack welch management institute.
former secretary of state hillary clinton is set to announce her presidential campaign on social media on sunday. the show portrayed her as aggressive and driven, saying 'citizens, you will elect me'   her husband bill clinton was also featured in the skit, urging america to elect her to be her vice president. she is expected to make the announcement via social media.
leah rogers and ryan flanaghan bought a rare purple beanie baby for £10 at a car boot sale in bude, cornwall. the bear was one of just 100 made around the world for the princess of wales memorial trust. the couple are now selling it on ebay, hoping to put the money towards a deposit for a house.
kansas republican gov. sam brownback is likely to sign a new law banning welfare recipients from buying alcohol, tobacco, porn and pornography. welfare recipients will also be banned from buying movie tickets, cruise cruises, lingerie, psychics, tattoo shops, swimming pools and other 'necessities'   brownback's administration has presided over a 60 per cent drop in the number of welfare recipients since he became governor.
names of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale. information commissioner's office and the direct marketing commission are investigating. the mail has exposed companies selling private financial and medical information without proper checks. b2u and pharmacy2u sold details of nhs patients to alchemy direct media. the information commissioner’s office is investigating.
toronto’s cn tower is the third tallest tower in the world and offers sweeping views of toronto and lake ontario. the five fingers viewing platform in austria has a drop of 1,300ft and is one of the world's most popular tourist attractions. visitors can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the tower at the grand canyon in toronto.
raymond charles laing has spent the past three years behind bars after being convicted for drink-driving. he has been convicted 26 times for drink driving, and 31 times for driving while disqualified. laing was jailed for two-and-a-half years after being three times over the legal limit. before his release, laing described himself as 'a danger to the community' but he will walk free on may 15.
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell are teaching masterclass of wellness: the boardroom retreat to ceos and executives across australia. they have more than three decades of life coaching experience. they teach skills and strategies which can be implemented into people's daily lives. the pair are teaching skills to professionals in the banking, business and retail sector.
the bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of phoenix, arizona on thursday afternoon. police believe driss diaeddinn, 50, shot his three brothers and his sister-in-law before taking his own life. his wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, managed to escape the home and call 911. police say the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business.
sen. rand paul launched his presidential campaign tuesday in louisville, kentucky. paul sparred with nbc host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy positions. 'why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me'   paul insisted that when he said in 2007 that iran wasn't a threat to the united states, the world was different and he wasn't yet a senate candidate.
pryce, 62, spent two months in prison for perverting the course of justice for taking ex-husband chris huhne's speeding fines. she has five children but admits she would miss them when away at work. she is said to be 'close' to former mp and convicted fraudster denis macshane. pryce has written a book about life in women's prisons.
dick rothkopf, a former toy company chief, built the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the vail valley. it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 17,000-square-foot home, which has eight bedrooms and eight full bathrooms. the property is just 25 minutes from vail's ski slopes and is on the market for $29.5 million.
taylor alesana of fallbrook, california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender. the 16-year-old described her struggles in a series of videos on her youtube channel. she was bullied at school and did not have the support she needed from her school and adults. the north county lgbtq resource center said she was forced to dress as a boy and was bullied by other students. she is the second transgender teen to die by suicide at the support group since march.
a couple abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in india were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless. australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal. documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind. the foi documents show staff at the    were aware the couple was from new south wales, where it is illegal to enter into international surrogacy.
13-year-old stephanie wanted to send a message to her astronaut father from space. she enlisted the help of car manufacturer hyundai to make the earth drawing. hyundai used 11 sedans to draw the message on the land in nevada’s delamar dry lake. it has now broken a world record for the largest tire track image ever.
police raided the house of john koepke, in wittmann, arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in a filthy mobile home. one of the cats was found nursing a set of three young chihuahua puppies in a box. many of the animals appeared to be suffering with medical problems and are being assessed by vets. the 71-year-old was banned from keeping pets after an animal hoarding case.
louisa steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year. she is a mother to two young children, darcy, 13, and tilda, 2. the mother-of-two needs to raise $100,000 to try a new drug which could save her life. she was diagnosed after she went in for an x-ray on a sore shoulder. the drug costs $6000 a month and is not subsidised on the pharmaceutical benefits scheme. the sydney woman is the first australian to try the drug and her doctors believe it may help her.
kathy ferreiro, 21, has been dubbed 'cuban kim kardashian' by miami fashion crowd. she says her curves are 100 per cent natural and have not been photoshopped. the latina is hoping to be cuba's answer to kim.
shah jahah khan, 62, and ibrahim anderson, 38, accused of setting up a stall on london's oxford street. pair accused of handing out leaflets inviting shoppers to join isis. each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation at westminister magistrates court. anderson and khan are both muslim convert and have pleaded not guilty to terror offences.
michael easy, 29, from southampton, went on the run after attacking a woman at a party in 2013. sparked a nationwide police manhunt and he was jailed for 15 months after being found. easy posed in a platinum wig and dame edna-style glasses while taunting police on facebook. he is now facing four months in jail after breaching a restraining order and assaulting two prison guards.
doug hughes, 61, landed his gyro-copter on the west front lawn of the capitol building on wednesday afternoon. house homeland security panel chairman revealed capitol authorities were prepared to open fire on the florida mailman. hughes claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his stunt. he has been planning his flight for two years and was carrying out a protest to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield, 79, claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. he moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival, but decided to relocate back to new south wales after the tasmanian government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent. he said he came close to a nervous breakdown or suicide. luke martin from the tourism industry council of tasania responded to his comments labelling them 'blatant mistruths'
the former obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department. her shift in position comes just before the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the supreme court on the matter. clinton had brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on sunday that featured a same-sex couple planning a wedding. a spokesperson for clinton said through a spokesperson she believes it should be a 'constitutional right'    the shift puts clinton's views in line with the obamas' justice department, which in january 'committed to ensuring that the benefits of marriage are available' to all americans.
t todd larson, 55, said a chunk of ice fell from a plan smashing through the windshield of his dodge challenger parked at his taylorsville, utah home on march 25. he said the faa did an investigation and found an a1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home. mr larson said the ice chunk missed going through his roof by inches. he has already paid the $4,000 in repairs and wants delta airlines to admit to the incident.
italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday to celebrate the arrival of the spacex dragon spacecraft. together with nasa astronaut terry virts she captured the spacecraft.    italian astronaut   was wearing the uniform, which was the one that crew wore in the tv show star trek voyager. on board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine. it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth.
the eight-year-old girl who died in a two-car crash in new south wales has been identified as piper. she was in the car with her mother, two brothers, her grandmother and her mother and two brothers. a nine-year old boy remains in a critical condition while the other boy is in a stable condition. the seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage of a holden astra and a ute. glenda milham suffered a fractured neck and daughter, michelle, had broken bones in the accident.
nigel jackson, 59, was arrested after body of wife brenda davidson, 72, was found in garden of his home in portugal. her body was buried in shallow grave at home in alvor, in the algarve, in january. at the time he claimed she had killed herself, but now says she died during a burglary. jackson claims she must have been killed by intruders and buried in garden with their pets. he also admits to moving his mistress into the house as his wife's body lay in the garden.
the money is paid to some 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits. total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what firms pay in corporation tax. charity citizens uk is campaigning for the adoption of the living wage. tesco, asda and sainsbury's accused of relying on benefits to ensure staff earn enough.
the new research, done on fish and mice, could someday lead to pills that could quieten that voice. research focused on pomc neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus that send and receive signals to regulate appetite. when they are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow obese.
the two-bedroom log cabin is made entirely from timber imported from norway. it is based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds, near godshill, in the heart of the new forest. the 76sq ft hideaway comes with permission to live in it all year round. the property is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere. it has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding the cabin and is made from timber.
fka twigs, rihanna and lady gaga have all adopted the septum ring as a fashion trend. the piercing was a coming-of-age ritual for some north american tribes. it is also used as a way of controlling and handling bulls. it isn't a new trend.
the unemployment rate for college graduates grew by 1.5per cent in 2014, despite president obama's promise to reverse the trend. the number of jobless americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year. michigan state university found that hiring of graduates will rise 16per cent this year.
lib dem leader nick clegg wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. lib dem leader wants repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online. officials stressed people would not be forced to use the service and insisted it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks.
solomon bygraves, 29, was jailed for 30 months after admitting robbing 93-year-old stanley evans. he knocked the pensioner to the ground and took his wallet at the entrance to his flat in central london. mr evans was left lying on the ground for ten minutes after the attack. in a victim impact statement, he told the court that he wanted his attacker locked up for a 'long time'    the homeless man has 21 convictions for 49 offences and has a history of drug misuse and mental health issues.
jacob church, 21, and joe tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition at a former bank building in cardiff, cardiff. the vault door shut behind them and they were locked in total darkness. fire crews had to drill through the wall to create a hole for the pair to escape. the pair were fed water through a tube and passed glow sticks and ear plugs. they were trapped in the vault for almost six hours.
shayna hubers, 24, charged with murder in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old ryan poston. police say hubers shot poston six times inside his condominium in highland heights, ohio. hubers claimed she was acting in self-defense after poston allegedly pushed and shoved her, insulted her family and mocked her for being a 'hillbilly from kentucky'   she told police poston was 'vain' and she gave him the 'nose job he wanted' by shooting him in the face.
patricia jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her facebook page. she wrote in a facebook post that gays were behind an 'agenda' to'reengineer western civ into slow extinction'   a letter was sent on friday to faculty and staff members at immaculata high school in somerville saying she has been reinstated.
shane o'byrne and wife jaimie received the fine after they took newborn baby out for first time in 2013. ticket fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat as they got out of the car. chichester district council issued an initial £25 fine but the couple refused to pay it. the row escalated to bailiffs knocking on their door and demanding £400.
the duke of kent, 79, was spotted leaving aberdeen royal infirmary with a walking stick today. queen's cousin was admitted to hospital yesterday after suffering a dislocated hip. he was staying at the queen's private residence in royal deeside, aberdeenshire. duke was taken to hospital on easter monday and spent a night in hospital. buckingham palace said he was'successfully' treated for the injury at the royal family's balmoral estate.
jareret stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews, 36. he was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and mdma at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel in las vegas, nevada, on friday. stoll was booked into the clark county detention center and was released on $5,000 bail. the charges include possession of class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
l loretta reinholdt, 54, and andy wasinger, 46, were on a hired sailboat with a captain two weeks ago when four men boarded the boat with guns and knives and demanded money. the couple and captain were stranded on a remote beach in honduras for four days. they survived on rainwater, peanut butter and cheese and made a tent. the pirates pushed the sailboat to the shoreline of a national park and took all of their money.
the boy, known only as hanghang, was using the old phone as an alarm when it exploded. he was playing with it when it felt hot and blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone. he is expected to need several operations to repair the damage.
two raiders stripped off their tops before attempting to rob an esso petrol station in caterham, surrey. men forced their way into the manager's office looking for cash on hottest day of the year so far. police in surrey have released images of the two men in their 20s and hope the public can help identify them.
leon yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker phillip pama, 28. the father of three allegedly killed his neighbour with one punch after he refused to turn his music down. pama was charged with manslaughter after a row over noise levels in brisbane. mr yeaman was reportedly in his yard making a lot of noise when he was killed.
reverend charles martin king parsons was one of a handful of british army chaplains who helped liberate the camp after liberation in 1945. the images were taken after it was torched to the ground by allied troops. the camp was the final resting place of 50,000 jews, gypsies, homosexuals, nazi opponents and disabled.
lisa mcelroy, a 50-year-old drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted by meredith vieira.    she was tripped up on the $12,500 question and walked away with around $5,000.  the mother of two reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 baring the subject line: 'great article on writing briefs'   when recipients opened the enclosed link, they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act'
fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole at the mary river near pine creek in northern territory. the three-metre crocodile was a fresh water crocodile. it was a type of goanna which is a lizard. the incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught eating dogs and threatening locals in a river.
a baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a geelong house. the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children's hospital in melbourne. the driver allegedly attacked by a man who was inside the home at the time of the crash. the man allegedly hit the driver with a broken fence paling. police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the breakwater house after the driver failed to negotiate a roundabout. a man and a woman in their 20s are in geelong hospital with minor injuries.
bishop robert finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law. he waited six months before notifying police about the reverand shawn ratigan. children's rights advocates are urging pope francis to do more to deal with clergy embroiled in child sex scandals. finn leads the diocese of kansas city-st. joseph in missouri. he pleaded guilty to failing to report a suspected priestly child abuser.
villagers in the small hamlet of cledford, cheshire, had vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners. chesshire east council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting yesterday. it will create a 'transit site' with room for nine gipsy families at the 200-year-old country mansion. the site will be a 'butlins-style' camp for travellers and will be built on the site of a 19th century hall. the hall, which dates back to 1822, was severely damaged by fire and its listing was cancelled.
marc and shanon parker from florida have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired cars and motorbikes. their creations include batman's tumbler and ghostbusters' cadillac. the brothers have turned their hobby into a business and hire out their creations to fans. they also customise cars and bikes for celebrities and royalty.
chicago mayor rahm emanuel defeated cook county commissioner jesus 'chuy' garcia in a runoff election tuesday night. emanuel had 56 per cent of the vote compared to 44 per cent for his opponent . garcia was a former white house chief of staff known for his brusque management style. the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections 20 years ago.
rachel sandridge, 29, from maryland, was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. she had to lose weight to qualify for gastric bypass surgery. her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy. during the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer in her stomach. only two years earlier her father has died from cancer. she is now cancer-free and has dropped her weight from about 430lbs to 288lbs.
kim kardashian and husband kanye west visited armenian church in jerusalem on monday for baby north west's baptism. the family are in the holy land for a private two-day visit. kanye performed a surprise free concert in armenia on sunday night.
more than 20 rural towns in nsw and victoria are renting out their empty properties for $1 a week to attract young families. residents are hoping to attract families with children to boost enrolments at local schools and save the local bus run. the rent-a-farmhouse scheme is a bid to boost the population of rural nsw towns. some of the properties are in need of renovation and need a caretaker to look after them.
aimee west, 24, is said to be in a relationship with major paul draper, a former comrade of the murdered soldier. major draper was a mourner at fusilier rigby's funeral two years ago. miss west was devastated when her husband-to-be was hacked to death in woolwich, south-east london. she has formed a close bond with the 51-year-old army major, who was a friend of lee rigby. his ex-wife, jane, said she was not surprised by his new relationship with miss west.
volunteer fire chief gavin satterfield, 31, and assistant fire chief billy getzendaner, 34, are facing charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling a sexual assault victim to stay quiet. five men from emergency service district 6 volunteer fire department in waxahachie, texas, were charged with aggravated sexual assault. one of the men's girlfriend, 23-year-old brittany leanne parten, is suspected of videoing the attack. the unidentified victim was allegedly sexually assaulted with a chorizo sausage at the department in january.
tragedy: dr. frederic brandt was battling with extreme depression before his suicide on sunday. police report reveals he was found hanged inside his home 10 days before he died. friends claim he was offended by a character on tina fey's new tv show unbreakable kimmy schmidt that bore uncanny similarities to him. the plastic surgeon was found dead at his home in chelsea, new york on easter sunday morning.
agnese klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from celebrity puerto banus haunt aqwa mist on september 6 last year. her older sister gunta has made emotional video appeal for information about her whereabouts. she fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful'    property developer's son westley capper and pal craig porter were summoned to court on monday in nearby marbella on suspicion of illegal detention.
keurig green mountain's single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in us sales. 1/3 of homes in the united states now reportedly feature single-serving coffee machines. the vermont-based company has also made $4.7 billion in revenue. keurig's chief technology officer kevin sullivan has said that single serve coffee has 'found the hidden need'
prime minister to announce annual review of the impact of scottish government's policies on the rest of the uk. new powers for the snp could have a 'big impact' on jobs and income in england and wales. mr cameron risks angering snp and stoking anti-scottish sentiment in rest of uk .
piper kulk, 8, and her brother william, 9, were killed in a head-on crash on the nsw central coast on saturday. the siblings were on their way home from the royal easter show in sydney. their grandmother and mother were also in the car at the time of the accident. all three siblings died within hours of each other in the horrific crash.    the seven people involved in the crash were trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles.
a man stormed the runway at mercedes-benz fashion week australia's opening show at carriageworks in sydney on sunday night. he was a neighbour of the venue and complained about the loud music. the man was escorted from the catwalk by a security guard. he told security that the music was a 'disgrace' and that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community' designer kym ellery was taking her bow. it was the first time gemma ward has walked at fashion week since before her six-year hiatus.
andrew o'clee, 36, was jailed for eight months after his first wife michelle, 39, exposed him as a cheat. she discovered he was married to philippa campbell, 30, after finding out on facebook. a dating profile matching his description has been found on a dating site. he claimed to be 'looking for a relationship' after being caught living a double life.
david cameron, ed miliband, nick clegg and nigel farage have all been seen posing for selfies on the campaign trail. pr tsars have told the tory party to pose for as many selfies as possible during the election campaign. with 23 days to go, the 2015 general election is becoming known as the'selfie election'    mps were told at the start of the campaign to pose  for'selfies' as often as possible to increase exposure on social media.
a loo version of the iron throne was built by a team of hollywood prop makers for youtube show super fan builds. it was installed in the toilet of self-confessed game of thrones geek john giovanazzi's bar in glendale, california. the loo was made using plywood by the team of top hollywood makers for the show.
diana’s final wishes are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to order online. those of winston churchill and george orwell can also be seen at iron mountain facility in birmingham. royal's butler paul burrell was bequeathed £50,000, free of inheritance tax.
cobbles on the road runs alongside the bristol floating harbour and dates back to the 19th century. will be lifted from current place, cut in half and then relaid again to make surface smoother for cyclists. bristol city council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said reaction was 'overwhelmingly' in support.
many were sacked, stripped of savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches. post office asked forensic accountants second sight to investigate horizon it system in 2012. report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures, cyber criminals or human error. former conservative mp james arbuthnot said some subpostmasters were 'dragged through the mud'
ella dawson, a recent graduate of wesleyan university, was diagnosed with genital herpes two years ago. she is sharing her story so that less people with the virus can feel the guilt and shame that comes with it. according to the cdc about 17 per cent of people ages 14-19 have genital herpes.    she says that people who have herpes should not feel 'dirty or wrong' and should be aware that the virus is more common than people think.
a 32-year-old man from central queensland has been charged with torture. on saturday a man was admitted to bundaberg hospital suffering from fractures, head injuries and burns. while in hospital the victim claimed to be suffering from amnesia. police launched their own investigation despite the victim claiming to have amnesia . officers arrested a man from suburban kepnock on charges including grievous bodily harm, deprivation of liberty and torture. the man is due to appear at bundabber magistrates court on monday.
two-year-old zeke celello burst into tears when hillary clinton announced she was running for president. he told his mother erin that the former first lady had stolen his thunder. zeke, who appears to be around two years old, wants to 'play with toys' but decides to run anyway.
former florida state university student erica kinsman claims jameis winston assaulted and raped her at an off-campus apartment in 2012. winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013. the lawsuit seeks damages from the former seminoles quarterback and heisman winner. it was filed two weeks before the nfl draft.
iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said thursday that nothing is final and iran will continue to insist on a complete withdrawal of sanctions. he accused the white house of misleading the world with its claims of what tehran had agreed to in the nuclear talks. he said all sanctions should be lifted at the same time as any final agreement. the u.s. state department repeated its position that sanctions against iran would be removed gradually.
ashley mote, 79, of binsted, hampshire, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences. accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining a money transfer by deception. mote allegedly claimed almost £500,000 in european parliament expenses between 2004 and 2009. some of the money allegedly went towards funding his legal costs after being prosecuted for benefit fraud. he denies 11 offences, including 11 counts of fraud, at london's southwark crown court.
teachers more likely to view black students as troublemakers than white pupils. black students are disproportionately punished for misbehaviour compared to white students. researchers at stanford university examined the views of primary and secondary school teachers in the u.s. found teachers tend to judge black students more harshly and want to discipline them more harshly.
third graders in orange, new jersey, and high school students in the philadelphia student union have written letters wishing mumia abu-jamal well after he was hospitalized last week. the convicted cop killer was taken to hospital last week after collapsing in prison. he was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in orange and another from two different schools. the 60-year-old was hospitalized after he collapsed in the bathroom of a pennsylvania hospital. he is serving a life sentence for the 1981 murder of philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner.
joy webb, 17, took her 80-year-old grandfather james drain to prom on saturday night in albertville, alabama. drain enlisted in the navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the korean war when his own prom happened. joy asked her grandfather to be her date to the end-of-year dance because he never got to attend the dance himself. drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted to serve in the navy.
it's estimated that more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year. groups such as wings of rescue or pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time. states such as california, georgia and south carolina typically have too many dogs in shelters. most pooches sleep in the air and don't get sick.
dominique granier suggested putting on a separate service for roma passengers on route 9 in montpellier. he said the 'unbearable' smell was a'sanitation risk' for everyone on board. but the bus company said to have 'outsourced' part of the route to remove the smell.
l loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier, gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties. to date the video of his circus-like trick has been watched more than 80,000 times.
little girl appears to be around six or seven as she fires machine gun at isis militants. tells man she is'shooting at daesh' in kurdish - but it is unclear what she is shooting at. she tells the man she has killed 400 of the extremists so far, as he encourages her to kill more. video was posted in january, but has only recently emerged. isis are known to use children as fighters, but the kurds have kept their children out of the battle.
eric lee gates and his adult daughter, chalena mae moody, had asked appeals court to overturn a decision for baby to be put in foster care. baby boy was removed from their care four days after he was born in oregon last year. gates, 49, is currently serving a six-month jail sentence for incest charge. the pair have two children together - a third died in utero - and gates was married to another man.
a 160kg man fell down a stormwater drain in sydney's west. it took 15 firefighters, paramedics and police an hour to rescue the man. the man was taken to hospital with injuries to his shoulder and leg. rescue teams were called to meadowbank at 11pm on wednesday.
tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from des moines won drake university's 36th annual beautiful bulldog contest sunday. tank, who enjoys eating snow and watching turtles, will now serve as mascot of this year's drake relays. the tongue-in-cheek beauty pageant is the kickoff event for the university's track meet.
queen margrethe of denmark was celebrating her 75th birthday at the amalienborg palace. joined by her son and heir, crown prince frederik, 46, his wife crown princess mary, 43, and their four children. without her husband prince henrik, 80, who is suffering from flu. the danish royals waved to the crowds from the balcony at the palace.
about 58 of 200-strong audience were conservative or ukip supporters while 102 backed left-leaning parties. bbc refused to disclose political make-up of the audience.    only 36 per cent of audience members with a declared political allegiance were supporters of the tories or ukip.  bbc also refused to reveal how many people complained about its broadcast.
michael shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children within 18 months of his release from prison in pinellas park, florida. he served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys, age six and nine, at a roller rink in 1998. shepard told parents at his apartment complex that he was convicted of sleeping with a preacher's daughter. he has a history of molesting children dating back 20 years.
locals from the island of kudahuvadhoo in the maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of march 8 last year. the island is over 5000 kilometres from the official search area for missing malaysia airlines flight mh370. acoustic scientists refuse to rule out the possibility the plane could have crashed in the indian ocean. locals claim they identified red and blue markings, similar to those of the missing plane, on a large passenger jet.
kat lee's desperate plea on facebook has gone viral as she appeals for witnesses to come forward. her teenage son was assaulted at an adelaide train station on saturday night. he suffered a broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone. ms lee says a group of five attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog. she shared images of her son following surgery for his injuries.
434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards in the first three months of the year. more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time - compared to 353,000 in 2009/10. it is now 89 weeks since hospital a&es met their waiting targets. health secretary jeremy hunt has promised to give nhs chiefs 'whatever they need' after the election.
shaun ingram booked his ford focus st in for a major service and mot at halfords autocentre in plymouth. when he returned to collect it he found mechanic driving it at 57mph in a 30mph zone. dashcam recorded seven hours of footage showing mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car. halfords say the mechanic was a temporary employee at the plymouth branch and has been removed. mr ingram says the footage shows it was a pre-planned thing, not spur of the moment.
when julie creffield was a size 18, she was told she was too fat to run but she completed a marathon. two thirds of women believe they can't run - despite being desperate to be fitter and healthier. she appeared on today's this morning with marathoner nell mcandrew to encourage women to take up running. a this morning poll found 60 per cent of women think they can's run.
yingying dou ran the essay writing site mymaster which charged up to $1000 per assignment. the university of sydney was provided with 40 assignments from the website. but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating. it was claimed dozens of students who paid to have assignments written will not be punished because the university cannot identify them. two students were expelled and eight suspended from university of newcastle last month.
charity bite-back believes as many as one in five chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup. loophole allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if it is for personal consumption. trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club in central london after it boasted of selling the soup. workers say restaurants are either disguising the soup as 'fish fin soup' or offering it to mandarin speaking customers.
emily thornberry opposes right to buy but owns a housing association property worth almost £1million. she and her husband bought it at auction eight years ago. labour mp lost her frontbench job after tweeting picture of house covered in england flags. she lives in a £3million townhouse and has three other homes.
peter mutty was jailed for six months and 75 lashes for alcohol possession in saudi arabia. he was found with homemade alcohol in his car and was sentenced to serve time in prison. the sydney grandfather was banned from travelling out of the country. mutty says he received little assistance from the australian embassy in riyadh. he has had a travel ban placed on him after he served time for the crime. the 57-year-old was jailed and sentenced to 75 lashes, but only received 28 of the sentence.
emmanuel sithole was repeatedly stabbed with knives and bludgeoned with a wrench in alexandra township near johannesburg. victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner. the mozambique-born man was brutally attacked without warning by a mob. the attack was captured on camera by a journalist from south africa's sunday times newspaper.
labour leader harold wilson told bbc director general sir hugh greene the show could cost the labour party 20 seats. mr wilson feared working class voters would stay at home and watch a repeat of steptoe and son on the night of the 1964 election. he went to the home of the bbc to express his concerns over the broadcast. bbc said labour party won the election by four seats.
debra and dale krein of rogue river, oregon, filed suit against neighbors john updegraff and karen szewc in 2012. claim their neighbors' tibetan mastiffs have been barking until 5am since 2002. jury ruled the dogs should have their vocal chords removed after three years of proceedings. defendants tried to argue they needed the dogs to protect their livestock.
dr fredric brandt, 65, was found hanged in the garage of his miami mansion on sunday morning. he was reportedly upset over his portrayal in unbreakable kimmy schmidt. jeff richmond is an executive producer and the music composer on his wife's show. sources close to the doctor said he was 'definitely hurt' by the apparent portrayal of himself on the netflix show. brandt was found dead at his coconut grove mansion in miami. he suffered from depression and was taking medication for it.
izzat ibrahim al-douri died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province, north of baghdad. he was the king of clubs in the famous pack of cards the us issued of wanted members of saddam's regime.    he was deputy to saddam when he was deposed after the 2003 us-led invasion of iraq.  he headed the naqshbandi order insurgent group, an important faction behind the rise of isis. a car bomb killed three people outside the u.s. consulate in erbil, iraq's capital.
tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the international space station. it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth orbit. the system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size. tokyoresearchers have proposed a system to shoot down space junk using a laser. powerful pulses from the laser would push space junk into earth’s atmosphere, where it would burn up.
almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts because they no longer see it as 'cool' 60 per cent of britons aged over 55 now have a facebook account. one in ten people signed up to other social media platforms to'maintain privacy'
firm's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to £217.2million. chairman andy haste says the company might change its name in a bid to repair reputation. wonga wrote off 300,000 personal loans and was forced to pay compensation to 45,000 customers over fake legal letters scandal.
only 15 per cent of people at university now say they plan to vote green, down to 15% from 28 per cent in february. proportion of students who dislike green leader natalie bennett has doubled to 24 per cent since september. party launches youth manifesto with pledge to invest £1.1billion in youth services.
richie benaud passed away after a battle with skin cancer. the leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form, earning him the title of 'the voice of cricket' his commentary was understated and measured and his one-liners were perfectly timed. his trademark word,'marvellous...' will forever be linked to the cricket legend.
bobby brown was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas on saturday night when he told the audience that his daughter bobbi is 'awake'   but whitney houston's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was in when she was found unresponsive in a bathtub on january 31. she has been in a medically induced coma since. bobby and his family are at odds with the family of his deceased ex-wife whitney.
david cameron will unveil analysis to show labour and snp are'really on the same side' and want'more borrowing, more debt and more taxes'   labour and the snp have ruled out a formal coalition but refused to prop up a minority government. prime minister last night said he would be a 'big failure' if he does not win a commons majority.
alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year. he will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months. italian alex bellini, 36, is currently seeking funding for his project, called adrift, which he hopes to begin in november 2016. the aim is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise. mr bellini is to be subjected to the full force of the iceberg as it melts, cracks and flips. the capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people - but he will remove all the seats apart from one.
boeing 737 left main landing gear detached due to heat damage to chrome plating. the cargo plane skidded along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop at derby airport. the 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury and there were no passengers on board.
joel burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend ashley king in new berlin, illinois. they have known each other since kindergarten but their friends are still teasing them. they plan to serve drinks in personalized burger king cups at their wedding.
a second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', professor paul whiteley of the university of essex said. experts predict a repeat of the disastrous left-wing lib-lib pact of the 1970s. likeliest outcome would be conservatives winning the most votes but a 'left-wing alliance' forming.
change4life is being run by public health england to help address the country's obesity crisis. dishes on its website have up to 29g of sugar per serving - seven teaspoons' worth. apricot bread pudding has more sugar than a snickers bar and a bowl of frosties.
brits wanted to know why david cameron was a no-show at last night's tv debate. second most popular question on google was: 'why is cameron not at the debate'    mr cameron appeared at home in oxfordshire, 66 miles from the debate's central hall.
former staff sgt. charlie linville, 29, from boise, idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons. his quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 sherpa guides in april when an avalanche stopped him at the base camp. he was an explosives expert serving in afghanistan in 2011 when he lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion.
jannik andersen, a student at the university of colorado, was hit by the train on tracks in indio, four miles northeast of coachella's grounds. he was struck by a union pacific train shortly after 3am on saturday, police said. andersen was a non-degree seeking continuing education student from san diego. police have launched an investigation into the incident. it is too early to determine whether alcohol or drugs were involved in the student's death. mac demarco, a performer at the festival, took to twitter to pay his respects to the fan.
wheed ahmed, 21, son of councillor shakil ahmed was accused of trying to sneak into syria with eight of his relatives. university student was arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences at birmingham airport. waheed, from rochdale, greater manchester, is the son of a labour councillor. he was deported by the turkish authorities and flown back to the uk earlier this week. six people, including four children, have been released without charge by police.
pictures were captured as part of the robot's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors. but the robot stalled just three hours into its mission and had to be abandoned. more than 300,000 people were evacuated after three of fukushima's six reactors blew up following the 2011 disaster. nearly 16,000 died in the natural disaster and subsequent devastation.
gilt.com sold out of 500 limited edition copies of kim kardashian's selfie book selfish less than a minute after going on sale. the book is a 352-page collection of selfies. kim's official release date for the book, selfish, is may.
kendall and baylee cradle twins were born with very different skin tones because they are non-identical. their father is half-jamaican, while mother is white and father is white. both girls have very different personalities and personalities, as well as different personalities. father curtis martin and mother rebecca horton say it is hard to believe they are twins. one sister has black skin and the other is white due to quirk of genetics.
me-bai, the small elephant can be seen nuzzling her mother, mae yui, after a 62-mile (100km) trek through the thai jungle. she was sold to provide rides for tourists in thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old and didn't see her mother for three years. the pair were reunited in the elephant nature park sanctuary, in the north of the country.
kansas republican gov. sam brownback plans to sign a new law restricting the use of cash assistance. more than 20 other states have such lists. the new restrictions have inspired national criticism and mockery from the daily show. the taxpayer-funded temporary assistance for needy families program, currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four.
danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any pain relief. baby harley weighed 11lb 5oz and already fits into size two nappies. danielle, 21, insisted on a natural birth - not realising how big the baby was. midwives had to weigh harley twice as he was too large for the scales at the hospital.
police charged 34-year-old paul johnson-yarosevich of acton, maine, on monday with prohibited use of computer. the investigation started in december after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact. police say the girl was sending inappropriate photos of herself to a grown man .
carlos boente, 33, was serving time at hmp birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the woman. he received her number from a cellmate and asked her to change his facebook password as a favour. he bombarded the 19-year-old with thousands of texts and calls and told her she was going to die. boente was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle, harassment and a phone possession charge. he was jailed for five years at birmingham crown court.
michelle keegan, 27, unveils new lipsy range ahead of wednesday launch. she shows off summer dresses and playsuits in behind-the-scenes images. star, who is dating mark wright, shows off her summer tan and curves. her beauty secrets include drinking lots of water and taking make-up off before bed.
oratilwe hlongwane, from johannesburg, south africa, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop. the toddler, whose dj name is aj, has nearly 25,000 facebook fans. he plays bass-heavy house music and has earned special appearances and sponsorship deals. the youngster still wears nappies and does not yet go to school.
caron wyn jones underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in bridgend . he paid because the welsh nhs could not perform the operation soon enough. father of welsh first minister carwyn jones was keen to get it done before a holiday. ed miliband's strategy of attacking tories for trying to 'privatise' the nhs backfired.
former deputy prime minister john prescott said prince of wales has 'a lot to offer this country'    labour peer said future king should be 'right to 'write as many damn letters as he likes' to ministers. prince charles has been accused of 'bombarding' ministers with 'black spider' memos.
report of child sex abuse cases rises by 60 per cent since operation yewtree and rotherham scandal. nearly 9,000 reports filed with police since 2011, up from just 74 in 2011. but the number of arrests fell by nine per cent, with critics accusing police of failing victims. south yorkshire police saw the largest rise in reported cases with 577 per cent increase.
angelina santini from san diego, california, filmed her nine-month-old son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer. the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor. four years on, he has swapped his passion for bouncing with playing the guitar.
patricia ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool in naples, florida. she crashed her black bmw 5-series into a car that was stopped at an intersection. ebel failed all field-sobriety tests and is facing dui charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car. neither ebel nor her grandson was injured in the crash.
linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009. called villa di montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated wood ranch golf & country club community. built in 2005, the tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 baths. the property includes an award-winning swimming pool, complete with fountains, waterfalls and a slide. linda and hulk hogan were together for 25 years before their divorce in 2009 .
the philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night's hour-long debate between democratic candidates. the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure. she sat out the rest of the debate and was evaluated by a doctor backstage. abraham said she was feeling well and that the incident won't impact her campaign.
durst's lawyers say he wants to go to los angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there. his arrest related to the weapons charges has kept him from being extradited to face charges in the december 2000 death of friend susan berman. durst was charged with possession of a firearm by a felon and possession of marijuana.
work at the dome of the rock was simply meant to replace carpet - but it revealed previously undocumented floor designs. israeli scholars believe the flooring may give a clue as to where the ark of the covenant was buried 2,500 years ago. muslim authority in charge of judaism's holiest site, the waqf, say the repairs were carried out 'behind their backs'   scholars are angry they did not get the chance to document the cryptic geometric patterns before they were covered in carpet.
faith myers, 14, from nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure. she refused milkshake in fear it could 'bring all the boys to her yard'   she declared that she will 'bring out a shotgun' if any boys come into her yard.
hernandez's fiancée, shayanna jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom terri as he was found guilty of the first-degree murder of odin lloyd on wednesday. her 23-year-old sister, shaneah, sat across the aisle from her sister and the girlfriend of victim lloyd. the once-close sisters have not spoken since the murder trial. both sisters attended the trial at times but sat on opposite sides of the court.
artefacts from tipu sultan, the tiger of mysore, will go on sale at london auction house bonhams this month. the items were collected over 30 years by a private collector and are expected to fetch a total of around £1million. the collection includes the only surviving piece of tipu's grand throne, which is expected to sell for £20,000.
alex impey is a father-of-two who says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness. he says he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store on the nsw central coast. medicinal marijuana is a form of liquid cannabis used to help with pain and pain relief. the drug is approved for use in treating some serious illnesses in the u.s. but is still illegal in australia. parents of children with serious illnesses are being taught how to grow their own marijuana.
elijah overcomer, 26, left gloriavale, a secretive christian commune on new zealand's west coast, with his wife and three children in late march 2013. he said living in the community was like being in a scary thriller movie. the family were 'blown away' by the kindness and support shown to them.    the family compared the community's views of the outside world with those of the village, by m. night shyamalan.
president barack obama all but endorsed her saying 'i think she would be an excellent president' two senior advisers said on saturday that hillary clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families. clinton launches her campaign on sunday with an online video. she plans to sell herself as being able to work with congress, businesses and world leaders.
rhodri giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a mercedes c200 without insurance. he was banned from driving for six months and fined £110 at manchester magistrates court. the former player-manager of salford city revealed he is now unemployed as a hgv driver. giggs said he has not worked since december and has no income or benefits. he had already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences.
ufo researcher scott waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from nasa's mercury project. the image was taken as part of project mercury, which was the us' first mission to put men in space. scientists say claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which is the psychological response to seeing objects in random places.
adidas ultra boost trainers have gone on sale for £130. supermarket chain aldi have a running flash sale of £19.99 running trainers. femail writer and marathon runner lucy waterlow tested out two pairs of running shoes. she tested out adidas' ultra boost shoes against a aldi's budget version. both are available in stores from tomorrow while stocks last.
couple, in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment for 'deafening' screams during sex sessions. neighbours in san martino, italy, moved out after complaining to police in 2009. man was sentenced to four months in prison and his fiancée given a noise abatement order. but the couple have been ordered to pay £9,000 after being convicted of harassment and harassment.
hackers reportedly accessed president obama's non-public schedule, which is considered highly sensitive information. according to federal officials, the white house acknowledged suspicious activity on its unclassified computer network in october 2014. a six-month investigation by the fbi and secret service found evidence pointing to russia as the source of the cyber-attack. the hackers accessed white house system by breaching first the state department's network.
director gareth edwards took to the stage at the star wars celebration convention in anaheim, california, on sunday. he revealed a preview of the first star wars spin-off rogue one. the film is described as an anthology movie and will be released in december 2016. felicity jones will star as a rebel fighter in the film.
no man's land fort, a victorian sea fort in the middle of the solent, is set to open as a luxury hotel this month. the hotel boasts 23 luxury suites and can sleep 44 guests, with prices starting from £450 per night. the fort was built between 1867 and 1880 and is located 2km off the coast of the isle of wight. it has a rooftop hot tub, shops, restaurants, bars, a spa and a nightclub.
california appeals court ruled yoga classes taught at capri school district do not violate students' right to religious freedom. family claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity. the district said the practice is taught in a secular way to promote strength, flexibility and balance.
36-year-old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder abdul hadi arwani. father of six was found dead in his car on a london street two weeks ago. jamaican businessman leslie cooper has already appeared in court charged with murder. burnell mitchell, brother of boney m's lead singer, has been arrested on suspect of terror offences.
sisters sophie morgan, 21, and sheree, 25, allowed their bank accounts to be used to accept stolen money. elderly couple were conned out of £36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman. man, 86, and his 84-year-old wife from cardiff, south wales, were told to transfer money. sheree morgan and her sister sophie agreed to let their accounts be used in 'vile' plot to steal money. both sisters and her mother and two accomplices admitted money laundering but avoided jail at burnley crown court.
violet pietrok, who lives in portland, oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a congenital malformation that widened her nose and the space between her eyes. plastic surgeon dr. john meara of boston children's hospital spent months preparing for violet's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using a 3d printer. violet is now smiling, laughing and dancing again six months after the operation.
melanie serita buck, 33, accused of killing michael buckley, 60, at marks & spencer in bromley, south-east london. court heard she became frustrated because the store was 'gridlocked' with christmas shoppers. she 'deliberately rammed' frail widower  with her trolley and broke his thighbone and wrist. buck, from forest hill, charged with manslaughter and alternative charge of inflicting gbh. she denies the charges at croydon crown court and has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter.
jemma peacock, 31, suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to prolong her life. mother-of-two has been refused life-saving drug regorafenib which costs £1,000 a week to provide. she says the nhs is denying her two daughters their mother by refusing to fund the drug. mrs peacock has not told her daughters kacie, six, and willow, four, that she has cancer. she has set up a 100,000-strong petition for the drug to be funded but is yet to tell them.
restaurants serving cat meat are springing up across northern vietnam despite laws against eating the animal. cat meat is sold as a delicacy known as 'baby tiger' and is smuggled across the border from china and laos. police officers and lawyers are among the biggest customers of the meat, which is illegal to eat. one restaurant owner slaughtered 31 cats in one day to keep up with demand.
jeremy trentelman, 36, of ogden, utah, built a giant box fort for his son max, 3, and daughter story, 2, in his front yard last week. he received a letter from city code enforcement officials telling him to take down the castle. the father says he will leave it up for 14 days, the maximum allowed before receiving a $125 fine.
so-called 'boomerang generation' are living at home even in their twenties and thirties. only 42 per cent of parents charge their adult children rent. 80 per cent still buy their children's groceries and 60 per cent cook dinner for them. debt organisations warn parents should not be afraid to ask children for rent and money.
when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured. the uninsured rate lowest since gallup and healthways began tracking in 2008. an estimated 14.75 million adults have gained coverage since the fall of 2013. hispanics saw the biggest coverage gains of any ethnic or racial group.
britney e. montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in orlando, florida, early saturday after getting involved in a fight. she was arrested covered in blood, but police say it was not her own. the fight broke out about 2.40am saturday at a bar in downtown orlando. she is from queens, new york, and studies at valencia community college.
abiotic methane is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide. scientists found vast deep water gas hydrates in the arctic that are reservoirs for the gas. it is created by chemical reactions in the crust beneath the seafloor. the reservoirs are secure, and scientists don't believe they will impact climate change. similar formations could someday be used to store methane, that can be used as fuel.
ed miliband will warn supporters that labour faces coming to power in a ‘time of scarcity’ launching party’s manifesto in manchester. he will insist a labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’ and have national debt falling ‘as soon as possible’   labour leader will claim ‘not one policy’ in it would be funded through additional government borrowing.
more than 160 melon-headed whales washed up on two beaches at hokota city, north-east of tokyo. officials are investigating the cause of the mass stranding. it triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake and tsunami. but experts have dismissed the claims as 'unscientific'
average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin. dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in australia. an average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mite living in it at one time. more than 1,000 mites live in just one metre of carpet and produce 2000 droppings in their lifetime. just 44 per cent of women wash their sheets on a weekly basis.
martina levato and her german boyfriend alexander boettcher, 30, wanted to 'purge' her previous relationships, court heard. they planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to, it was claimed. the 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man's genitals in a car, it is claimed. couple was detained on suspicion of throwing acid on ex-boyfriend pietro barbini's face and body.
tony degrafreed, of indianapolis, indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife rebecca degrafrees, 47, at their home on july 20, 2014. in january 1994, he was arrested and charged with the murder of his estranged wife along with two counts of attempted murder and illegal possession of a handgun . he was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison, but served less than half of that sentence.
the queen will visit runnymede in surrey to celebrate the magna carta's 800th anniversary in june. but dozens of anarchists have set up a camp just yards from the historic site. the squatters claim to live off the land and are linked to the occupy london movement. they have been granted a stay of execution by a county court judge.
the suzy lamplugh trust, a london-based charity which aims to'make society a safer place', has slammed the t-shirts. the shirts are sold in us and uk stores including zazzle and look human. feature phrases such as 'i heart my stalker' and'some people call it stalking'   according to the slt, the shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women, and play into people's fear of being laughed at.
gianni van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of gonzalo ramirez, 24, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of a california road having suffered 30 blows with a meat cleaver. prosecutors say van killed ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend norma esparza. van was arrested in 1996 and charged with the murder, but released because esparzas could not be forced to testify against him. van later divorced her and she went on to become a psychology professor in france.
a 56-year-old man was taken to hospital with head injuries and a broken arm after the six-storey building collapsed in holborn, central london. staff at royal courts of justice and london school of economics were evacuated after the incident. it is just yards from where underground cable fire ripped through holborn on april 1. the building collapsed 'like a pancake' sending a cloud of dust into the air.
gavin munro grows young trees into plastic moulds, pruning and guiding the branches into shape. he hopes to harvest a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades from a field in derbyshire next year. mr munro hopes to have the furniture on sale by 2017 priced between £1,000 and £2,000.
stars including nancy dell'olio, josie gibson, jamelia and susanna reid share first selfie in aid of #selfieesteem. good morning britain's initiative celebrates women as they are. according to survey, women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four.
volvo teamed up with a swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists, called life paint. life paint is a reflective safety spray that’s invisible by daylight but reflects light in the dark. it contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car's headlights. volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road. a trial began in london bike shops on 2 april and 2,000 cans were given away free. the paint has proved so popular that the trial cans are now on sale on ebay for £45 ($66) at the time of writing.
national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 australian families. one in five nsw families have admitted to sedating their children before a long road trip. four in five families use technology to deal with bored children. 20 per cent of parents admit to using sedatives like phenergan to knock their children out. the medication can cause breathing problems in young children. the medical community claim the sedative should not be used on children younger than two.
lisa webb, 34, was nervous about sending her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in france. she feared her daughter would starve during the day. she spent a week in the canteen of her daughter's school for a week. the canadian expat was shocked to see tots eating everything put in front of them.
rochelle coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity - and has not worked for five years. the 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom'   she says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace because she is so tired she falls asleep unexpectedly. doctors have warned her she needs to lose weight to cure her condition - but she claims she needs a state-funded support worker to write meal plans.
unnamed man was gored between the legs during a bullrunning event in teulada, a small coastal town on spain's costa blanca. he was running away from the angry animal when he was knocked to the ground. the bull caught him with one of its horns and sent him sprawling to the floor. the man was trying to scramble to safety behind a set of iron bull bars .
michelle woods was told by her daughter elisha mann that'something was moving' in the bath. the four-foot red and orange corn snake was found in the bathroom of her new home. she believes it may belong to the previous tenant of the property in teesside. ms woods posted an appeal on facebook and a snake expert recognised the reptile.
the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds travel by private jet, private yacht and stay in presidential suites.    andreas arnhoff, lana scolaro, marcus w.a. and tomer sror are just a few of the stars of the jet-set lifestyle.
university of manchester researchers have revealed an hd dark matter map of the cosmos. it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky . the goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years. a team from the manchester team has spent two years measuring the shapes of galaxies to create the map. it is the first in a series of maps of dark matter that will allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe.
mike fregoe and his family on new york's long island tried to keep a 9-foot-tall snowman alive for as long as possible. the family built the snowman in january, but the frosty melted this weekend when 70-degree temperatures hit the area. frosty became an internet celebrity, with more than 3,000 people liking a facebook page dedicated to him. the fregoes decided to start a new snowman for next winter.
the 42-year-old mother-of-two posted a picture of her grocery shop on her twitter account. gwyneth paltrow was nominated to take on the challenge by celebrity chef roy choi. she will be living off $29 worth of food for a week to raise awareness and funds for new york's food banks.
the three dogs were captured in a front room in bahama, north carolina. a husky, a springer spaniel and a black and white dog all howled together in harmony. the video was shot by a filmmaker and shows the dogs performing for their owner.
the pilot turned back to seattle 14 minutes after alaska airlines flight 448 took off on monday when he heard banging and screaming from the cargo hold. a baggage handler had fallen asleep in the plane's cargo hold before take-off. the pilot declared an emergency for priority landing and returned the plane to se seattle. the man was taken to a hospital as a precaution.
international monetary fund predicts the uk economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016. it comes as inflation remains at zero per cent, with food and fuel prices down sharply. george osborne says it is 'proof our economic plan is working' but david cameron warns growth in uk could be put at risk if tories are not returned to power.
met office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for april, may and june of this year in its long-range forecast. friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9c at st james's park in london. but winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north wales today, and snow was reported to have fallen in northern england. today will be largely dry and bright across the south, but rain will move across the north. it could be 25c on wednesday, and the met office has a severe wind warning in place until 5pm.
sharmeena begum, 15, was raised by her uncle shamim miah, a devout muslim and former religious scholar. he encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at bethnal green academy. he blames airport authorities, police and her school for letting her flee to syria. sharmeena's uncle has turned for advice to hardline human rights group cage when she disappeared. she used £1,000 of her family's money to fly in secret to the country.
charlotte carr and helen padarin have spoken out in defence of pete evans' decision to independently release 'bubba yum yum: the paleo way'   the cookbook was dumped by publishers pan macmillan after it was revealed a recipe for baby formula was made from liver and bone broth. the co-authors said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book. the book is set to be self-published at the end of this month as a digital book.
the chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about how the massive cash boost would be paid for. mr osborne said it would come from the conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for the economy. labour deputy leader harriet harman said the promise was ‘illusory’ on bbc's the andrew marr show.
craig stoner, darren smalley, joshua finbow and simon radford each charged with one count of sexual assault. alleged incident at military base in shearwater, near halifax, nova scotia. sailors were at the base after playing in a hockey tournament with canadian forces.
david atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the oven when he discovered the three-foot california king snake. his sister margaret, 73, has an extreme phobia of snakes and needed to go to hospital with heart problems. the reptile has been given a temporary home with a conservationist.
marion'suge' knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges. the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january, killing one and seriously injuring the other. cle 'bone' sloan told detectives that he attacked knight but testified on monday that he didn't remember the attack.    knight's attorney said his client was ambushed and was trying to escape sloan's attack when he ran over the men.
judy murray, 55, also said she would be a'very active granny' and plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis. her son and his bride wed at dunblane cathedral on saturday. andy, 27, and kim sears married in front of more than 3,000 guests.
london's julie falconer, shay mitchell, daniel noll and audrey scott are some of the world's most popular instagrammers. the stars of pretty little liars and uncornered market have their own travel blogs and travel blogs. many travel blogs are dedicated to travel and travel inspiration.
the hobart international airport website has been hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical islamist group isis. tasmania police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport. airport management has disabled the site and customers are advised to visit airline websites for flight information.
replica of the warship that carried france's marquis de lafayette to help american colonists in their war of independence set sail for the united states on saturday. the original hermione crossed the atlantic on the original frigate in 1780 to tell his friend george washington. the new frigate has been under construction since 1997 and will arrive in yorktown on june 5 for a two-month tour.
metropolitan police are assessing footage which appears to show a homophobic chant about ashley cole. the video was apparently filmed by a supporter ahead of arsenal's fa cup semi-final win over reading . cole left arsenal to join london rivals chelsea in 2006 and currently plays for roma.
mangu ram was 14 when he fled to kashmir as a refugee after the partition of india. for the past 70 years he has been denied citizenship rights to own property or vote in state elections. around 100,000 people are classified as refugees in india's only muslim-majority state. the west pakistan refugees (wprs) have been refused the right to vote or own property.
biologists at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel studied the movement of octopuses. they found that the movement is controlled independently in the brain and can move in any direction. the findings could help scientists develop new ways for soft robots to move around. the octopus was found to move by pushing with its legs rather than pulling.
islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in remote village of kwajafa in borno state to carry out attack. they told locals they were there to teach islam and set fire to houses. attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters by boko haram are being encouraged to draw pictures of the attacks as part of their therapy.
tania watts is likely to see anjie galsworthy at becky's funeral as she was stepmother to the 16-year-old. becky, 16, vanished from father's family home in crown hill, bristol, on february 19. her body parts were found at a house on march 2 and stepbrother nathan matthews, 28, is accused of murder. ms watts said she fears coming face-to-face with anje's son, who is also accused of the teenager's murder. she spoke of the 'hell' she has endured since the murder and said she is still not accepting she will not see her.
paula mckay's daughter natasha, 24, and son patrick, 22, were both left severely disabled after birth at same hospital. staff at sharoe green hospital in preston failed to monitor natasha and failed to ventilate her properly, causing brain damage. when she became pregnant with her second child the same mistakes were repeated by staff. natasha was left brain damaged and with cerebral palsy and needs 24-hour care for life. ms mcksay has won a 20-year legal battle to secure £13 million compensation for her two children.
atlanta-based writer alex gray, 27, weighed 354lbs at his heaviest. he lost 160lbs from his body weight in 20 months. alex was inspired to lose weight after seeing an obese friend lose weight. he said that he had an insatiable appetite as a child and struggled with intimacy because of his size.
in the third part of our major good health series on dementia, we look at ways to help those with dementia. older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much. avoiding catnapping during the day is one of the most important measures to help with memory.
nick fisher, 31, from leintwardine, shropshire, said his bedlington lurcher twiglet was behaving strangely after eating the drugs. the four-year-old dog seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes. after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he was back to normal. vet nick fisher believes his dog may have ingested something hallucinogenic.
lib dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art when he was at school. he will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy and a fairer society'   mr clegg has promised to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction, with cuts to benefits and whitehall budgets. labour's ed miliband has vowed to cut the deficit every year.
cui hongfang, 73, hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall. police in beijing have ruled her death an accident, although they are still investigating. her family said the canadian tourist was running down steep steps when she was knocked over.
sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013. he was born in melbourne, australia, but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship. 17-year-old chancey allen luna allegedly murdered lane and is on trial for first-degree murder. lane's mother, donna lane, broke down in tears when shown images of the bloody t-shirt her son was wearing.
tony blair attended a private fundraising dinner for 15 labour target seats in morden, south london. only one shadow cabinet minister, chuka umunna, could be bothered to attend. blair name-checked ed miliband only once, devoting his speech instead to his own achievements. programme for the dinner was littered with errors and misspelt chuka's name.
niamh geaney, 26, and karen branigan, 29, found their real-life doppelgängers through a social media hunt. just last month, retired priest neil richardson, 69, found his 'twin stranger' in braintree, essex. a london-based journalist and two university students also found their 'twins' in birmingham and london.
horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers across the country. many owners find they can no longer afford to keep and look after them. animal welfare charities are full to capacity and are struggling to care for neglected or abandoned horses. rspca alone took in 1,500 horses last year, many of them former family pets.
the philippines voiced alarm about chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched giant war games with the united states involving 11,500 personnel. aerial images show intense recent chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the south china sea. previous satellite images reveal china has built an airstrip on disputed fiery cross reef in the spratly islands. the philippine army has said that chinese aggression in the region could lead to war.
sarah, 23, appeared on the jeremy kyle show to undergo a dna test to find out who her father was. her mother told her last year phil wasn't her real father. phil, who has raised sarah, was devastated to learn he is not her biological father. the pair appeared on tv to discover the truth but said it won't change their relationship. phil and sarah burst into tears when the dna results were revealed.
hedione is derived from the greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust. christian dior fragrance, eau savage, was the first to use it in 1966. it activates the pheromone receptor vn1r in humans. this activates part of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women.
melanie and vanessa iris roy decided they wanted to start a family and each carried a child one year apart. the couple, from north carolina, took photos at each stage of their pregnancies. they uploaded the images to instagram and they quickly went viral. the women say they are shocked but thankful after people said they are an 'inspiration'
nick woodman, 39, was granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $284.5million - at the end of the year. it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index. chenerie energy's chief executive charif souki was ranked second at $281 million. woodman's product is a camera which can be fixed to helmets, the body, or a hand-held pole.
family-of-six spotted driving through the city of san miguel de tucuman in argentina's north-western province. man held handlebars of the bike while children sat on petrol tank in front of him. it comes just weeks after a family of seven were seen riding on the same motorbike without helmets.
elizabeth jane howard amassed a collection of greek, egyptian and roman jewellery during her lifetime. some of the pieces are up to 3,500 years old and are expected to fetch up to £20,000 at auction. howard was kingsley amis' second wife and the author died in 2014 aged 90.
barcelona-based booking platform byhours allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours. 25 hotels in london have signed up to the company's booking platform. the company has already signed up 25 of the best hotels in the capital. byhours.com works with 1,500 hotels in spain and the uk.
justin d. smith, 18, and efrain diaz, 20, have been charged with murder and robbery in the robbery and murder of university of kentucky junior jonathan krueger. justin smith and diaz pleaded not guilty to the murder of the 22-year-old photo editor at the school newspaper. jon nathan was shot in the chest at 2am on friday morning at a parking lot in lexington. he was a junior in the college of communication and information and a photo editor for the university's campus newspaper.
john helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of tampa bay bus stop. he tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but all of his personal identification had been stolen. a cop and a case manager then looked into his past and found a lost bank account. it had enough money and social security benefits to buy his own house.
kevin o'connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law. he says gays are welcome in his restaurant, but he would decline to cater a same-sex wedding because it would conflict with his beliefs. a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours.
naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning having lost her memory of the past 17 years of her life. she had transient global amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress. she thought she was a 15-year-old and her son was a stranger. after eight weeks her memory began to return to normal.
recorder philip cattan, 65, from cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of john quingley at manchester crown court. a retrial had to be ordered and the child had to give evidence for a second time. lord chancellor and lord chief justice found evidence of serious misconduct. incident was witnessed by the family of the victim in the case.
kyli wilfson was 26 when she woke up in excruciating stomach pain in october 2012. she was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis and was unable to eat for a year and a half. her weight dropped to 80lbs, and she had to postpone her wedding to her fiancé dustin wood. doctors initially thought she had acute pancreatitis, a condition that affects less than.01 per cent of people.
black boots are clearly seen behind a little girl in a photo taken in japan. the image has sparked online rumours of a ghost. the photographer's father does not recall a person standing behind the child. a reddit user suggested the boots could be'samurai boots'   but other users suggested it was likely an optical illusion or a trick of the light or paranormal forces.
a kestrel and a barn owl were caught on camera fighting over a nesting box in a garden in thixendale, north yorkshire. the birds of prey repeatedly lunged at each other as they tried to win back the box. but the barn owl was the victor and found a mate to share its new home.
alice dreger attended the class at east lansing high school after her son asked her to sit in on it earlier this week. author and professor was outraged by the lesson at the michigan school's abstinence only stance. the class was filled with horror stories about people who have pre-marital sex. but the school has denied it only teaches abstinence, saying it was just that day's lesson.
a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared in the sky of xiangtan city in central china last week. a student at hunan university of science and technology saw the cloud mimicking the global symbol for wifi. chinese internet users have shared and commented on the photo on social media.
asabi barner, 37, is suing black ink tattoo parlor in harlem, new york city for a chest tattoo that left her scarred and in pain. barner says she went to the parlor after watching the vh1 reality show, black ink crew, and trusted the artists. the owner and artists at black ink star in their own reality show.   barner has to apply an ice pack to the tattoo every day to relieve the pain.
michelle knight appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center's faces of change luncheon on wednesday. she was chained inside cleveland's 'house of horrors' for almost 10 years - the longest of the three women who were kidnapped, imprisoned and abused by ariel castro. knight said her healing process has been 'to overcome and flourish and rise above' the abuse. while signing copies of her book, she revealed to readers that she does has a boyfriend.
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors. they are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the chinese capital and were taken during the imperial era. the photos show tourists posing at the temple of heaven and standing next to giant statues at the western qing tombs. the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing, which is visited by millions of tourists.
canadian duo mitchell moffit and greg brown present online science show asapscience. they discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or only child affects personality traits. personality traits are also affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were. first-borns are expected to be academic achievers and more ambitious. middle-born children tend to be co-operative and sociable, and are more likely to be social butterflies. youngest children are likeable and charming, and only children are creative and responsible.
more than 37 tons of silver fish have died in rodrigo de freitas lake in rio de janeiro, brazil. the lake is where olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held during next year's games. authorities and biologists have argued about the cause of the deaths. rio's waste management company said it has cleared more than 37 tonnes of fish, but there is still an overwhelming stench. the dead fish are being scooped out of the water and taken to the city's main dump.
pregnant women with extreme morning sickness more likely to have children with language and speech delays, and attention disorders. study shows condition suffered by duchess of cambridge triples risk of developmental problems. about 10,000 women a year in the uk are affected by hyperemesis gravidarum - severe morning sickness.
veronica ‘roni’ gonzalez and her fiance ely alba were returning from engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble. four were killed instantly in the collision. of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds. veronica lost a leg and remains in critical condition.
lion - known as p-22 - was found by workers in the crawl space under a house in los feliz hills on monday. animal rescue workers have tried to get the cougar to move out - but to no avail. he is best-known for being pictured in front of the hollywood sign in 2013.
flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell. users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10. flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other drugs. it can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts and is spreading across florida.
photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles. some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes. taken in the capital tehran, the photographs show young people in iran are defying the country's hardline islamic image to create a more westernised society. young people represent the largest societal bloc in iranian, with over 63 per cent of iran's population of 73 million people aged under 30.
andrés iniesta's vineyard in castilla-la mancha can be rented out for €125 (£90) a night. the world class midfielder took to twitter to announce the news. the property comes with a guided tour of the vineyard and a wine-making tour.
shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window at shimada cigarette shop in west tokyo. visitors have travelled from afar to give the dog a snack, pat him on the head or pose for a selfie. one of the videos showing his customer service skills has more than two million views on youtube.
the eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for netflix customers internationally. 'our planet' will focus on the earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there. it is being produced by u.k.-based silverback films in collaboration with world wildlife fund.
michelle keegan, 27, unveils her summer range for lipsy in full. the actress and model has been hard at work designing new range. she also models in garnier ambre solaire campaign. star shows off her summer dresses in new campaign imagery. michelle, who starred in coronation street, has a busy schedule.
maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including persistent sexual abuse of a child. a young woman was subjected to years of abuse by the bega cheese boss. she told sydney's district court on monday that she is scared for her future relationships. for years she kept the abuse a secret, but when she found out he had been caught she knew she had to break her silence. the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to the charges. the young woman said when he abused her as a child she didn't know it was wrong.
men in u.s. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs. they fear the pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units. the military lifted the ban on women in combat jobs in 2012, opening up 230,000 positions to women.
the jet is unusual because it is erupting from the dark underside of the comet, whereas such activity had only been seen on the day side so far. the jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface. but it is unusual, because so far such activity has only been spotted on the comet's day side. the images were taken by the rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles (75km) from comet 67p.
diane james, ukip's justice spokesman, praised russian president vladimir putin's nationalist credentials. argued he was forced into invading ukraine because of the european union. mrs james said putin is a'very strong leader' who has 'put russia first'    leader nigel farage sparked a row last year when he hailed putin as a 'brilliant operator' for his stance on syrian conflict.
archie brown jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in milwaukee, wisconsin sunday evening. while at the scene an unidentified gunman shot brown and a 15 year old boy dead. police say the driver, father-of-four archie brown, was shot in the head and killed at thescene. a 15-year old boy was also shot and later died at the hospital. a local alderman suggested that the shooting may have been carried out in revenge of the child's death.
more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button since reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool's day. it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click the button once. only people who registered on the site before 1 april are eligible to press the button. when the button is clicked, the timer resets and users are awarded a 'flair' with a colour.
signs feature portraits of clinton with phrases including 'dont say secretive' and 'don't say entitled'   street art appears to be a dig at clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting. following clinton's presidential candidacy announcement on sunday, a hashtag on twitter also began trending called #whyimnotvotingfor hillary.
four-month-old roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps. the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees.
retired lt col richard 'dick' cole, age 99, and staff sgt david thatcher, 93, presented the congressional gold medal to the national museum of the us air force. the medal was awarded by congress earlier in the week. medal will be on permanent display at the museum's diorama about the tokyo raid on april 18, 1942. three of the original 80 raiders have died since the 70th anniversary of the raid.
david king, a 70-year-old pensioner from newham, east london, who retired to normandy 15 years ago. his body was found by sniffer dogs last week in hamlet of pierres, south-west of caen. an unnamed frenchman, 28, has been charged with his murder. prosecutors say he may have confronted man over stolen vegetables.
robert charles bates, 73, accidentally shot and killed eric courtney harris, 44, in tulsa, oklahoma. harris was trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover officers. bates was a reserve deputy and was monitoring from afar when he opened fire. police say he accidentally pulled out his service weapon instead of the stun gun.
helen flanagan, danielle lloyd and angelina jolie are among the stars to have a maternity style. many celebrities have a signature style for the nine months of pregnancy. some women opt for more demure styles, while others opt for a more reserved look.
anna and indi, owned by 32-year-old zane jones, have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old. use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while surfing off the coast of queensland, australia. the border collies have been trained to lift their paw to 'hang five'
drunken group of men were on a jet2 flight from glasgow to alicante on friday morning. yobs abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when plane landed. one man was escorted from the plane after it landed in spain and banned from flying back.
anna broom, 33, from gillingham, in kent, has not worked since the age of 19 and claims £100,000 in benefits. wants taxpayer to loan her £10,000 for a 'fairy-tale church wedding and party in a castle'   she also wants a honeymoon to mexico and wants to arrive in a horse and carriage like katie price.
dale cregan, 31, was transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester a month ago after being caught smuggling mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell. he was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012. he is hoping to be moved to ashworth hospital, a high-security psychiatric hospital.
james may said viewers who sent death threats to sue perkins should 'kill themselves' should 'do the world a favour'   but he quickly backtracked and said he didn't want people to kill themselves as fans. may was a favourite to replace the ousted jeremy clarkson as top gear presenter. perkins recently announced she was leaving twitter in response to the abuse.
russian marathon rider ruslan bazarov, 28, suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg after being knocked from his bike. he was overtaken by a flour truck on the st petersburg ring road. bazarovo was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the baltic star club. the driver of the truck, a hgv, blamed bazarova for causing the accident.
on average, pets watch 21 hours of tv a week. owner of a micro pig lets their pet watch 28 hours of shows a week - equivalent to 42 episodes of eastenders. paul o'grady's show 'for the love of dogs' is pets' favourite show. almost two thirds of goldfish owners admit to putting the tank in sight of the tv.
the 13th century castle in the dordogne, france is on the market for £703,400. the 14-bedroom property was refurbished in the 19th century and again in 2002. the castle is only 15 minutes from an airport which has regular flights to london. the hill-top castle features its own swimming pool and its own suit of armour and shield. the property also features 14 bathrooms and 46 hectares of land.
david potchen, 53, robbed a bank in merrillville, indiana, and waited for police to arrive so he could go back to prison. the ex-con spent 12 and a half years in prison for a 2000 bank robbery. he had lost his job, lost his place to stay and spent a night in the woods. he is now employed and living with the support of his relatives and is staying out of trouble.
finnish researchers say widely-prescribed drugs could be contributing to obesity epidemic. by two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese. a third of 10-11 year olds and a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight.
50 obese pupils at jianxin primary school, in eastern china, are being sent to special classes to help them lose weight. a survey revealed 5 per cent of the school's 800 pupils were obese, including one 11-year-old who weighs 180lbs. instructors say the classes are aimed at making fitness fun, and are named after a dreamworks film. teachers have been told to monitor each child's weight and work with parents to help control the weight.
future king william faces a two-hour hospital dash to be at his wife's side when she goes into labour. duchess of cambridge will be based at kensington palace and won't be seen in public again until she leaves hospital. royal staff have ruled out using a helicopter to transport prince back to london. the prince will take a fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born later this month.
intruder was arrested after climbing over fence at 10.25pm last night in washington dc. the package was 'deemed to be harmless' and police are investigating. it is the latest in a string of security breaches to hit the us capital. last week a gyrocopter landed on the lawn of the capitol.
kind bars are the fastest-growing nutrition bar in the u.s. with sales topping $100 million. one kind bar flavor contains more calories, fat and sodium than a snickers bar. fda investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' but were in fact'misbranded'
home homeland security secretary jeh johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from gettysburg, pennsylvania to the us capitol on wednesday. doug hughes, 61, was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago. just the day before, hughes landed his gyrocopter on the west front lawn of the capitol building. capitol authorities were prepared to open fire on hughes if he got too close to the speaker's balcony. hughes claims he informed police and secret service of his 'insane' stunt.
labour leader repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs, crime and tuition fees. labour predicted austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar and poor students go to university fall. labour leader refused to say how much labour would be borrowing by the end of the next parliament.   labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by evan davis on how situation in all three cases had improved.
patrick and valerie jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom home in jimena de la frontera, southern spain. they bought the bed and breakfast in 2008 and are planning to move back to the uk. but the town hall ruled alterations made by a previous owner were illegal. the jubbs said their money is tied up in the property and they want to sell it.
moder of the reddit thread, find boston bombers, chris ryves, has told of his regrets about the thread in new documentary. he set up thread after boston marathon bombings in 2013 to help identify suspect or suspects. but three million users took to thread, which became 'its own beast' in the days after attack. users hurled false accusations at spectators who had been wearing backpacks at the event. claims even led to 22-year-old sunil tripathi, a brown university student, being wrongly identified as the bomber. now, he has spoken of regrets about thread in a new documentary, which will be released on monday.
neil killham made his own version of the infamous shepherds pie-trifle from friends 16 years ago. he replaced the beef with the more traditional lamb instead of the beef in the dish. the dish was made by character rachel green who accidentally made it in the popular tv show. it features custard, jam, lamb, peas, onions and whipped cream.
bmw mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers in the car. the augmented vision goggles will go on show at the auto shanghai show. bmw group’s answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features. the glasses can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as show speed limits and point out local landmarks. the elvis-style glasses can also be worn out of the car and are connected to a smartphone.
robert f kennedy jr spoke at a documentary screening in sacramento, california on tuesday. the son of the late attorney general and nephew of president john fkennedy is trying to stop a bill that would make childhood immunizations mandatory. the documentary trace amounts purports that there is a connection between the vaccine chemical thimerosal and autism. the scientific community has dismissed the connection.
asif malik, 31, his partner sara kiran, 29, and their four children have been missing from berkshire home since april 7. they were caught on cctv boarding a ferry to france from dover with four children. police believe they may have been trying to flee to syria. but a turkish official claims the family have been arrested in ankara, turkey, and are in custody. malik was pictured at a protest in london last year holding a pro-isis poster.
kym ackerman, 32, saw jesus in an x-ray of her molars when she went for dental a check-up in flagstaff, arizona. she plans to frame the image and keep the molar and her mouth free of cavities.
presenter has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking so top gear live shows can go ahead 'in good spirit' bbc worldwide feared clarkson would vent anger at sacking during the live shows. global tour of motoring show looked like it may face the axe following hotel fracas. bbc decided not to renew his contract and cancelled the latest series of top gear.
the world's joint third-largest cruise ship, the anthem of the seas, has arrived in southampton, uk, for its naming ceremony. the ship has a capacity for almost 5,000 passengers and is expected to welcome 80,000 this summer. the vessel is owned by royal caribbean and will be named after the queen. the naming ceremony will take place on april 20 at the 101 at southampton docks, which is the home port for the summer season. guests will experience robotic bartenders, a virtual skydiving machine and even go on a sky dive.
u.s. envoy mark lippert said if north korea improves human rights record it will be rewarded with better ties with the world. he was attacked by a knife-wielding pro-north korean at a breakfast forum in seoul in march. the 42-year-old needed 80 stitches to the deep knife wound to his face.
queen letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases at science museum, cosmocaixa in barcelona. the mother-of-two wore a white tailored suit with a blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch. the 42-year-old delivered a speech at the opening of the second congress for the cause. she was joined by king felipe of spain for the event.
almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction. many britons are unaware of the seriousness of the condition, says charity allergy uk. two thirds of adults would not know how to help if they saw someone suffering allergic reaction. hospital admissions for allergies increased by 8 per cent between 2013 and 2014.
tom moffatt, 27, from ashton-under-lyne, was meant to ink 'riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his arm. but instead of the letter 'l', he started needling the letter p and had to'scribble' over the mistake. nhs worker was drunk at the time and now faces hours of laser surgery to remove the inkwork. also attempted to mark himself with riley's nickname'sonny boy' - but ended up scratching'sony boy' instead.
demetri nelson, 27-year-old demetric nelson still had his victim's keys in his pocket when he was arrested tuesday. deputies said nelson broke into a 53 year-old woman's home and demanded money. nelson allegedly told the woman to take him to a manning avenue home in south carolina. he told her to get into the trunk of the car, but nelson was unable to drive the car because of the manual transmission. the woman was able to escape and flagged down police officers who were patrolling the area.
sally jones, 45, who once played in a female punk band, ran away from her home in chatham, kent, to wage jihad. mother-of-two fled britain with her 10-year-old son and toyboy husband in 2013. video appears to show her leading members of al-khanssaa brigade in a hate-filled chanting session in syria. she is seen punching her hand in the air and shouting arabic chants, echoed by her fellow militants. jones was the lead guitarist in an all-girl rock band called krunch during the early 1990s and lives on benefits in the uk.
ellie marshall, 10, and taylor biggin, five, lost their eight-year-old brother harvey last year to a mystery illness. decided to donate eggs to sheffield children's hospital where he was cared for. more than 1,000 easter eggs have been sent to the family since posting on facebook.
alaa abdullah esayed admitted encouraging terrorism by posting 45,000 tweets supporting isis.    she could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences. the 22-year-old posted 127 messages a day to her 8,534 followers. she pleaded guilty to encouraging terrorism under the terrorism act 2006 and disseminating terrorist publications.
mitzi neyens, 77, was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants. she received a kidney march 26 after her husband bill gave his kidney to a patient in need. eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through transplants on the day of her transplant. the world's longest kidney donation chain began with a minneapolis attorney who donated a kidney without having a loved one in need of a transplant.
a 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the pacific ocean of the us. since last june it has extended from alaska to mexico. a university of washington study says it could be responsible for droughts . california's drought is one of the worst on record, while the east coast of the. us has seen unusually cold temperatures . it is also having an effect on marine life, and fish have been spotted in unusual places.
robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the jack m. barrack hebrew academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. he told jurors that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest. he is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government.
andre cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in missouri. cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on tuesday at the eastern reception, diagnostic and correctional center in bonne terre. anthony curtis was stabbed to death at his ex-wife's home 16 years ago. he was convicted and sentenced by an all-white jury.
militants seize control of riyan airport, sea port and oil terminal in country's largest province. it comes amid wider chaos pitting shiite rebels against forces loyal to exiled president and a saudi-led air campaign. al qaida fighters clashed briefly with members of one of yemen's largest brigades. today, shiites took part in a demonstration against an arms embargo imposed by the u.n. security council.
hamdi ulukaya was once a turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry. his american-born ex, dr. ayse giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000. the two were married just two years in the 1990s and his company was not an issue in their divorce. giray first sued ulukay in 2012 for a 53 percent stake in the company. after years of wrangling, chobani settled for an unknown sum.
some patients were still alive as they were secretly placed into incinerators in hospital boiler rooms, it is claimed. human rights lawyer claims people are being killed for organs in china - a country with only 37 registered organ donors. it has been claimed that members of the falun gong are a key target of organ harvesting. china has the second highest rate of organ transplants in the world, according to red cross.
david king, 70, from east london, had been missing for six months from his home in normandy, calvados, france. his body was found down a 12ft well in picturesque hamlet of pierres. mr king's 28-year-old neighbour is in custody being questioned about his death. he had been living in france for 15 years and retired as an engineer.
new zealand photographer amos chapple travelled the world with a quadcopter drone for 18 months between 2012 and 2014. it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone before restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world. the images show the beauty of buildings and communities around the world, captured from the air.
manuel delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault. karine cyr recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children. the family attempted to follow him to record his license plate because he cut them off . after the video was posted to facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views. delisle was arrested on monday following the release of the viral video.
winnie harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition as singer michael jackson. the pair attended a launch event for popular magazine at siren studios in hollywood, california, on tuesday night. winnie was wearing a black and gold mini dress.
action-packed photographs were captured by roger byng, 67, on the wetlands surrounding the severn estuary in slimbridge, gloucester. the fox tried to take down the canadian goose but only came away with a single feather. the pictures were taken by the grandfather-of-nine.
speaking for the first time since announcing he is leaving the daily show, jon stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch cable news anymore. 'watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing' he said. stewart also confessed that his'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent. he said he didn't have many regrets from his time hosting the comedy central show, but one was not pushing donald rumsfeld harder when he had the chance in 2011.
doctor john parker was taken to westmead hospital in sydney's west after falling ill on saturday. the humanitarian doctor had been working at an ebola treatment clinic in sierra leone since november. dr parker has tested negative for the deadly ebola virus after returning from west africa. the doctor has more than 20 years experience as a doctor and was placed in isolation at the hospital.
there is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in australia, according to queensland health. the adult vaccine will not be available until july. it comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old riley hughes who died after contracting the disease. medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women. riley died at just 32 days old after contracting whooping coughing.
ukip leader called on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the tory leader as prime minister. mr farage dropped his demand that the tories ditch mr cameron before any post election deal. he revealed he has already held informal discussions with tories about potential post-election arrangements.
rihanna left her bra at home when she went out to eat at a restaurant in santa monica this weekend. she is one of a growing number of celebrities who are opting to ditch their lingerie. nicole scherzinger and rita ora are among those who have ditched the bra.
beckky handley, 20, discovered her father raymond handley's crimes against a child in a local newspaper article. he was jailed for 13-and-a-half years for sexually assaulting the girl, eight. miss handley said her father should be 'hanged' for his crimes and wants to change her name via deed poll. she was kept from seeing her father as a child and was disowned by him.
nathan priestley, 21, from norwich, norfolk, was once dubbed ‘jabba the hutt’ by bullies. he was 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills and refused to leave his house for a year. nathan became so depressed over his size that he refused to go out. after his suicide attempt in 2011, he has since lost more than half his bodyweight and is now a ripped gym instructor.
judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, marquis mcafee, robbed tommy and jordan gray's louisville home in april 2013. at the sentencing for wallace, he accused the grays of fostering racist stereotypes in their 3-year-old daughter's mind. the couple wrote that their daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men'    but judge steven's granted probation to wallace because he had no prior convictions for violent crimes and said his thoughts about the gray's victim impact statements had no bearing on his judgement.
'the republicans seem to be talking only about me' – that's hillary rodham clinton's complaint about republicans. clinton is in new hampshire, nh on her first campaign stop of the year. she was talking to reporters about peter schweizer's new book, 'clinton cash'   the book details sweetheart deals clinton allegedly made with foreign governments and the u.s. state department in exchange for speaking fees and donations to her family foundation.
lallawavis scagliai was found in a cliff on a beach south of mar del plata city in argentina. scientists used 3d scanning of the skeleton to examine its hearing ability. the bird is one of the most complete skeletons of a 'terror bird' discovered 3.5 million years ago. it would have had powerful jaws but limited hearing .
heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had better mental and physical health. patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation, which can worsen heart failure. the university of california study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with stage b heart failure .
the i'm up alarm can be set to go off the night before and will only turn off by scanning a bar code. the alarm is linked to a qr code that can be printed on a mug or magnet and can be kept in another room of the house. the app will have a snooze function but only for a set number of times.
pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism or asperger syndrome to be based at microsoft's redmond offices in washington. microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at specialisterne. if successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide.
harold henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, toni bertolet, 51, last november. police have reopened investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, lynn rishell, some 20 years earlier. both women died in 'freak accidents' to which henthorn, 59, was the sole witness. first wife was crushed to death under his jeep while changing a tire and he was named the sole beneficiary of $4.5million life insurance policies. now he wants to use the money to pay for the defense in his trial for her murder.
actress patsy kensit says duchess of cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette' in interview with stylist magazine. she said she is a'regal inspiration' for her charity work. the royal has been criticised for her demure dress sense in the past.
uno, just three weeks old, and louie, a full-grown dalmatian, were together at home in spokane, washington, earlier this month. pogue family recently adopted the kitten, who was snuggled up to louie.
mario valencia took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon, arizona on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left the store. the weapon should have been locked and police chasing him were told he could not fire the loaded gun. he was later taken out by an officer who hit him with his vehicle. the gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it.
up to 150 protesters have taken to the streets of brisbane to protest against van hire company wicked campers. the group spray painted over offensive slogans on the side of campervans. over 120,000 people petitioned to have the slogans removed from the vans. the company's ceo john webb promised to remove the slogans within six months. members of wicked pickets protest group have started painting over the slogans.
william smith wanted to remind himself of his mother, alison overton, after her death from leukaemia. the 14-year-old hanged himself four months after she died in august last year. he wore his mother's favourite bandana and sprayed her perfume around the house. teenager from grimsby was discovered by his grandmother on the day of his death. inquest into his death recorded a verdict of misadventure at an inquest into the teenager's death.
two famous wrestlers, balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'le choc' at demba diop stadium in dakar, senegalese capital.   wrestling is only practised in senegal and has boomed in popularity since the 2002 world cup.
there are now 1.02million men in the uk who have opted to work reduced hours compared to 4.58million women. 14 per cent rise in the number of men opting to work part-time in the last two years. men make up one in 10 parents who care for children or family full-time. one million men have chosen to work as they become more involved in childcare or are retiring gradually.
john potter, from savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. he passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became unofficial part of the ship's history. in 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the picture in an antique frame.
only the liberal democrats had promised to add first aid to the school curriculum. labour, ukip and the green party added their support to mail on sunday's campaign. it means conservatives are the only major party not to make the same manifesto pledge. shadow health secretary andy burnham said the issue was 'close to his heart'
new study highlights the areas in washington, oregon and california that would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground. 94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states. 70 per cent of the communities are equipped to evacuate in 15 to 25 minutes. some communities can increase their chance of survival by walking faster.
qantas could be fined £20,000 for every time they arrive late at heathrow airport. the airline could loose eight of their eight landing strips at the busy airport. qantas have slipped to a ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use the airport. air congestion at dubai and air traffic delays are to blame.
the queen and prince philip attended traditional easter sunday service at st george's chapel at windsor castle. joined by princess beatrice and sophie, countess of wessex, autumn phillips and lady louise windsor. duke and duchess of cambridge were absent from the service as they are due in australia today.
former prime minister said he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich' in interview with newsweek magazine. mr blair said he has 'done british' and is now more interested in working at a 'global level'   he spoke about his multi-million pound earnings after joining the election campaign for labour. he earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles and charges £250,000 for public speaking.
bryan morseman, 29, from bath, new york, ran three marathons in eight days to raise money for his son leeim, who has spina bifida, a developmental congenital disorder. he earned $5,750 in winnings from the races, all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son. since 2008, bryan has won 23 of the 42 26.2-mile races he has participated in.
police have identified 25 people who claim labour peer attacked them and each could claim for up to £100,000. one man has already instructed lawyers to sue lord janner and leicestershire county council. janner's solicitor says it is 'only way alleged victims are going to get justice'   director of public prosecutions alison saunders has been accused of ignoring the rights of victims.
cairns father was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor for treating his two-year-old daughter with medical cannabis oil. the little girl was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma. the father was refused access to his daughter and has been unable to see her since january. he has pleaded for the government to legalise the drug and drop the charges against him. the toddler's mother, who is estranged from the father, does not agree with his actions. the dad has now been allowed to see his daughter in hospital but she is in a critical condition.
president barack obama and his wife, michelle, paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year on an adjusted gross income of $477,000. their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent. the obamas donated $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities. the white house released the couple's tax returns ahead of the filing deadline.
shae-lee shackleford, lana kington, and madison lloyd have appeared on the ellen show and good morning america. the comedy sketch group rose to fame after their video of themselves miming to queen's bohemian rhapsody went viral. their videos have so far been viewed 260 million times across social media. the three models have made appearances on the us to appear on chat shows.    the trio's original video has garnered a staggering 260 million views on youtube.
alexandra harra, 28, has a ba degree in creative writing and classics. now lives in miami and is a life coach and author. appeared on the cover of playboy romania. recently dyed her hair black to look more like the reality star.
neuroscientists at john hopkins medical school in baltimore have identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on sarcasm. stroke patients with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the brain are unable to detect sarcasm . stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise sarcasm when listening to sentences.
melissa borg has been missing from her baulkham hills home since last thursday. the 13-year-old left home at 7:30am and made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills in sydney. she never made it to class and her father reported her missing to police. police have questioned her school friends about her mysterious disappearance.
national front leader marine le pen accused her father jean-marie of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into the political mainstream. she has blocked her father's return to the far-right party and accused him of committing 'political suicide'   last week he defended his previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'  mr le pen was quoted as calling france's spanish-born prime minister manuel valls 'the immigrant' and defending philippe petain.
newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your needs. eyeko london's bespoke mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes. cover fx custom cover drops is a new alternative to foundation. department stores and beauty shops are also taking note of the trend.
british airways suffered three plane diversions in just over 24 hours of ba planes over the weekend. a medical emergency and two technical issues meant long delays for passengers. one flight was forced to return to baku, azerbaijan after reports of an engine fire. three planes into heathrow were diverted to paris charles de gaulle and london.
jane laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband david laut. she was accused of shooting him in the head outside their california home on august 28, 2009. the charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on friday in a ventura county courtroom. laut claims she was acting in self-defense and that her husband was an abusive husband. dave laut won a bronze medal in the 1984 olympics in los angeles.
ted loveday helped gonville and caius college, cambridge defeat magdalen college, oxford in final of university challenge. he managed to answer 10 starter questions in the last round of the bbc quiz show. mr loveday revealed his team revised for the show by watching youtube videos and researching possible questions.
designer eason chow, 25, from singapore, took inspiration from sugar-coated sweets in gumball machines. he believes his dissolvable coffee pods will solve the problem of the rising waste generated from coffee capsules. mr chow has also made a stackable coffee maker to use the pods with. the pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost £80.
claire nugent, 43, and nigel morter, 47, have been married for 14 years. they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b. they spent £400 on a 40s loo - it took them four months to find one.
senators voted 19-0 to give the white house some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving congress the authority to approve a final deal with iran. the bill could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers. senate foreign relations committee was reviewing the nuclear agreement review act of 2015. the president's spokesman said the president would be willing to sign the bill if senators watered it down to a vote to later vote on congressional sanctions.
candice-marie fox claims to have cured her cancer with a'magic diet'   she is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details. ms fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 and underwent surgery and radiation treatment. bloggers have questioned her claims and demanded 'irrefutable proof' of her claims. she has pledged to release her medical records after critics questioned claims.
no other city in the world has as many buildings on the unesco world heritage list as barcelona. andrea catherwood stayed at the hotel arts, a 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel. the city is a city of contrasting art and architecture with a beach alongside it.
the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson, missouri on saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last august. the black caucus of the american library association donated the tree and it was planted. but by sunday morning, the tree had been ripped down, leaving just a shard of the trunk and the memorial plaque. the ferguson police department is investigating the incident as vandalism.
millie-belle diamond is 14 months old and has 115,000 instagram followers. she is the world's most famous baby under two on instagram. her mother schye fox started posting cute photos of her when she was two months old. the toddler from sydney's northern beaches earns up to $250 per post for wearing designer clothes.
cressida bonas, 26, unveiled as mulberry's new ambassador for spring/summer 2015 collection. model and dancer shows off her modelling skills in new shoot for the luxury fashion house. cressida is the youngest daughter of aristocrat lady mary-gaye curzon and entrepreneur jeffrey bonas. she found fame as prince harry's girlfriend and has since turned to acting and modelling.
little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home. but when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument. she was caught red-handed by her mother.
comedian posted picture of extreme huntress winner rebecca francis lying next to a dead giraffe and smiling. 14,543 people retweeted it - with some calling it 'a special kind of psychopathy'   grandmother-of-nine francis is passionate about hunting - and regularly posts pictures of her kills.
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island, new york, in october 2012. she was swept away by waves and was almost killed in the storm. but in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery. dennis krauss and ms diano said they plan to spend their winnings on a new house. both of them were left homeless after losing their homes in the hurricane.
the cocaine, valued by the coast guard at $424 million, was seized by u.s. and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america. it included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter. authorities have called it the most successful run for drug seizures in the area since 2009. more than 28 tons of cocaine valued at $848 million have been seized in the last six months.
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses. footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away. while some viewers have deemed her licking session 'cute', others have been less impressed.
nikki kelly believed she was suffering from period cramps and decided to have a quiet night in. 24-year-old gave birth to son james, now three months, in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor. miss kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy, and had no cravings. she and her partner, aaron swallow, 27, have put an offer in on a house so they can live together as a family.
david zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as ceo of discovery communications it was revealed on friday. this thanks to the success of shows like shark week and his running of networks like own. he received $144million in awards for his six-year contract. this is more than the $93million made by cbs chairman sumner redstone and les moonves.
adriana giogiosa, 55, was reported missing by her brother after he was unable to contact her. spanish police found blood and industrial meat grinder at the home of her landlord in madrid. 32-year-old spanish man has been arrested in connection with her disappearance. police also found a list of three other tenants who are also thought to be missing at the house. the landlord, a man with a history of psychological problems, has been charged with murder.
two of the alleged ringleaders of the anzac day terror plot were 'associates' of abdul numan haider. a friend of the men claims the death of numan was the moment 'we all became more radical'   the two men attended haider's funeral. sevdet ramadan besim, 18, was charged with planning to carry out an attack. he was one of two 18-year-old men arrested for allegedly planning a terror attack in melbourne. the other man was held in jail under tough new terror laws.
thief posed as a member of congregation at st james' church in manchester to steal pensioner's handbag. he tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women's bags before fleeing the scene. incident happened at church on good friday and police have released e-fit image of the man.
man, 29, from california, tore a tendon in his thumb after playing game candy crush saga for weeks. he had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks - but reported he felt no pain at all. he was in between jobs and had just left the military when he tore the tendon. doctors said his case shows video games can numb people’s pain and numb the pain of an injury.
marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the princeton complex in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9. the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido' and'sexual discomfort'   she recently filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria to seek compensation for her injuries.
the sinkhole appeared on a hillside in north-western china after locals noticed the ground was getting warmer. experts think a coal seam may have spontaneously combusted below ground. the temperature has been measured at 792c from two metres away. geologists can't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is.
bar sales in scotland have fallen by 60 per cent since the new drink-driving limit was introduced. the country's financial growth is being blamed for a poor result in latest pmi report. publicans fear the new laws will have a greater effect on bars than the 2006 smoking ban.
jordan spieth was a junior at jesuit high school in dallas when he was on a scholarship. the masters champion wrote the letter to the murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. spieth wrote that he earned the scholarship from a work grant program. the 21-year-old was already the no. 1 junior golfer in the country at the time.
alinea, run by the talented grant achatz has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world, the annual poll by luxury magazine elite traveler revealed. the eatery is chicago’s only three-michelin-starred restaurant. el celler de can roca, spain, came in second place. the top 10 featured four american restaurants which are all in new york. the us has 19 of the best restaurants, followed by france and the uk.
most aussies are planning to travel abroad between may and august. seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe.    number one is the ancient city of athens in greece, followed by istanbul - the cultural and historical heart of turkey. the number of australians travelling overseas has increased in recent years.
anneli tiirik, 23, said she did not blame co-pilot andreas lubitz for the death of her boyfriend paul bramley, 28. he was killed when he locked the captain out of the cockpit of germanwings flight. but she said he changed his flight 'at the last moment'    she waited for him at manchester airport and knew 'the worst had happened' when a relative came to pick her up.
prime minister david cameron will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties. will allow all 1.3million families in housing association homes to buy their home. subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive homes. he will call the tories 'the party of working people' and promise to link minimum wage to income tax. original right-to-buy scheme became lady thatcher's most famous single policy.
kenya air force jets bomb two compounds in gondodowe and ismail, bordering somalia. comes after it was claimed kenyan special forces took seven hours to respond to garissa university massacre. elite troops were called in to aid in the pre-dawn attack but did not arrive until 2pm. one of the four gunmen responsible for the massacre has been identified as a lawyer son of a government official.
man walked into a hospital in china and threatened a nurse with a knife. nurse long yufang was being held hostage by a bare-chested man in the emergency department. accident and emergency doctor lin xikun walked in and offered to swap places with her. he kept the hostage taker calm until the police arrived.
barbie is the 96th image to come up when you enter the search term 'ceo' on google images. image is of a doll which first appeared in the 80s, dressed in a miniskirt and clutching a briefcase. high-powered women have re-tweeted the results of the search.
kevin cooper and trewen kevern accused of murdering david alderson, 72, in january last year. he was found dead in an abandoned copper mine in cornwall, devon. police originally thought he had died in a cycling accident because he was dressed in lycra. pair allegedly beat him and left him to drown in pond before stealing £40,000 from a safe.
stephanie scott was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton on easter sunday. the 26-year-old was due to marry fiance aaron leeson-woolley on april 11. her family say she is'so in love' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet. ms scott's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the search for their daughter. they fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'    a month before her wedding she texted her sister to say she was'so freakin excited'
peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 to report accidentally shooting his ex-wife, margaret, as she slept in their suburban atlanta home early new year's day. the shooting left margaret mccollsom paralyzed below the waist. investigators found no evidence that he was trying to hurt margaret. mccollom was indicted on wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge.
royston coates is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding a man in a random attack in 2013. he posted a string of pictures from inside his jail cell showing off his muscles and muscles. he encouraged friends to call him on his mobile and watch tv from prison. prison authorities shut down his facebook account after being alerted to the posts. it comes a day after a murderer was filmed partying in jail and drinking prison hooch.
many women make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster. average woman spends £18,000 on products for her face in her lifetime. femail asked dermatologists to share their top tips for getting the best from skincare. don't only use spf on holiday and never sleep with your hair down.
c curt almond, 26, from bristol, spent at least £40 a week buying new calvin klein boxers for a year. he bought 365 pairs of boxers - and threw most of them into the bin after just one wear. but after wiping out most of his savings, he feared he was in debt and needed to wean himself off addiction. he has now reverted back to wearing new boxers and has saved himself thousands.
ballyfin has been named by condé nast traveller as the grandest hotel in ireland. only 20 rooms on the 614 acre estate at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains. kim and kanye stayed at the five-star hotel during their honeymoon last year. the famous couple visited the 18th-century manor hotel last may.
'kick and kill' vaccine could flush out dormant hiv hiding in white blood cells before stimulating body's immune system to kill the cells. could be as powerful as the most potent combination of drugs to cure hiv. study looked at a 59-year-old man in london who was an 'elite controller' of the virus.
labour leader visited gurdwara - a sikh temple - during a campaign tour of the midlands. but his team banned national media journalists from the event. mr miliband donned a red head-covering to comply with sikh customs. sikh community leader davinder singh said labour leader's behaviour was 'offensive' and 'touching on racism'
sandra malcolm's body was discovered at her home in cape town, south africa. her grandson found her body after climbing through a window when nobody answered the door. the 74-year-old was originally from dundee in scotland and was planning to return to visit family next month.
progressive education experts in uk have long pushed for our system to emulate group work and independent study. new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has declined since country embraced fashionable teaching methods. finland has regularly topped international league tables but has slipped down rankings tables. report author: gabriel heller sahlgren said the methods 'are not good for test scores'
man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside a mcdonald's restaurant. video captures the moment her boyfriend pops the question inside the restaurant where she works. the couple embrace and embrace after she says 'yes' to the proposal. their friends filming the video call for free happy meals for the happy couple.
harrowing images of the killing are being shared by supporters of the terror group on social media. show victim lying in pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back and surrounded by prayer beads. one of those distributing the images is a man claiming to be a british militant fighting for isis. the man is accused of practising sorcery and witchcraft in iraq's salah al-din province. execution took place as iraqi forensic teams working in newly liberated city of tikrit started exhuming bodies from mass graves.
david cameron bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in boulton on wednesday. ed miliband, ed balls and nick clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with children. george osborne and gordon brown are also known to annoy children.
a new study shows that 70 percent of women who live alone are more likely to have a university degree. a quarter of australians have opted for solo living. women in sydney's affluent eastern suburbs make up nearly 60 percent of solo households. many female solo-dwellers are being labelled as sad, lonely and socially isolated. the majority have university degrees, reputable careers and healthy social lives.
riddick bowe was once the world's best heavyweight boxer and reportedly had $15million fortune. the 46-year-old offered to 'tweet anything' for people who credit him through paypal. bowe posted a message to his 450,000 followers offering to post tweets for $20. the boxing champion has since posted messages asking for dates and promoting companies. in the 1990s bowe became the first man to beat evander holyfield and was rumoured to be worth $15m.
justin whittington, 23, was arrested on friday in bakersfield, california, and charged with child cruelty for allegedly punching his three-year-old son in the face. he has since been released from custody and posted a facebook post claiming the incident is a'misunderstanding'   he claims his pregnant wife was chasing his son around the store beforehand.
fraser ross, who founded the company, is embroiled in a legal dispute after being accused of swearing at staff. company running kitson branch in los angeles airport has filed a lawsuit to end business relationship. kitson is popular with celebrities including victoria beckham and lady gaga. despite bearing the kitson name, the two stores in lax are not run by mr ross.
hannah mcwhirter, 21, engaged in threesome with co-worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in july 2013. she even exchanged texts with the couple after the ménage a trois. but when her boyfriend found out she claimed she had been raped. she has now admitted wasting police time with false rape claims.
keith anthony allen, 27, of columbus pleaded not guilty monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition. he is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since september and fondling a third girl. allen could face a life sentence if convicted of having sex with a child under 13.
former soldier john young, 66, and his new wife elaine, 54, were sat in the front room of their home in oldham, greater manchester. thugs were pelting his front window with stones when he opened the door to confront them. mr young was struck in the face with a brick and taken to hospital but doctors could not save his left eye. he was left blinded in one eye after being hit by the brick through his front door. attack occurred just three weeks after the couple married just 14 months ago. police said there appears to be no motive for the attack and it could be a case of yobs'messing around'
a russian warship and two bombers strayed close to uk territory in apparent attempt to test britain's defences. a destroyer and two other russian ships entered the english channel along with two other ships. royal navy sent a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels and two typhoon fighter jets were scrambled. just hours later, two russian long-range bear bombers hugged british airspace. sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to'snoop' on a nato war games exercise in scotland.
female cyclist was killed in accident close to lambeth bridge near houses of parliament at 9.30am today. witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under the lorry. incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries. cycle campaigners have organised a 'vigil and die-in' at the site.
michael slager is facing murder charges for shooting walter scott in the back in north charleston, south carolina, on april 4. but prosecutors say he won't face the death penalty because the killing did not include any of the 12 conditions of the penalty. slager was charged with murder after dash cam footage emerged of him firing a taser at a black man. julius garnett wilson is now filing a lawsuit against the police officer.
two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects. the robshaws sample insects in tonight's final episode of bbc two's back in time for dinner. the family are served the food of the future on the show.   they are served a meal of cricket tacos, asian worm stir fry and cricket kebabs.
maarij khan and his mother mushammat are set to be deported from their home in newcastle. home office turned down their bid to stay in the uk after their visa expired. 3,500 people have signed a petition to stop them being sent to bangladesh. schoolboy's 10-year-old brother saffat died of meningitis last month after a battle with cancer.
black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh. dating from 1250, it contains some of the earliest references to arthur and merlin. researchers recovered images using combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software. the faces are only visible under uv light and are invisible to the naked eye.
martina riccioni and her best friend antoinettia caffero, 21, were involved in a head-on collision in perth on easter monday. she was killed at the scene of the accident. her family cannot afford to bring her body home to be buried. they have started a crowdfunding appeal to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body. the appeal on 'go fund me' has already raised more than $13,000.
the owner of the bunny baker cafe in manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth at no extra cost. graphic artist zach yonzon runs the cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas. he has even detailed the face of boxer manny pacquiao into a cup of coffee.
london estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house in enfield to value a house. the house was rigged with secret cameras, microphones and booby traps to make it appear possessed by a ghost. the prank was a part of sky living's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama, the enfield haunting. the estate agents are subject to hilarious pranks and reactions.
more than 70 teenagers were involved in a violent brawl at a 'facebook' party in brisbane's south. police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm on tuesday night. the violent conflict was captured by queensland police helicopter. four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old man. members of the serbian community centre tried to break up the fight.
police in manchester have issued a warning to parents over the game, known as'sleeper' after child was taken to hospital. greater manchester police officers believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents. child is believed to have had underlying health problems and is expected to make a full recovery. prank involves children suffocating another child until they pass out in playground.
donald sterling, 80, had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks. v. stiviano, 32, has been ordered to return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts. his wife shelly sterling has said she took the woman to court 'for justice'   but shelly insisted on wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money. donald sterling is still suing his wife and the nba over the $2 billion sale of the clippers.
coronation street star samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon spent four nights in new york. the couple visited the world trade center and paid their respects to those killed on 9/11. samia also enjoyed a bateaux new yorks cruise of the hudson river.
the contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue. scientists from the university of wollongong won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013. the design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and electric conductivity.
jack henry doshay, 22, was arrested last week after allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from skyline elementary school in solana beach, california. he is the son of a prominent san diego businessman and was charged with kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty. he was arrested nine days after the incident at a residential facility where he was receiving treatment for depression. the girl was freed when teachers and parents at the school heard her screaming for help.
two marques finished bottom of a 38-strong table of vehicle manufacturers judged on reliability. list price of bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700, yet manufacturer and porsche finished bottom of the table. the most reliable was honda and the least reliable was audi rs6.
homeland security and immigration and customs officials stormed properties associated with 239 crime syndicates. more than 1,200 people were arrested in six-week operation known as project wildfire. at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault. many of the alleged gang members were forced to reveal their tattoos after they were arrested.
jackson byrnes, 18, was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. he has flown to sydney for a risky operation to remove the tumour. renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo is the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the risky operation. jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront for the surgery. the family needs $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees. the operation will likely see jackson paralysed and he needs the money by tuesday night.
raghunandan yandamuri, 29, of king of prussia, pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder but says that he would rather be executed than continue with his lawyers. he was convicted in the stabbing death of 10-month-old saanvi venna and her grandmother satayrathi venna, 61, in 2012. he had served as his own lawyer before being convicted of murder and accused the attorneys of not responding to his calls or letters.
security researchers suggest around 1,000 ios apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from afnetworking. this includes uber, microsoft's onedrive and movies by flixster. the flaw was first reported at the end of last month and affects version 2.5.1 of the software. 40 per cent of the apps are not using the section of the library that applies to secure connections.
dave roberts is in the running to become the mayor of middlesbrough and jumped off transporter bridge over the river tees. he followed in the footsteps of his great-great-uncle daniel mcallister who jumped to his death in 1913. mr roberts, 50, jumped off bridge for a children's charity and said 'daniel, this one's for you'   he is running for mayor of the town and asked residents to stump up £2.50 to support him and raise money for the mfc foundation.
bol manyang, one, his four-year-old sister hanger and twins madit and anger were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew's church in werribee on saturday morning.    mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang were at the ceremony. the three children died when their mother's car crashed into a lake in melbourne on april 8. awel, 5, survived the accident and believes her siblings were eaten by crocodiles. police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a lake at wyndham vale.
wat pa luangta bua yanasampanno has been told all 147 tigers must be handed over to national parks department by friday. the temple, just outside of bangkok, does not have permits for the big cats. animal rights activists have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the tigers. the tigers will be rehoused at a wildlife breeding centre.
giuliana rancic and jerry o'connell were pictured together at the maxim hot 100 party in las vegas in june of 2004. jerry was 'talking up rebecca as a prelude to feeling up' the x-men actress. she had just announced her separation with actor john stamos just two months prior. the couple married in 2007 and have two children.
ian harris, 51, from brighton, east sussex, is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster. his followers believe the colander is a religious garment and he wants to wear it in his driving licence photo. he has already been turned down once by the dvla but has sent off a second appeal. he says it is equivalent to muslim women being pictured in hijabs.
the curious canine kitchen opens for one weekend only (11 to 12 april) in shoreditch, london . menu was devised by event organiser natty mason who worked with whole foods chef emily stevenson. all proceeds will be donated to charity.
the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan's west village. the break shut down three train lines in both directions. around 500 riders were forced out of the subway. as much as 2 feet of murky water had accumulated in some places. the water main break also affected businesses and a major hospital.
ted koran, 59, claims he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes by the va suicide hotline on saturday night. he was struggling with depression after his wife passed away from cancer. only the thought of the 60 rescue animals he and his wife cared for stopped him from ending his life. 22 veterans end their lives every day across the us.
dr. fredric brandt was found hanged inside his coconut grove home on sunday morning. police report reveals he was suffering from extreme depression and wanted to kill himself. brandt's friend john joseph hupert was staying with the doctor at the time of his death. the plastic surgeon was found by a friend inside the garage of his miami home.    he was 'definitely hurt' by his portrayal in netflix's unbreakable kimmy schmidt, a show that lampooned his appearance and was written by tina fey.
rebecca adlington, 26, is eight months pregnant with her first child. she is expecting a baby girl and can't wait to 'feel myself again' after the baby is born. the gold medal winning athlete says she gained extra pounds in the early stages of her pregnancy. she has been swimming and going to the gym to keep fit during pregnancy.
sutherland shire council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach. cronulla beach and wanda beach are often bypassed by tourists due to a shortage of accommodation. many locals have already had a negative response to the backpackers parking their vans illegally on the streets. mayor kent johns is keen to attract more tourists but keep away those who act in an unwelcome manner.
christine carriage, 67, was handed a six-month suspended sentence at norwich crown court. police found 1,337 items of clothing, shoes and handbags at her home in bowthorpe, norwich. 340 of the items still had price tags on and police found an eight foot clothes rail bending under the weight. she was found with son shane carriage, 45, and grandson luke hall in november 2013.
image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning'    upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than one per cent of lightning travels in an ‘upwards’ direction. storm chaser dan robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where a viewer is stood. the bolt appears to rise and loop up from the cloud before striking the ground.
carlos toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the medellin cartel in the 1980s. he fled from colombia fearing for his life after a confrontation with his boss. toro worked as an informant for the dea and helped carry out undercover stings around the world. he was told he would be rewarded with us citizenship but retired and is now technically living in the us illegally. he is facing deportation from the united states after working for dea as an undercover operative for 27 years.
taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' that would make children sick. mother-of-three farhina touseef is leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door offering free vaccines to parents. more than 80 health workers have been slaughtered by the taliban. there have been 322 cases of polio in pakistan in the last two years, the majority of them children under three.
new york city, zurich and london are some of the world's most budget-busting cities. a stroll through times square or a visit to london's free museums are no-cost activities. many low-cost hotels and hostels offer rooms for under £100 per night in manhattan.
father-of-one szilveszter, 24, injected petroleum jelly into his penis as he wanted to make it bigger. his penis became swollen and inflammed and he was unable to have sex with his wife. he feared he would never be able to have more children after the procedure. he turned to extreme beauty disasters for help as he was in constant pain.
on nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in farmingdale, new jersey. the baby, who was named 'emma grace' by a local church, was discovered by a recycling facility employee. investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in orange township. new jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered in an attempt to track down the child's mother.
tori hester, 25, was diving in cabo pulmo when the huge school of fish began circling above her. husband jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera. she was diving off the coast of mexico when the 'fish tornado' appeared.
tim mcgraw is facing backlash from conservative fans after agreeing to headline a connecticut concert in support of a pro gun control charity. the country star is scheduled to raise money for the sandy hook promise group on july 17. he said that one of his band members is good friends with musician mark barden who lost a child in the 2012 sandy hook elementary school shooting. opening act bill currington walked away from the project after the backlash and said he supports gun ownership.
caitlin kellie-jones suffered from hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, a type of brain damage. caitlin was placed in a special cooling wrap to keep her body temperature at 33.5 degrees. she was diagnosed with the condition minutes after she was born. medics gave her hypothermia in a bid to prevent any brain damage and keep her alive. she is now 10 months old and has recovered from the illness. her parents nicola and paul are raising money to help other babies in need of cooling machines.
brooke geherman, from alberta, canada, posted a video of her young son, kowen, flushing his pet goldfish down the toilet. the boy, named top, is devastated by the loss of his beloved pet. he cradles the goldfish and kisses it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move. as the fish swirls around the toilet bowl, he realises he will never see top again.
pedro hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old etan patz, whose disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement in 1979.    he confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades. the defense has suggested that the real killer is a convicted pedophile jailed in pennsylvania who was the longtime suspect.
extraordinary aerial photographs taken above whitefish bay on eastern lake superior, ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across frozen expanse. they are carrying goods from canadian grain to us iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks. the biggest ice cover on north america’s great lakes in decades is backing up shipping deliveries.
joshua finbow, 23, craig stoner, 24, simon radford, 31, and darren smalley, 35, charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault. men were taking part in royal navy ice-hockey team tour of nova scotia. allegedly attacked a 21-year-old civilian woman at a party at shearwater naval base in canada on april 10. the men were arrested six days later and charged by military police in dartmouth, canada.
hadas from eritrea, africa, had 'the cut' when she was just a few months old. now lives in the uk and talks about her experience of being circumcised. her mother took her to have the procedure as she was a baby. hadas is not angry with her mother for taking her to be circumcised in her culture. she was brought to uk by sex traffickers and was separated from her family.   she has found support from children's charity the nspcc to deal with the consequences of fgm.
video taken in forecourt of sunoco gas station in philadelphia shows five people, including two children, attacking the 51-year-old man. they stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless on the ground. it is believed to have been caused by a boy, 10, telling his mother the homeless man hit him. the boy's mother, aleathea gillard, 34, and a family friend, shareena joachim, 24, have been charged with attempted murder.
eharmony study finds 54 per cent of single women say the best part of being single is to go home and straight to bed. but for men, the best perk is the 'variety of sexual partners'    women spend less time actively looking for dates than men, spending only 38 minutes a week. while women want love, men spend half the time looking for'mr right'  men and women both struggle with the lonely part of single life, with 33 per cent saying having too much alone time is the hardest part.
former plumber sean crawford turns dead animals into works of art. he has come under fire for his taxidermy sculptures at traffic jam galleries in sydney. mr crawford uses animals that have been killed during hunting for meat or pest control. he said some religious people find his work 'a bit ungodly' but he maintains he's only used animal parts that would have gone to waste. he was commissioned to build the cloak of remembrance for anzac day at the new zealand embassy.
david lammy said snp was a party labour could 'do business with' in the event of another hung parliament.   it comes amid warnings snp will hold labour to 'ransom' if it holds balance of power in parliament. former prime minister john major will today warn of 'daily dose of blackmail' from snp. mr miliband has insisted he would not form a coalition with the snp after the election.
alborz destroyer and bushehr support vessel sail to the gulf of aden to protect iranian shipping from piracy. washington has accelerated moves to supply weapons to the saudi coalition. eleven people were killed in clashes in yemen's main southern city aden overnight. iran-allied houthi movement has taken most of yemen and forced president to flee to riyadh.
yassir ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in birmingham on suspicion of stealing a silver bmw 1 series. he drove at 80 miles an hour through birmingham, ignoring red lights and on the wrong side of the road. ali was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving following the high-speed chase.
toronto-born crombie was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of the wizard of oz. he was best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels. the actor died on wednesday night in new york after suffering a brain hemorrhage. was the son of former toronto mayor and canadian cabinet minister   he was never screen-tested for the role.
child was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family from manchester when he walked across mudflats. he became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in a hovercraft. the boy was unhurt in the incident and was flown back to the beach unharmed.
robert kennedy jr used the term while promoting a film that links autism to a chemical found in vaccines. he publicly retracted his statement on monday after a storm of criticism. nephew of president john f kenn kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey effects of autism.
tamara pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old georgina bagnall-oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors. she was trying to sell bayswater mews house from under owner's nose. 56- year-old's daughter-in-law and bejamin khoury, who also admitted fraud, also escaped jail.
the dea program was created for the drug enforcement agency in 1992. it monitored every telephone call made from the united states to up to 116 countries on a watch list for drug trafficking. the program was used to infiltrate drug trafficking rings. it was the oldest known example of the american government tracking phone calls. the dea was a model for the national security agency.
a new york city woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera. on monday afternoon, a man crawled through a window and stole her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment. the woman, who is not being named, has handed the video over to police. the thief took her computer, jewelry and a digital camera.
the 18-carat gold irish freedom box was a gift to lord uxbridge for his heroics at the battle of waterloo. he is said to have stoically remarked 'by god, sir, i've lost my leg' after losing his leg to a cannonball. his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a tourist attraction. the gold trinket box was sold by bonhams to a private collector for £100,900.
michelle heale of tom's river, new jersey has been found guilty of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment but acquitted of murder. she claimed she was trying to burp 14-month-old mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce in august 2012. when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy. she has been convicted of killing mason and faces 30 years in prison.
harvey weinsten was spotted looking relaxed and chipper outside his new york city townhouse on thursday while wife georgina chapman has been busy working on her upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal fashion show for her brand marchesa. ambra battilana claims the movie executive groped her during a business meeting. no charges have been filed against weinstein at this time and he has cooperated with authorities. chapman was joined by the couple's son dashiell in her design studio on wednesday.
mario balotelli receives the most abuse online, with more than 8,000 messages directed at him. danny welbeck receives 1,700, 60 per cent of which related to sexual orientation. chelsea receive the greatest volume of discriminatory messages on social media. an abusive message is directed at a premier league club or one of their players every 2.6 minutes.
crystal o'connor, owner of memories pizza in walkerton, indiana, says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding. she has closed her business after telling a local news station she would not serve pizza at a gay marriage ceremony.   $850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days, and she has said she will reopen again. she says she does not hate gay people, and that she just does not support gay marriage. the pizzeria has been in operation for nine years.
pensioner margaret rylance realised her money was going missing from her bank account. her concerns were put down to her suffering from alzheimer's disease. her son david rylrance, 47, spent the money on gambling, a holiday and cinema tickets. he admitted theft and fraud and was jailed for two years and three months.
sprawling house built on the site of an old telephone exchange in chelsea, west london, is 18 times the size of the average new home. it is sold for 300 times the average price of home in england and wales - but buyer also has to pay £7.6m in stamp duty. stamp duty alone is enough for the treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses. the house has nine bedrooms, nine bathrooms, a cinema, a japanese water garden and indoor swimming pool.
body of barway edwin collins, 10, was found in mississippi river on saturday by searchers from a boy scout troop. he has been missing from crystal, minnesota, for nearly four weeks. barway's father, 33-year-old pierre collins is a primary suspect in the homicide investigation. crystal police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy's father was in that area at the time he disappeared. pierre is a 'primary suspect' as the case becomes a homicide investigation .
more than 500,000 people visit abbey road studios every year, but the doors have been closed to the public since 1931. the studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast of the beatles. a new web app takes users on a virtual tour of the studios and zebra crossing. the studio has hosted every major name in music for 80 years.
lib dem leader's wife miriam said the party's mps 'deserve' to be re-elected in may after putting the country above their party for five years 'at great personal cost'   she hit the campaign trail on her own as mr clegg said she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the party. she appeared alongside lib dem home office minister lynne featherstone in north london.
jourdan dunn, 24, was severely bullied at school and had to be home-schooled. the supermodel was the first black model to walk for prada in a decade. she said she felt 'physically sick' looking in the mirror when she was being bullied. she has since criticised the fashion industry for its lack of black models.
faiz ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on thursday with aggravated kidnapping after allegedly dumping his three-year-old daughter, aliya, in an illinois trash can. the child was found by a passer-by wandering alone near a forest preserve in prospect heights, illinois, tuesday. ikrumulla was arrested in mary 2014 in portage, wisconsin, for allegedly attacking police during a traffic stop and shouting 'god is great' in arabic.
judy eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead's restaurant in kansas city last week and declares that it's the only job's she's ever had or ever wanted. on april, 6, 1965 eddinngfield began working at the restaurant where she was trained by her mother who had been employed at the classic burger restaurant for 13 years. judy says she was just 15-years-old when she spilled a shake all over a woman's fur coat on her first day on the job. she even met her first husband outside the restaurant and the pair married 18-months-later.
the 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill. he told classmates he was planning to 'kill all the teachers' at joan fuster institute in barcelona. the boy was detained and is undergoing a psychiatric examination after the attack. he is believed to have killed a male teacher and injured two students and two teachers. the teen was armed with a machete and crossbow and attacked his female catalan teacher and her daughter. the male substitute teacher was shot and killed as he tried to protect the woman and her teenage daughter. police say the boy has been arrested and is being questioned.
secret service and national park service are recommending the addition of spikes to the white house's perimeter fence. a moat around the presidential mansion was under consideration, but the government was concerned about having to retrieve people from the water. the new spikes will be bolted on to the existing fence and will be installed over the next year.
royal dutch shell plc said it has filed a complaint in federal court in alaska seeking an order to remove greenpeace activists. six activists boarded the polar pioneer drill rig in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic. the activists plan to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to arctic drilling. the rig is just 750 miles northwest of hawaii and is under contract to shell.
cps confirmed director of public prosecutions consulted neil moore over whether to prosecute lord janner. mrs saunders' legal adviser was a barrister at 23 essex street where daniel janner worked. senior police officers have reportedly raised concerns about mr moore's involvement.
monitoring by hebridean whale and dolphin trust teams has seen the number of encounters with common dolphins off the west of scotland increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years. common dolphins were once a rare sight in the hebrides, preferring warmer waters further south. experts believe global warming has led to pods moving north. the shift north could be creating new opportunities for the dolphins to find food in new areas.
note was spotted in the window of a chip shop in london and was circulated on twitter this week. in it the owner laments the fact that he was going youth hosteling with his family. the note was left for his customers when he went on holiday with his wife.
researchers at the technical university of braunschweig, germany, showed that passive smoking affects plants too. they found peppermint plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke. finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high levels of nicotine in them. nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the european union in 2009.
daniel filmus said britain's decision to increase military spending in south atlantic was 'gunboat diplomacy'    he said military conflict 'belongs to the past' and ruled out another conflict. argentina's secretary of state for the islands said it will mount a legal challenge against british companies. foreign secretary philip hammond branded the comments 'outrageous'
andreas lubitz, 27, may have spiked captain patrick sodenheimer's coffee to remove him from the flight deck. investigators examining computer belonging to co-pilot to determine his state of mind before the crash. it has emerged he used his computer to research methods of killing himself. lubbitz crashed the airbus a320 passenger jet into the alps in germanwings crash.
peta spokesperson pamela anderson joined forced with controversial arizona sheriff joe ar arpaio to promote the benefits of a vegetarian diet at the maricopa county jail on wednesday. ar arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year. the jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now. anderson and peta have came under fire for their association with the polarizing ar arpaio, who has long faced criticism that he unfairly targets minorities for law enforcement.
the rare mammal has been making waves at the taiji whale museum in southern japan. while bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the dolphin turns pink when it's feeling emotional. it is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium. the animal was controversially captured during the annual dolphin hunt in january.
charli stewart, from australia, makes an estimated $127,000 a month in ad revenue from her popular youtube channel charliscraftykitchen. she and her five-year-old sister ashlee are raking in an average of 29 million views per month. the mini-martha has turned her channel into youtube's largest food channel in three years.
sophie falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles for ten years. the australian tv presenter, model and mother of two says she discovered the benefits while interviewing hollywood plastic surgeons. khloe kardashian and jessica alba also swear by the corset-like waist trainer.
at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil in colorado. colorado and washington lawmakers are considering limits on making the marijuana concentrate at home. the proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil.
xie hong feng was found dead after falling five floors down an elevator shaft in ningbo city in china. her three-year-old son was accused of pushing her by her neighbour and property manager. she had dropped her keys in the gap between the elevator and the fourth floor. property manager yang shao told police her son pushed her down the shaft. but there is no cctv evidence of the accident and police are investigating the incident.
lucy was discovered in 1974, the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton was the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found. a reconstruction of lucy's skeleton suggests one of the vertebrae bones may belong to a baboon. the bone was found in a bone fragment from the spine of a gelada baboon.
modular robotic vehicle was developed at nasa's johnson space center. can be driven remotely at up to 70mph. can park sideways and spin on the spot. can also be controlled remotely and can be expanded to allow for autonomous driving. has a top speed of 70km/hr and range of 100km.
hattie gladwell, 19, from west sussex, was fitted with an ostomy bag after emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. she had to have her colon removed and a bag fitted after being diagnosed with the condition. hattie has shared her story on her blog morethanyourbag.com. she hopes to rid the stigma around living with a stoma.
the blue jellyfish-like creatures are easily blown to the shores of oregon, california and washington by strong winds. they have a small sail on top of their bodies which allows them to be blown to shore. experts say there are more than usual this year. the creatures are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they start to decompose.
freddo frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g. cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved freddo frogs by 20 per cent but keeping the recommend retail price the same. the miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago. in february, cadbury reduced thesize of their family block of dairy milk by one row of chocolate. nestle has also reduced the sizes of its killer python lolly and smarties boxes.
the system will be able to spot and track drones, then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser. the air defense directed energy on-the-move program is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles. the system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016.
matthew weathers, a maths teacher at biola university in california, often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his youtube channel. he is a teacher at the university and often posts a video of himself . the video shows a virtual teacher arguing with his real teacher in the classroom. the clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student.
janet brown was found naked, gagged with packing tape at the bottom of the stairs of her family home in buckinghamshire. the mother-of-three was murdered at her home 20 years ago by an unknown assailant. detectives believe new dna evidence could help solve the mystery of her murder. mrs brown's body was found by builders at the foot of the staircase of her home in april 1995. there was no evidence of a sexual assault at the crime scene and no arrests have been made.
miley, 22, posed for a social media snap ahead of rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday. miley's underarm hair caused a stir on social media. many users advised the singer to shave her armpits. but loyal fans sprung to her defence, saying she's a woman.
relationship counsellor susan pease gadoua says that traditional weddings set people up for failure. a fixed-term starter marriage would work better for many couples. couples sign a renewable marriage contract known as a 'wedlease'   couples agree to be together for 'two, three, four years - whatever works for you and your partner'
a fracking tanker carrying fracking wastewater exploded at a facility in greeley, colorado, after being struck by lightning in a storm. no one was injured, but the facility has likely been destroyed. the fire erupted about 1 p.m. at the waste water storage facility. the water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum. firefighters had to wait for the explosion risk to subside before extinguishing the fires. another oil tank exploded in karnes city, oklahoma, on friday. the academy of country music festival at globe life park in arlington was also threatened by a thunderstorm.
sasha obama, 14, was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and her family hiked at great falls park in virginia on sunday. the first family abruptly left the white house for an impromptu trip to the national park service's national park week. the trip came after the president had sent reporters home for the day.
photos marking the 50th anniversary of new york city's landmarks law look at the devastating architectural losses that led up to the creation of the law. a new exhibition at the museum of the city of newyork shows the destruction of iconic buildings before they were protected by the city's landmark law. the law turns 50 on sunday. the landmark commission was established to protect historic places and prevent their demolition. the old pennsylvania station was destroyed in 1963 to make way for madison square garden.
paddy power appeared to make light of the recent police shootings on african-americans. tweet was published ahead of liverpool's clash against newcastle tonight. it read: 'newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed black man'   the bookmakers' advert about the outcome of the oscar pistorius murder trial was the most complained about advert in britain last year.
justin bieber and his entourage were trying to gain entry to drake's gig at coachella on sunday night. the singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance and told to leave the festival. he was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and escorted from the event. biebers was reportedly trying to watch drake perform at the festival .
staff attorneys at the u.s. justice department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with time warner cable inc. attorneys investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers. a spokesman for twc questioned the reports saying that the company has been working productively with both the doj and the federal communications commission. just two months ago, comcast ceo brian roberts said officials are excited about the merger and the planning for regulatory approval was on schedule.
jamie silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy in the death of her mother cheryl silv onek, 54. her boyfriend, 20-year-old caleb barnes, was stationed at fort meade, maryland, and is charged with homicide. the teen's mother found out about their relationship in early march and ordered the couple to end it. jamie's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother, and claimed she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and afraid for her life. barnes confessed to stabbing her mother in the neck multiple times.
medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at worcestershire royal hospital last friday. it came as west midlands ambulance service demanded action following delays in treatment. medical incident doctor was sent to help staff at the under-pressure a&e department. nhs england says it has missed the four-hour waiting time target for 28th consecutive week. trust apologised and said circumstances were 'less than ideal'
actor damian lewis says redheads are having a moment on screens. prince harry, ed sheeran, ed her sheeran and julianne moore are redheads of the moment. we're loving the fiery-haired stars flying the flag for gingers everywhere. ed sheerans is colour blind, so can't see his red locks.
little zane gbangbola died at home – in the middle of the night – after being poisoned by gas. for months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a landfill site. they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death. but new evidence proves authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing zane had leaked into the family's home as it was engulfed by floodwater.
swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have type 1 diabetes. 58 children were diagnosed with the condition after being affected by stressful events. study suggested damaging events in childhood could affect beta cells and raise insulin demands to cope with stress.
image shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in an area known as the erg chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern algeria. it was captured by nasa's landsat 7 satellite using rays of sunlight reflected off the sand. linear dune are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km) but the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known. one theory is that the dunes are created by helical roll vortices, but this is disputed.
mexican soldiers uncovered a trapdoor leading to a suspected drugs tunnel hidden inside a wooden wardrobe in the border town of tijuana. the trapdoor leads to a secret underground passageway stretching 500 feet towards the u.s. border. the tunnel was wired with lights, ventilation and a cart system. nine people were arrested after soldiers uncovered the tunnel and found 44 pounds of marijuana.
nra's ceo wayne lapierre told the convention people must stand up against gun-control efforts. he warned 'elitist' democrats are trying to'reshape america' and 'dismantle our freedoms'   the group's motto is: 'if they can ban one, they could ban them all'  the nra's president, jim porter, criticized politicians and the media.
ann malsbury, 22, also battered lee judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage. chef's ex-boyfriend had gone to her home to collect his belongings after 18-month relationship. she jumped on his back and wrapped ipod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him. was charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to cause serious injury. but she was cleared of this after pleading guilty to alternative offence of affray at warwick crown court.
daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect prom proposal for his girlfriend alex. but she missed the crucial first sign with her name on and burst into tears. daniel had erected a series of signs to ask his girlfriend to the prom but she misunderstood the proposal. alex was not aware that her boyfriend was behind the proposal and criticized him.
formula 1 racer lewis hamilton sprayed champagne in the face of grid girl liu siying after winning chinese grand prix. the 23-year-old was a 'podium girl' at the chinese race and was pictured grimacing. sexism campaigners called hamilton's behaviour'selfish and inconsiderate' - but she said she wasn't offended. miss siying said she was told by her employer to stand on the podium and did not think much about it. hamilton has been criticised for spraying champagne at a hostess after winning a race in the past.
luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. footage shows three-year-old luiz asking about where the tentacled creature came from. his mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses 'little legs chopped'
the suicides of five sailors who served on the same australian navy base have been revealed. five of the men committed suicide and their families did not know of their previous attempts to take their own lives. the sailors were all serving on hmas stirling off the coast of western australia.    ice use and drinking was rife within the ranks of the navy and was the 'drug of choice' for sailors.
duncan burton, 57, was released in november 2012 after serving 14-years of an 18-year sentence for cocaine possession. according to houston city codes he should not have been driving because of the conviction. he was charged last week with sexual assault of a female passenger. burton was granted approval to drive for uber despite being a convicted cocaine dealer.
tony abbott skolled a beer at a rules function at university of technology sydney on saturday night. the prime minister was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 players. anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking. critics said he should be setting an example that you don't have to drink heavily to be a 'true blue aussie bloke'    health minister sussan ley was quick to jump to mr abbott's defence saying there was 'nothing wrong' with his antics.
libby jane wilson was enjoying a day out with her father alex knight at the yarrow valley country park in chorley, lancashire. the toddler was playing in a tunnel when she was attacked by a jack russell. the dog was not on a lead and left her with two puncture marks on her face. her father kicked the dog away from her before the owner called the dog back and fled the scene.
evelin mezei, a 12-year-old hungarian national, was last seen with unknown man in stratford, london, last night. she was spotted on cctv footage with man on romford road at 10.30pm. evelin was traced this morning and found safe and well by police in newham. her mother had last seen her with the man in east london an hour earlier.
kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, was arrested sleeping on a florida beach early on tuesday morning. he allegedly walked into wayne community college in goldsboro, north carolina, and shot dead his former work-study supervisor ron lane. lane, who was gay, had worked at the college for 18 years and was found dead on monday. his mother said lane had fired him with no notice and that lane had made 'inappropriate sexual advances' towards her son. police are investigating lane's death as a possible hate crime.
sarah brady was the wife of former white house press secretary jim brady, who was shot in 1981 in an assassination attempt on former us president ronald reagan. mrs brady and her husband crusaded against gun violence and helped pass the brady handgun violence prevention act in 1993. she died from pneumonia at the age of 73 on friday. her husband died in august 2014 from injuries sustained in the 1981 shooting. she first got involved in gun control advocacy after seeing her six-year-old son playing with a loaded gun that was left in a car.
labour leader ed miliband was widely criticised for robotic performance in leaders' debate last week. he was reading from self-motivational notes in dressing room after itv debate. labour leader was reminded to be a 'happy warrior' and to'stay calm' and 'never agitated'   he had planned a number of the put-downs he used on david cameron .
the four sisters at the centre of australia's largest abduction case are happy and well-adjusted children. the four vinceni girls were taken back to live with their father in italy in dramatic circumstances in 2012. the girls are now aged 16 and 17 and are living in florence with father tomaso vincenti. the two eldest girls, emily and claire, have expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit. they speak to their mother every night and speak with their dad every night. the sisters are living healthy and happy lives and speak to each other regularly.
survivors claim muslim men tried to throw other christians into the sea after argument about religion. group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week. 12 christians from ghana and nigeria were allegedly thrown into the mediterranean sea. a migrant told how he and others formed a 'human chain' to stop muslims.
robert bates, 73, accidentally shot dead 44-year-old eric harris on april 2 in tulsa county, oklahoma. bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the death. sheriff's office claims bates was not properly trained to be an armed deputy. sources claim three of bates' supervisors were removed from their posts after refusing to sign off on forged field training hours. sheriff stanley glanz and his office say bates had 480 hours of training and is an 'advanced reserve' but the records have been redacted.
abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists and making false statements to the fbi. he was accused of being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the united states. mohamsud and his brother, aden, trained with al-qaeda in syria. he told a friend he was 'chilling' on a 'vacation' when questioned by police.
shane dunn, 25, from tunbridge wells, stabbed victim ian garrod, 55, in the neck after meeting him on gay dating app grindr. he went back to mr garrod's home in medway for sex and stabbed him in the throat. dunn was high on class a mephedrone and pretended to call an ambulance for his victim. but he left him for dead with 6cm-deep wound and was only saved by a surgeon at medway maritime hospital. he has now been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of wounding with intent and cleared of attempted murder.
jade ruthven, 33, of perth, western australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note in her mailbox. the note criticised her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook. jade was accused of 'p***ing everybody off'    jade and her friends responded by creating the hashtag #addyspam and posting a stream of photos of the baby.
last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades. sales are expected to hit two million this year and first official weekly vinyl chart has been established. inaugural top spots in album rankings and two top places in singles list have been claimed by noel gallagher. arctic monkeys took the top spot for the biggest selling vinyl album of the decade with am.
jondrew lachaux, from las vegas, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old kellie phillips, and assaulted her. she gave birth in her mom's bed - she did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital. teen ran out of food and began to suffer from malnutrition and died in her care. she was left alone at the home with the baby and her three-year old sister. after the baby died, she was kicked out and wandered the streets for two weeks before being taken to a hospital. she told police her stepfather told her to put the baby in a box and put it in a
american apparel debuted a new 'pro-women' ad campaign in the latest issue of vice. according to the ad, 55per cent of american apparel's staffers are women. the company has a history of using sexually suggestive ads to sell its clothing. the brand's founder and former ceo dov charney was ousted in december following a string of sexual harassment lawsuits.
kamron taylor, 23, was awaiting sentencing for the june 2013 murder of nelson williams jr, 21, when he escaped from jerome combs detention center in kankakee, illinois. he beat a guard unconscious, stole his uniform, keys and suv and fled in his uniform. he was caught with a loaded gun on friday night after a three-day manhunt. it was feared taylor planned to hunt down the family of his victim, who he killed. in february, he shouted at the victim's family, 'i'm going to get you mother*******'
robert clark, 96, is a former prisoner of war and one of britain's oldest surviving pows. brent council said it could no longer afford to pay for his ongoing care. mr clark spent his £50,000 life savings on home care but council wants to move him into a care home. help for heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep him at home in london. charity has already given him an emergency grant to fund his immediate care needs. but the london council is refusing to increase funding for a live-in carer to stay with him.
max verschuuren, 21, was hunting in the te urewera forest, north island, on saturday night. his friend mistook him for a deer and shot him in the back with a.270 rifle. he has spent days in hospital and was expecting to be discharged on monday. local police have issued a warning to hunters to take safety measures.
major general james post ii was the vice commander of air combat command. he told a group of 300 airmen at nellis air force base that talking to congress amounted to 'treason'   post was fired on friday after an investigation found his words may have had a 'chilling effect' on some of the airmen.
bonnie doll has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform twitch. she used to work in hospitality but now works from home playing call of duty. the 28-year-old has given up her job working in hospitality to focus on her new career. bonnie has been playing the video game since 2007. her channel has had almost one million views so far. she has been partnered with twitch.tv to live stream her games.
sylvia freedman was on holiday at avoca beach in the central coast, about 95kms north of sydney. she filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out for more than 15 metres. the beach was covered in a grotesque yellow foam that looked like something from a horror film. ms freedman and her family were forced to leave the holiday house after their power went out.
cameron hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of colleen stan. stan was hitchhiking along interstate 5 in california when she was taken by cameron hooker. she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day for seven years. despite his prison term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than normal. but parole board at corcoran state prison denied the request and said he was 'far from suitable' for release. hooker was branded the'most dangerous psychopath ever encountered'    he was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of kidnap
the veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his late show on monday. he was forced to admit to a string of affairs live on air in 2009 after being blackmailed by a producer.    he told the audience to 'treat a lady like a wh–e, and a wh-e like a lady'   the host attempted to recover by telling graduates to 'eat salad' and 'always be nice'
the average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio in the last three months of 2014. this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners listened to 11.6 hours. lord tony hall, bbc director general, highlighted the decline to the bbc trust. sources blamed the downward trend on people leading faster-paced lives.
minute-long clip shows the s300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth. it was launched from a military base in an unknown part of russia. a huge explosion can be heard as the rocket drops out of the sky. it comes after another failed rocket launch which killed six russian missile technicians.
alan barnes was left too scared to return to his home after being attacked by drug addict richard gatiss. the 67-year-old was knocked to the ground by the mugger outside his gateshead home. mr barnes, who is partially sighted, received donations from around the world. strangers raised £300,000 to buy him a new two-bedroom terrace home. he was today handed the keys to his new home and said he felt safer in the new home. richard gatiss was jailed for four years earlier this month for the attack.
the staff canteen at yoghurt maker yeo valley's headquarters in blagdon, north somerset, is open to 120 dairy workers for £2. executive chef paul collins has spent 20 years working at michelin-starred restaurants. all organic and locally sourced food is on offer at the canteen, which overlooks the countryside. the menu changes daily depending on what produce is available.
romoman ehrhardt, a senior communications major at mississippi state, was secretly completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm. he brought a george foreman grill to class and cooked bacon for his sandwich. one of his classmates shared a photo of him grilling his lunch in class. the snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted.
chase culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, was told by dmv officials that she had to remove make-up for her driver's license photo last year. she was told to remove her makeup because of a policy against altering appearance. culpeppers was told she was not allowed to wear makeup for her id. after a legal battle, the state of south carolina agreed to change its policy and allow the teen to wear her makeup in photos .
general martin dempsey, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, apologized to debbie lee, whose son marc was killed in ramadi in august 2006. dempsey wrote off the city as 'not symbolic in any way' while discussing operations against isis. lee's son was the first navy seal to die in iraq and was awarded the purple heart and silver star. he was fatally wounded while providing covering fire for his allies in the city.
boris johnson and david cameron joined forces to slam snp plans to prop up labour government. said it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the m1 to scotland'   snp has declared it will never support the conservatives in a hung parliament. alex salmond boasted he would write labour's first budget because snp would hold balance of power.
royal baby could bring in £150m for the british economy. prince george's first year boosted the economy by £247m. anything the prince has been seen wearing has sold out. a little girl could also bring in a billion pounds over its lifetime.
mikki nicholson, who was a national scrabble champion, stepped in front of a train after suffering daily verbal abuse in carlisle, cumbria. the 36-year-old had planned a move to newcastle, where she had hoped people would be more accepting. but she changed her mind after being told she risked homelessness if she left social housing. she was born male but identified as a woman.
kristina karo claims mila kunis, 31, was 'envious' of her pet chicken 'doggie' as a child and stole it 25 years ago. she was a classmate of mila, who moved to the u.s. from ukraine in 1991. karo is now a wannabe singer and says she is suing mila for $5,000 for emotional distress. she claims the theft of the pet chicken traumatised her and forced her to see a therapist. she says mila confessed to the crime and told her 'you can have any other chicken as a pet'    she is now living in los angeles and says
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone agreed to move to their first apartment together on last night's episode of married at first sight. the newlyweds shared a bedroom at their new home in astoria, queens. jaclyn revealed that she is finally ready to physically consummate their marriage.
people are cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates from their diets. doctors have warned against cutting out all carbs. australian dietician and nutritionist susie burrell has compiled a list of the five best and five worst breads. turkish breads and white bread are among the worst choices for people to eat. this comes as experts in the uk have warned of the long-term effects of cutting out one food group.
building maintenance worker and his girlfriend complained about six times for loud sex at bay ridge block in brooklyn. she is now four months pregnant and said she is 'not hurting anyone'   the boyfriend, 25, is the lover of a dominican woman in her late 30s who invites him round for romps. he was at work - at the apartment block where his girlfriend lives - when the complaints were made.
madison avery crotty, from san diego, is seen screaming and crying until her doting father buddy tries out his impersonation. thomas 'buddy' is seen breathing deep to get his one-month-old daughter to sleep. the clip, called the force awakens... then falls back asleep, has been viewed more than 4,000 times.
buzz60's patrick jones of buzz60 was covering an anti-catcalling campaign in new york city when he interviewed a man about his own catcalling techniques. the man was completely oblivious to the fact that the interview was meant to highlight the derogatory culture of catcalling. he was filmed catcalling women in the street and demonstrating his own tactics.
david cameron and william hague to launch english manifesto - with hague expected to warn england risks being 'held to ransom' by snp. document is expected to pledge to introduce system of 'english votes for english laws'   it is seen as an attempt by the tories to tap into growing english nationalism.
sacha whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on facebook. she handed out waterproof clothes, blankets and sleeping bags to the homeless. the financial adviser was spurred into action after reading a friend's facebook status. whitehead spent the night handing out the donations. she is collecting more donations and handing them out at a sydney homeless shelter.
eritrean called mered medhanie was heard laughing on police wiretap about overloading migrant ships. his accomplice ermias ghermay is thought to have made £72m with him from smuggling migrants in the last two years. both are wanted in connection with a major human smuggling ring.
joseph oberhansley, from jeffersonville, indiana, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old tammy jo harbin blanton last september. he told police he stabbed her and then cooked and ate some of her organs at her home. last year, prosecutors said they will recommend the death penalty in the case. he was convicted of manslaughter in the 1998 shooting death of his then-girlfriend sabrina elder, 17, and served 14 years in prison.
dozens of people visited the cooden beach hotel in bexhill-on-sea, east sussex, earlier this month. it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the 'winter vomiting bug'   many of those who fell ill attended a wedding at the 41-room hotel. owner james kimber has apologised to guests and staff, and vowed to steam clean the hotel.
an fbi affidavit from november 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator xiaoming gao shared information with an alleged chinese spy. gao was paid thousands of dollars to provide information to individuals she thought to be chinese intelligence officers. she lived with another state department employee who had a top-secret clearance and admitted to sharing details of his job with gao. despite these claims, she was never prosecuted by the government.
alice liveing from buckinghamshire has more than 102,000 followers on instagram. she has transformed her body with the help of healthy eating and the ldn muscle bikini guide. trains in the gym up to six times a week and shares her healthy recipes. she began her healthy journey a year ago and shares pictures of her meals.
elijah mckenna, 11, was mauled by a pack of three rottweilers in moore, oklahoma, saturday. the hearing-impaired boy suffered 40 staples on his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his body. his 9-year-old sister, alyssa, was checking on him when she saw the dogs and scared them off. elijah was unable to walk on his own and his sister carried him home. the child was later released home with 40 staples and is now learning to walk again.
amber anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at christian life academy in baton rouge. she was booked into prison on tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile. anderson admitted to the relationship and apologized for 'taking the victim's innocence'   the alleged relationship took place during july and august of 2013. the victim told police he and anderson exchanged sexually explicit text messages and later allegedly had sex at her home. the incident only came to light after a former student told his mother who confronted her son.
best-selling interior designer abigail ahern's new book colour is a style bible. she shares her top ten tips on how to be bold with colour in your home. ahern says to ditch the beige and be bold and colourful with colour. the book is a collection of photos from around the world of colourful homes.
tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in new york on 30 march and jumped to 4th place on the ios music chart. it ranks at 872 on the overall download chart and 51 in the music category in the us. in the uk the app is ranked at 92 in music app category and 872 overall . pandora radio and spotify occupy first and second spots on the combined download chart.
gwyneth paltrow and chris martin's amicable split is refreshing and something we can learn from. tracey cox says there are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably. she says it's a good idea to put kids needs first and stay friends with an ex. but don't criticise their new partner and don't give false hope.
amanda berry and gina dejesus recalled the years of rapes, torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel castro. the cleveland 'house of horrors' survivors have written a book, hope: a memoir of survival in cleveland, which will be released on april 27. amanda, 29, revealed in her new memoir, how her daughter gave her the strength to survive the ordeal. she was left confused by conflicted feelings towards castro when he was kind to their daughter.
district judge nigel cadbury said it was'very, very worrying' how young girls put themselves in 'vulnerable positions'    he implied student nurse karen buckley, 24, had been drinking heavily on the night of her death. her body was found dumped in a field after a night out in glasgow on april 16. but her friends say she only had a few drinks before leaving a nightclub. women's rights campaigners said judge's comments were 'unhelpful' and 'insensitive' and implied'sexual violence is inevitable'
doris fuller's daughter, natalie, 28, died last month after stepping in front of a train in baltimore, maryland. she suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis. natalie was not diagnosed with mental health problem until she was 22 - she was diagnosed with psychosis at 22. her mom has written about how her illness worsened over years and drove her to suicide. she called natalie 'the bravest person i have ever known' and said she was undiagnosed until her early 20s. the mother and daughter duo shot to fame in 2004 when they wrote a parenting book.
prime minister had just done a viewer call-in on itv's this morning when he made the joke. phillip schofield said alex salmond can 'pinch your wallet, watch and tie without noticing'    he could then be heard saying: 'is that alex salmond?' as the programme moved on to the next item.
new technique harnesses the power of the body's immune system and targets it at tumours. survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent. people with skin cancer are now being recruited for the first human clinical trial on humans. german team found early trials 'profoundly retarded' tumour growth in mice.
myer department store to hold a 75 per cent of designer label sale from wednesday 22nd. cbd myer stores in melbourne, sydney, brisbane and perth will have sales. the department store is stocking international labels balmain, dkny and alexander mcqueen. the sale will run from wed wednesday 22nd until sunday 26th.
o'shae smith told judge lila statom that he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood'  'sir, east lake courts is not your hood, it's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes'  smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder for shooting kendre allen, 18, in the hip in late march. statom said she thought it was unfair that anyone had to 'live among the violence'
long-haul travellers can make the most of a layover at airports with a variety of activities. turkey hunting is allowed in minnesota and turkey archery is available at pittsburgh airport. mail online travel reveals the best and most bizarre things to do with a couple of hours at an airport.
courtney brain, 16, was taken out of school at skegness academy when she visited her gp for treatment for a water infection. she was told she must make up the missed time for the 'unauthorised absence' at lincolnshire school. courtney's mother jane burnham, 50, criticised'mind-boggling' decision to punish her daughter. school claimed detention was to give courtney the best chance of doing well in her exams.
police and bomb squad called after member of the prime minister's staff spotted the drone on the roof of his official residence in tokyo. it was found to contain traces of a radioactive substance. police believe the drone was carrying small traces of caesium, a soft metal and harmless to the human body. prime minister shinzo abe was protesting against the government's nuclear energy plans.
samantha cameron visited the growing zone allotment project for adults and children with special needs in west yorkshire. prime minister's wife was campaigning with conservative candidate alec shelbrooke in elmet and rothwell. mrs cameron helped paint a wooden plant stand at the community project. boris johnson and david cameron were also helping out at a nursery in surbiton.
the anthem of the seas has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers and will be based at southampton docks this summer. the world's third largest cruise liner is owned by royal caribbean international and will sail around europe and the mediterranean. explorer of the seas has been refurbished and will move to new york harbour after the summer. both cruise liners will sail regularly to bermuda, canada and new england.
much of the comic book film, avengers: age of ultron, was shot in seoul, south korea. country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the capital city to ensure country is shown in a positive light. use of public funds has been criticised by south koreans. officials have to wait to see if the film, released tomorrow, will boost the country's reputation.
lian doyle agreed to hide the trainers worn by justin robertson when he murdered pennie davis in september last year. he was paid £1,500 by the son of victim's ex-lover benjamin carr to kill her. doyle, 24, thought her boyfriend had worn the shoes to commit a burglary. she was jailed for 10 months but released immediately as she has already spent six months on remand. mrs davis, 47, was found dead in a paddock in a new forest field in hampshire after being killed by carr.
police in shanghai seized three million fake condoms thought to be worth £1.3 million on the black market. tests found they contained heavy metals and were not safe to use. lubricating oil used on the condoms was so disgusting it made officers vomit. the fake condoms were made in makeshift workshops and sold in motels across china.
mel greig, 33, posted a blog on her website to help remove the stigma attached with ivf treatment. the radio host said women should not be ashamed of having the treatment. she uploaded photographs of herself injecting herself for the first time as she began treatment.    she hit the headlines in december 2012 for her involvement in an infamous royal prank call. she married her fiancé steven pollack but the couple's efforts to have a baby have been thwarted.
scientists at the university of reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing. and they were a third less likely to 'hear' a song when chewing gum. the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts .
delta air lines flight 2522 landed at laguardia airport after an odor of smoke was reported by the crew. firefighters used thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source after the plane landed. a delta air lines spokesperson said the crew noticed a'smoky odor in the cockpit' after landing.
will hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker. the 26-year-old british backpacker spends only $100 a week on all of his expenses. he has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30. mr hatton picks up odd jobs wherever he travels and records his adventures on his blog. the keen traveller has been robbed on three separate occasions and robbed at knife point.
james oatway took images of mozambique national emmanuel sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in alexandra township near johannesburg on saturday. he tried to save the victim by taking him to a nearby medical centre but it was closed because a foreign-born doctor had failed to turn up for his shift. photographer has spoken out after coming under fire for taking pictures instead of trying to save victim. he said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests in south africa.
the duchess of cambridge revealed her baby is due'mid to late april' during a visit to london last month. but a well-placed source says her real due date is today or tomorrow. royal sources say the palace has never confirmed a due date but the 25th is the favourite. prince harry will be in london this weekend before returning to australia.
a 'benjamin cole' of georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history. the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name of a slave-owning relative from finding your roots. he said he was 'embarrassed' by the thought and lobbied for it to be removed from the show. he has also called the future of the show's host, prof henry louis gates jr, into question.
the cruise ship carnival spirit has finally arrived at sydney harbour after being stranded at sea for two days. 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew were stranded on board the cruise ship. the ship was returning from a 12-night cruise to new caledonia, vanuatu and fiji. it was due to dock on tuesday morning but the port was closed due to the storm of the century. huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels and shattered plates and cups on board. the cruise liner finally docked at the overseas passenger terminal at 10am this morning.
prince philip was presented with the award on wednesday by his wife at windsor castle. the duke of edinburgh, 93, was awarded the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen. it recognises his long service to the british monarchy and the commonwealth. the queen presented the award despite significant criticism of australia's prime minister tony abbott. mr abbott's announcement in january that he recommended the prince for the honour prompted criticism.
in total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from kenny hetrick's farm in stony ridge, ohio, in january. it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were 'unsafe'   the 72-year-old widower is now campaigning for his tigers, leopards and bears to be returned.
loretta burroughs, 63, was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband daniel burrough's body. daniel was missing for six years before his remains were found at his wife's home in ventnor, new jersey, in 2013. loretta was found guilty of murdering her husband and hiding his body parts in plastic containers. she told friends and family that he had left her for another woman and that she was moving to florida. the judge compared the murder to al capone's st valentine's day massacre.
karen reidy, 40, from manchester, met sakir candan, 12 years her junior, on holiday in marmaris in 2012. she met him after her mother's death and went on to lose eight stone in weight. karen slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and slimmed ten dress sizes. but she discovered he had been cheating on her with another woman for several months. after finding out he was two-timing her, she vowed to remain single.
director of public prosecutions alison saunders 'ignored the advice' of to top qcs to charge lord janner. clare montgomery qc and eleanor laws qc offered advice to charge labour peer with historic sex crimes. mrs saunders said it was not in the public interest to charge the labour peer.
marissa holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview, texas, on march 31. a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed with a red beanie held up the popeyes. he stole $400 from the till and holcomb was told to replace it or lose her job. she refused to pay back the money and was fired less than two days later. popeyes said she was fired for having too much money in the till.
statement nineties chop made famous by jim carrey’s lloyd christmas in dumb and dumber. british barber shops report 200 per cent surge in requests for the unflattering style. bowl cut has graced the heads of celebrities including robert pattinson and miley cyrus.
jaimie hessel says driver was on his phone, cut across lanes, and even drove down a bus lane during 35-minute journey from her apartment to midtown east. she was charged $16,000 - with a $4,000 refund - for the journey. uber says it was a clerical error and she was never actually charged the sum.
the 18-year-old model is just 18 months younger than her sister gigi, 19. she is featured in the may issue of elle magazine. bella models a series of risque and revealing ensembles in a provocative shoot. the model is a rising star in the fashion industry and has appeared in several campaigns.
pauline bruce's neighbour yvonne ireland evans terrorised her and her family for seven years. she made silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs. she was a friend to pauline but turned on her when she became friends with another neighbour. when tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011, she mocked him and taunted him. she continued to harass the family with crank phone calls and even attacked john, her son from a previous marriage.
aden gould, 21, was told to pay a £150'security fee' after he opened speakers at a sainsbury's branch in stoke-on-trent. he was banned from all 1,200 stores and told he had to pay compensation. but company has now agreed to revoke the ban and waive the fine.
true crime writer ann rule, 84, is accused of being defrauded and bullied by her two sons. michael rule, 51, and andrew rule, 54, accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327. accused of using the money on gambling and strip clubs. the sons receive a monthly allowance of $25,000 combined with their two sisters through their mother's corporation. both men have been charged with theft and forgery and accused of forging her signature on her checks. prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from ann rule.
michelle newman heard a 'pop' as her son james krainch toppled out of a second floor condo window and died. james was 22 months old when he died in las vegas. he fell from the window because a screen was not strong enough to hold him. ms newman said she looked up to see her son's heels as he fell to his death. she hopes to make other families aware of the dangers of safety-proofing their homes.
paul hellyer, who was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos. hellyer is the first high ranking politician to publicly state that aliens are real. he claims that the aliens have 'been visiting our planet for thousands of years'   he first went public with his belief in aliens on earth in 2005.
amateur photographer nicolas locatelli, 20, captured the cloud dragon in the sky above briones regional park, in california. the cloud formation appears to breathe fire in the incredible images. the images create an uncanny likeness to the fire breathing dragon slain by st george, the patron saint of england. today is april 23 - the day of the saint - which is celebrated across the country.
shannon carter, 21, jailed for three-and-a-half years for attacking amelia gledhill, 20, with a stiletto. she repeatedly struck victim with shoe during unprovoked attack in nightclub toilet. carter had been on night out in bradford city centre with friends when row broke out. victim is still traumatised and has permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone.
arthur townsend, 92, poured the product over a mercedes sprinter belonging to martin carter - the son of his friend olive carter, 96. he lives in a care home in epping, essex, and became angry with mr carter. he believed he was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages. townsend supported himself with his zimmer frame as he admitted criminal damage at basildon magistrates' court.
the royal arrived in florence yesterday for a fashion conference at the condé nast international luxury conference. she has spent the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names at palazzo corsini. she posed with tory burch and suzy menkes and karl lagerfeld this morning. beatrice has been criticised for the amount of time she spends abroad.
robert butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence, rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston on sunday. his nursing home shut down amid financial difficulties. mr butler weighs around 1,200lb after a decade of battling his weight which he linked to depression. in 2006, he weighed 900lbs and was desperate for a gastric bypass but was unable to find a doctor.
unnamed girlfriend dumped his imac, iphone, ipad and accessories in the bath tub. she then took photos of the gadget jacuzzi and sent them to her cheating boyfriend. the unnamed man tweeted the images to his account and they have been retweeted 15,400 times.
lt.dan was the only one out of nine puppies born without a paw and fellow breeders suggested to his original owner that he be put down.   his owner suggested he be placed in a home with a wounded veteran or special needs child. on monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet. the puppy was named after a character in the film forest gump who lost his legs.
alondra luna nunez was taken away from her parents and sent to live with a houston woman, dorotea garcia, last week. a judge from texas believed that alondra was her long-lost daughter, who was illegally taken to mexico by her father in 2007 at age four. police officers were working for interpol on the orders of a texas judge. a dna test proved that she was not the daughter of garcia and she was returned to her family on wednesday.
the flub by a graphics person was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online. today had interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story on a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine as the 100 most influential in the world.
gayla neufeld, 52, from manitoba, texas, inherited her family's weight from her mother and grandmother. she weighed 13st when she was eight and was bullied at school for her size. she married at 19 but her husband was embarrassed by her weight and they divorced. she met her truck driver husband lance on a fat-fetish forum and they married. gayla says men from around the world love her 'perfect belly' and she gets approached by bodybuilders and doctors.
passengers complain about long queues at many of the world's busiest airports. islamabad benazir bhutto international airport is often cited as the worst in the world. but passengers complain about lax in los angeles, new york's laguardia and london luton.
geoff barrow says he received just £1,700 in royalties despite his songs being played 34million times. accused streaming companies of selling his music cheaply.    barrow said he has nothing against streaming but wants musicians to be paid more. jay-z launched his own tidal streaming service this month to offer artists a better deal.
only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online, only 13 per cent bother to scan it to a computer. ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos. poll by online file-sharing service lifetile found almost half rely on a safe or filing cabinet.
shaun bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shot which paralysed five-year-old thusha kamaleswaran in 2011. he was jailed for six years for aggravated burglary in a separate crime. bryan and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home. thusha was paralysed after being shot in the chest in a botched gangland hit in south london.
researchers at boston university and the university of bath believe neanderthals were not very adept at controlling fire. they believe they died out as they were unable to get as much energy from their food as modern humans who used fire. without fire, a neanderthal group would have had the equivalent of 12 reindeer a year. they disappeared around 40,000 years ago after surviving through the last ice age.
mark rowley says isis is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters among'very young, violent and mentally ill'   police officer warns of 'chaotic' attacks using knives, vehicles and vehicles to 'propagate their cause' 'step-change' in the scope and scale of terror threats, says assistant commissioner of counter-terror.
moses yitzchok greenfeld, 19, from stamford hill, london, had been swimming with four friends in hampstead heath pond. he got into difficulty and was pulled from the water at 5.30pm last night.   it is believed he may have suffered a heart attack after jumping into the cold water. at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys desperately tried to save their friend. his body was found five foot below the surface and 20ft from water's edge just before 11pm. it is thought mr greenfeld may have had a cardiac arrest.
daryl scott donohue, 43, tried to hire someone to kill his wife of four years angie donohues. he tried to kill her from the confines of his prison cell. he stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire 'various people'   she was forced into hiding after he struck his youngest and most vulnerable son. she was about to leave him when he pleaded that he would change.
smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates. blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up on a date.    leave conversations about tinder to evenings with your friends and don't change your relationship status on facebook.
lucy southern worked for britannia hotels and claims she was quizzed about her sex life and groped by her line manager alex nkoroi. she was on a zero-hours contract and feared her hours would be cut at the leeds hotel. she complained in 2013 but nothing was done and he continued to touch her. she said he slapped her bottom and kissed her on the neck and asked if she wore stockings in bed. she told the hotel manager but said she didn't want to say anything in case he cut her hours. an employment tribunal ordered britanna hotels to pay miss southern £19,500 in compensation for injury to her feelings.
john sutton jr, 84, was just 8 years old in 1940 when his father brought him to his first kentucky derby. churchill downs is inviting him to attend his 76th-straight derby as a special guest on may 2, since he has attended every race for the past 76 years. sutton has collected each year's program from every race and keeps them in a binder at home. he bet against the favorite on the horse gallahadion, which won the race.
researchers at vanderbilt university in tennessee urged parents to wash and sterilise their child's toys. soft toys could act as a reservoir for bacteria and bring germs into hospitals. despite hand washing and other protocols, surgical-site infections still pose a problem.
hamayun tariq, a divorced 37-year-old father-of-two who was born and raised in dudley, shared images on twitter of bomb-making room. he joined islamic state as an explosives expert and sniper and served a sentence for fraud in the uk. he claims to spend time 'producing sophisticated ieds' at the 'laboratory' in syria. components are seen organised on shelves and bomb- making equipment is neatly laid out in the room.
maickel melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move. melamed finished his fifth boston marathon at 5am tuesday morning after 20 grueling hours in the rain and cold. the athlete has completed four other marathons. boston mayor marty walsh called his story 'truly one of inspiration'
david cameron will announce an extra 600,000 extra free childcare spaces at a cost of £350 million. the prime minister will say the cost of childcare is a major barrier to employment. mr cameron says the conservative party wants to reward hard work. the new 30 hours of free childcare a week will cost £5,000 to working families.
carphone warehouse's mobile network launches in may and will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the us, australia and across europe. the id network will use three's existing infrastructure to offer networks and plans. the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4g handsets. when id launches it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries.
unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's facebook account. it was 'liked' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it. hog's breath cafe australian general manager ross worth said he has apologised to the woman.
in u.s. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women. a recent live skit about a male student having sex with his female high school teacher painted the relationship as every teen boy's dream .
the norwegian government said it will turn off its fm transmitters on january 11 2017. the uk had planned to switch off its own fm service by 2018 but the plans were shelved. digital radio is expected to outstrip analogue radio by 2020.
the california firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery'   founder elon musk thinks they'suck', according to tesla's investor relations director, jeff evanson. it is likely to build on the power packs used in tessla's electric cars. the event will be held at the company's design studio on april 30 at 8pm.
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game. one of his favorite nfl players watching from the sidelines - houston texans defensive lineman j.j. watt. the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him.
173 lots of designer brands worth from £300 to thousands are set to go up for auction on april 28. include issa dress as worn by kate middleton for her engagement photos and samantha's sandals in sex and the city. items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner. house & son auctioneers in bournemouth, dorset, is selling the lots and donating money to charity.
former tech executive carly fiorina is expected to launch a formal campaign for president on may 4, according to a report. but her spokeswoman says it's just a rumor at this point. she is the fourth republican in the presidential race, and the second woman. bill clinton's wife hillary clinton launched her campaign earlier this month.    she wants to be the conservative balance to democrat clinton.
mailonline travel has compiled a list of top travel hacks to help you on a seaside holiday this summer. simply squeeze lemon juice onto your hair to add a sun-kissed glow and naturally highlight your hair. soothe sunburns with ice cubes made of aloe vera and blow up a balloon to ease water-clogged ears.
more than a third of health trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments. 39 per cent said they were planning to 'limit access' to routine treatment for financial reasons. obese patients could be denied varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery. smokers could be banned from having ivf on the nhs. criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on body mass index.
as a candidate for president in 2008, barack obama promised to use the term 'genocide' to describe the mass murder of ethnic armenians by ottoman turks. but he has never used the term since taking office. president obama will be sending an administration official to armenia this week to mark the 100th anniversary of the massacre. but the white house still refuses to call the mass killings a genocide for fear of offending ally turkey. kim kardashian and the pope have called for the world to recognize the killings as a genocide. historians estimate up to 1.5 million armenian-americans were killed by turkey during world war i.
the former brookside actress gave birth to son jaxton in september. claire, 44, is a size 12 to 14 and has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure. she has turned to celebrity hypnotherapist susan hepburn to help her shed two stone. hepburn famously helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
photographs taken today in micheldever woods, hampshire, show the flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected after an unseasonably warm start to the season. but the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by april showers this weekend. parts of northern scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10c by monday and there is a chance of snow. tomorrow will be another fine day for many places, although it will be cloudy in central and eastern areas of the uk.
zachary cain stickler, 34, had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in february. he pleaded not guilty to two charges of making criminal threats and battery. stickler intentionally crashed his cessna plane into a field in northern california on saturday morning. he had texted family and friends that he was 'distraught' and planned to kill himself.
london-based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji. the french use four times as many heart emoji than any other language. australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji. happy faces, including winks, kisses, smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions. americans use lgbt emoji 30% more than the average, followed by canada and malaysia.
erica avery was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county courtroom after being accused of using the internet. prosecutors on tuesday claimed avery had contacted a victim she allegedly helped to hold down during a 2013 sexual assault . avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in hollywood, florida.
teng jiazhi or 'uncle teng,' from shenyang, north china, came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago. he picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him. he uploads the pictures to a popular chinese social media website.
abbi gordon-cody, 26, from droitwich, worcestershire, works as a special effects make-up artist. her instagram profile has attracted almost 3,000 followers. she creates gruesome injuries using special effects and kitchen props. abi was inspired by her family who worked in theatre and film sets.
ukip leader told itv's julie etchingham about his childhood, family and plans to go on and on as leader until 2030. mr farage also discussed his battle with testicular cancer and keeping his children out of the public eye. as a schoolboy he 'always questioned authority'   he described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details of his nights out in kent town.
alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen. she had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo, cotton club and zanzibar club. she was reunited with her videos by david shuff, who met her at her retirement home and helped locate and reunite her with three of her'soundies'
cengiz guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine at gallipoli. he has protected russell crowe, naomi campbell and steven tyler. the 30-year-old security guard has been on duty for four years. more than 10,000 australians and new zealanders are expected to attend the anzac day 100th anniversary commemoration. nearly 4000 national and paramilitary police and 1000 turkish soldiers will be on duty.
drug contains toxic chemical 2,4-dinitrophenol (dnp) used in pesticides and explosives. eloise aimee parry, 21, died after taking eight of the 'diet pills' and 'burned up from within'   dnp has been linked to at least 62 deaths worldwide and is illegal to sell for human consumption.
nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction. two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk. study found there was a'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry.
rajpal singh, 34, had complained of a stomach ache after complaining of a pain in his abdomen. doctors suspected it was a case of food poisoning or an ulcer . over a three year period, he had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries. doctors carried out 240 endoscopy procedures to remove the objects from his stomach. but mr singh will still need another operation to remove more of the metal.
lib dem leader condemned david cameron's appeal to ukip supporters to 'come home'   warns 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless conservative leadership'  mr clegg says mr farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white. his wife miriam only lets him do the washing up and he is 'not a very good cook'
anna james, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'obby 'oss celebrations. she claimed the rituals are part of her'religion, culture and heritage'    school blocked request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013. but mrs james said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children.
steve spowart helped the horses' owner, sonia sharrock, to lead the animals to safety near dungog, in the nsw hunter region. three people died in the severe weather and four houses were washed away in the rural town. the man rescued five horses from the flood water. he paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded.
holly nicole solomon, now 31, pleaded guilty to aggravated assault after running over her husband daniel in a mesa, arizona, parking lot. she was six months pregnant at the time and said her family would 'face hardship' if barack obama won reelection. she originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct. she will serve three and a half years in prison after admitting to running over him with their suv.
robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and sperm. she impregnated herself using turkey baster and believed he had no parental rights. court in richmond, virginia, ruled that boardwine is entitled to be a part of his son's life.
president barack obama held up the shrinking florida everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening america's 'national treasures'   'climate change can no longer be denied. it can’t be edited out,' he said in a speech at everglade national park commemorating earth day. the president also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power air force one, 9,000 gallons, round trip.
sharon and nick chalwell have been trying for seven years to have a child. after nine failed rounds of ivf and one failed egg donor attempt, they turned to crowdsourcing to find an egg donor. a call-out on a perth radio station put them in touch with shannon mann, 22, who has a two-year-old son. the couple were inundated with women willing to be their egg donor after sharing their story.
giant internal organ weighed a colossal 6lbs (2.7kg) - and was 20 times the normal size of a healthy kidney. it was extracted from a 45-year-old man with a genetic disease called autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease. condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, causing them to expand. a second kidney weighing 5.5lbs was removed a week after the first, beating previous record of 4.7lbs. patient was diagnosed with the potentially lethal condition last year.
advisers to president tomislav nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin' when plane began tumbling through the air. pilot bojan zoric spilled coffee on the instrument board and turned the autopilot off as he wiped it down. plane landed safely back in belgrade but president was forced to cancel official visit to italy.
facetune is a £2.99 photo editing app designed to help you edit portrait photographs into 'perfection' can remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes. bianca london, anucyia victor and martha cliff used it to edit their selfies.
aldi failed to notify customers of a 0.5 percent surcharge on credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would. the australian securities and investments commission took action against the supermarket company last year. aldi did not disclose a surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems. some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print.
trussell trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks in the uk. labour and the tuc seized on the figures as'shocking' evidence of low pay and bedroom tax. but tory benefits chief iain duncan smith dismissed the claims as 'unverified'   he said the best way to help families was to get people into work and cut taxes.
austin hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his wimauma home last week. he'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase in his bedroom. hatfield was rushed to a tampa hospital in critical condition after being bitten on the mouth.
omar hallak is principal of islamic school al-taqwa college in melbourne. he reportedly banned his female students from running. former teachers of the school have sent a letter to the state and federal education ministers claiming he was discriminating against female students. mr hallak believes there is'scientific evidence' girls running excessively could lose their virginity. the victorian registration and qualifications authority is currently investigating the allegations. last month it was reported that he was teaching students at his school that islami state was a plot against them by the west.
the nfl expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday. the settlement approved on wednesday by a federal judge in philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average. senior us district judge anita brody approved the deal after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out. about 200 nfl retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually.
lucas hinch, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits. police say he was 'fed up with fighting his computer for the last several months' and took it to the alley behind his business. he fired eight shots at the computer, disabling it.
seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at nate d. sanders at the end of the month. the costumes are made of actual curtain fabric and were worn by the von trapp children in the film. all of the outfits were made by maria to add a splash of color to their drab uniforms.
human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the uk and sell young girls for prostitution and sham marriages. girls are sold to 'customers' for pregnancy so they can claim a human right to a family life in uk. report by centre for social justice is based on interviews with police and officials.    report backed by home secretary theresa may, who has been pushing for curbs on eu free movement.
new premier league map shows which club is the most popular according to twitter followers. manchester united dominate the uk and man united are the third most popular club in north america. arsenal are most popular team worldwide with 5.6million followers. chelsea and manchester are second and third respectively. the map was created by looking at each club's official twitter accounts.
a five-year-old iranian girl has spent more than a year in australia's offshore nauru detention centre. she has been prescribed anti-depressants and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder. the girl is living in fear of being returned to the island. her lawyer says she has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and is diagnosed with anxiety and depression. lawyers are fighting to stop the girl being sent back to nauru for years while her asylum claim is processed.
sid ahmed ghlam, 24, shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in southern paris on sunday. computer science student had been preparing to attack churches in paris. arrested man, named locally as sid ahmed ghalm, was linked to murder of aurelie chatelain. 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor was shot dead in her car as she sat in a paris suburb car park. dna evidence reportedly links the arrested man to the murder of the mother and mother-of-three. police found three automatic rifles, handguns, and bulletproof vests in his student accommodation.
noaa fisheries in maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered. they want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations. ten of these will be 'not at risk', two 'threatened' and two still 'endangered' it follows a conservation'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000. at one stage the worldwide population dropped to just a few thousand due to over-fishing and hunting. however, some experts have warned it is too soon to declare the project a success story.
scient in belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign dna'. agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species. this makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' and humans have been eating it for thousands of years. scientists in belgian say allsweet potatoes contain a type of natural genetically modified organisms .
european commission antitrust chief margrethe vestager said gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to other states. russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said that the charges were 'absolutely unacceptable'   eu has accused the russian gas giant of overcharging buyers in eastern europe.
samantha rawcliffe, 40, from morecambe, suddenly lost all control of her body and crashed her car last may. she was shaking uncontrollably and was unable to control her bladder after the accident. the mother-of-two was diagnosed with the rare brain disorder functional neurological disorder. mrs rawcliffe is now confined to her home, unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter. she has to take 32 tablets each day to prevent choking fits and tremors.
police have dramatically arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee after a woman's body was found in his car. the man ran into bushland after police found the body in the boot of a blue hyundai getz. police are investigating whether the body is that of missing canberra woman daniella d’addario, 35. she was reported missing on monday along with her boyfriend josaia (joey) vosikata.
ricky woolaston, 35, dressed in uniform bearing the university of birmingham logo to break into students' homes. posed as a university maintenance engineer to steal laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit. but he was caught after leaving behind a police charge sheet from a previous offence. woolaston was sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to five burglaries.
gregg manderson, 68, of st paul, minnesota, has sought medical help after twinkle twinkle little star first became stuck in his head last may. sounds including police sirens and cheyenne's bugle call are stuck for weeks at a time in his mind. doctors are trying to help cure him by playing the song repeatedly in hopes that he will tune it out.
matthew riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at the roof gardens in kensington in august 2 last year. 29-year-old model from epsom in surrey appeared at isleworth crown court today. he was released on bail but banned from attending the nightclub.
charlotte blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in shropshire after suffering a seizure. the 17-year-old was found dead after having the seizure at her family home. she was studying film, performance, english and sociology at shrewsbury sixth form college. police confirmed her death is not being treated as suspicious. friends and family have paid tribute to the talented singer who was described as bright and enthusiastic.
hayley carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition before moving to live with fiancee later this year. she will then apply for a marriage visa to become a british citizen. ms carney has been dreaming of a life in britain since reading books as a child. she feels the nation is more accepting of 'people like her'
don the border collie took control of a tractor on to the m74 near abington in south lanarkshire during rush hour. the tractor smashed through a fence and crashed into the central reservation barrier. owner tom hamilton was tending to a lamb when he nudged the controls of the tractor. don was unhurt but the incident caused major tailbacks on the busy motorway. traffic scotland tweeted the news that a dog had 'taken control of tractor'
robbie knievel, 52, was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda and caused a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars in butte, montana. he was arrested for dui and charged with driving under the influence. he has previously admitted to being an alcoholic and pleaded guilty to dui in south dakota in 2013.
of the 446 people on board the italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children. italy has pressed the european union to devise plans to stop the tide of migrants on smuggler boats in the mediterranean. italian defence minister roberta pinotti said refugee camps should be set up in countries bordering libya.
william smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother, marilyn buttigieg, then 44 years old. the grandmother-of-eight from crawley, west sussex, was then 44. the couple came under fire from family and friends for the 29-year age gap. but they say they have proved their critics wrong and are still together. william was just 16 when he married marilyn, who was 44 when they tied the knot six years ago.
dr christopher valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago for taking illicit photos of patients. he was allowed to continue working and went to work at nhs service for addicts and alcoholics. but a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his ipod touch on a night out. fiona white was looking at photos of his pets when she found the images of the man's genitals.   he told her the images were of a patient's heroin injection site, but she reported him to his boss, a tribunal heard.
university of illinois scientists have created the first 3d simulation of merging black holes in a disk. it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide  and was created by scientists at the university of illinois. it comes after two black holes were found to be seven years from merging. gravitational waves - ripples in space-time - are also predicted to be created by the merger.
the hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where dr phil mcgraw had offered to help place her in a top treatment program. richards, 50, was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting an officer and battery on a police officer.    her son chad was overheard pleading with her to go in to rehab. but richards insisted she's happy to see her own doctor and therapist. she was heard screaming 'f***' and other obscenities as she ran down the hall.
the uco stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what. they are made by uco which has been making outdoor accessories for 44 years. the matches can burn again once exposed to oxygen and even when buried in dirt. the match sticks are dipped in water and buried in sand and then covered in mud.
former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton flew first class from boston to washington, d.c. on tuesday night. she refused to acknowledge her first campaign-trail question about the deadly benghazi terror attacks in 2012. four americans were killed in the september 11, 2012 attacks, including the us ambassador to libya. clinton and president barack obama incorrectly blamed the attacks on protests against a youtube video.
yom hazikaron - or memorial day - is held the day before israel's independence day. it is held to remember the 23,320 people who died 'fighting for the national cause' since 1860. all cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed by law on the day. 116 security force personnel have been killed in the line of duty in the past year.
noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses. scientists at the university of southern california have identified a gene, named nox3, found in the inner ear. it is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
palaeontologists at the university of bristol found that male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs. male dinosaurs could have used them to show off their prowess in the same way as peacocks. some scientists had been baffled by differences in the shape of the plates on some fossils . the discovery could help scientists determine the sex of some of the dinosaur species.
ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in europe over the next few years unless intercepted and turned back now. urged prime minister david cameron to resist pressure for britain to take in refugees. experts warn up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year unless crisis is tackled.
bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw said clarkson 'will be back' on the bbc but not on top gear. insisted there was 'no ban on jeremy being on the corporation' and he has 'had time'   final scenes filmed before top gear presenter's sacking will be aired this summer, says head of bbc2. but she refused to say who would be replacing clarkon and said female candidates are being considered. clarksonson was suspended by bbc last month after he attacked top gear producer mr tymon.
laura smith, 35, has been charged with dui, child endangerment and public intoxication. police say she was drunk driving and allowed a 10-year-old girl to drive her car. smith was in the passenger seat and the girl was in her lap. a witness tried to contain smith until police arrived, and she pepper sprayed him.
in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred. from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence. members will mix with rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang, or ms-13. so far this year, gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers, six prison guards and a prosecutor.
raquel d'apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from new jersey, created yelp reviews of newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today. raquel posts the reviews on her humorous parenting blog the ugly volvo.
whole pantry founder belle gibson has admitted she never had cancer. in an interview with the australian women's weekly, she said: 'none of it was true'    she said she was not seeking forgiveness and that she feared for her family's safety. her business empire is in tatters and her relationship with her fans is broken. she is thought to be struggling financially and facing an investigation.
papyrus was found in oxyrhynchus, egypt, and contains a medical'recipe' for treating a hangover. text recommends stringing leaves of alexandrian chamaedaphne together and wearing them around the neck. but it is not known if the treatment had any effect. it was found as part of an effort to translate 500,000 documents found in ancient rubbish tip.
graeme finlay, 53, insisted he acted in self-defence after being attacked by ron phillips, 70, with his crutch. he is accused of attacking husband and wife ronald and june phillip on a luxury cruise ship. finlay denies charges of unlawful wounding and assault causing grievous bodily harm.
cetaphil gentle cleanser is responsible for the glowing skin of stars including britain’s got talent judge amanda holden and actresses charlize theron and olivia wilde. is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients. currently costs £6.74 at boots and is stocked in pharmacies and online.
monica mcdermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her black lexus in macclesfield, cheshire. mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample and had to be restrained by police. when officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit. she pleaded guilty to drink driving and was banned from driving for four years. she avoided prison in 2012 when she crashed her car while four times the legal limit.
rspca officers discovered five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in lancashire. animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water. three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £40,000 for animal cruelty offences.
5,080 flight cancellations and delays in first quarter of 2015 compared to same period last year. low-cost carrier monarch has seen a 30% increase in delays, easyjet a 19% increase. but thomas cook has reduced delays by 37% and british airways by 11%.
erik de vries, 24, and josephine egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999 after their parents' messy break-up. erik moved back to netherlands, joined tinder and swiped 'right' on her profile photo. they were reunited after 16 years.
sir james munby says parents should use the 'carrot and the stick' approach to get children to do things they don't want to do. suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets and grounding teenagers is a suitable way for parents to get their way. being a parent is tough - but he said 'that is what parenting is all about'    two teenage girls have refused to see their father for six years.
greg hardy was convicted by a judge last july of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend nicki holder. the nfl announced today that hardy will be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season. hardy, 25, was dropped by his previous team, the carolina panthers, after the charges were dropped. he will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary.
chairchair-bound christopher starrs, 50, admitted defrauding bt openreach of £28,000 over two years. he was sentenced to 16 months in jail suspended for two years in january this year. but recorder stuart trimmer qc said sentence was 'unlawful' and ordered him to pay a fine. judge nicholas cooke qc blasted junior colleague recorder for 'taking his eye off the ball'    he said judge should have been sent to prison for his crimes - but he was spared jail as an 'act of mercy'
'n' was just 11 when glitter was convicted of abusing two vietnamese girls aged 10 and 11 in 2006. she still suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out. she was one of glitter's youngest victims and was'sold' to him by her aunt. glitter was jailed for three years after being found guilty of child sex offences. now 21, she speaks out for the first time as an adult about her horrific ordeal.
alaskan husky, sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher laura allaway, on monday night. the three-year-old dog escaped from handlers in anchorage on march 21 after being dropped from musher's team during the iditarod. sarabi was spotted on april 15 near glenn highway and then in palmer. rev. tim carrick set up a cage trap in the woods and used four bowls of dog kibbles, chicken stock and liverwurst to capture the dog. allaway will be reunited with the dog when she returns to fairbanks on april 28.
prime minister said labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor'    accused ed miliband and ed balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking the tories for failing the poor. he promised extra free childcare for 600,000 children a year to counter spiralling costs.
natali castellanos-tyler, 30, a married mother of three from chesterfield county, was killed in a one-car crash on february 21. her 2002 ford explorer ran off the road and slammed into a tree in virginia. police said the crash was caused by a rain-soaked road. her daughter, elisa, 3, has been having nightmares and daytime visions about a white van, which her father believes may have something to do with the accident.
shanice farier, 22, from derby, stole £15,000 from her employer, kanoo travel in derby. she earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father. she spent money on staying in hotels and living 'an opulent lifestyle'   judge ordered farier to do 240 hours of unpaid work, adding that he hopes she will 'get her hands dirty'
martin springall, 38, photographed his daughter standing behind a rocky outcrop in zushi, japan, in july 2014. a pair of black boots are clearly seen behind her - but he has 'no idea' what they could be. his friend brian publicover posted the image to reddit, where it has sparked debate. mr springall said he did not recall a person standing behind the little girl in the photo.
the apple watch version one has been labelled 'a waste of money' by some tech experts. the release date for the apple watch 1 is april 24. price comparison website finder.com.au says consumers might be better off waiting for the second generation apple watch. the first version of the watch is expected to retail from $499 right up to $24,000. a panel of five australian tech experts say version two will be a vast improvement.
trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users' of the food bank network. it emerged true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million - and possibly lower still. labour party and trades union congress seized on the figure.
ian walters, 51, is accused of murdering his wife of two years, tracy, 48, after her car veered off the m1 motorway in march last year. walters' car hit a tree at 84mph and she was flown to hospital but died two days later.    walters was charged with her murder two months later and denies murder at leicester crown court. he told the court his early sex life with tracy was 'dramatic' and 'exciting and adventurous'   court heard the couple had a 'troubled' relationship and walters said she 'couldn't cope with his demands' in bed.
brett robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct at washington county jail. allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between march and july last year. she is hoping to use an insanity defense, claiming she was 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' and suffers from mental illness. her colleague lisa curry, 39, was sentenced to over four years prison for having sex with an inmate in a supply closet.
barry selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the snack. floor-fitter from poole, dorset, was'shocked' to make the discovery. he has decided to keep the two-inch-tall and two-and-a-half-inch wide snack.
baboucarr ceesay, a talented footballer from the gambia, is believed to have died on fishing boat in 'desperate' attempt to reach uk. his aunt jessica sey, from cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation after learning of his death. she said he was 'exploited by criminals' and demanded human traffickers be brought to justice. he was believed to be among the 27 survivors of the mediterranean boat disaster.
the 34-year-old lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle for southpaw. his trainer, former professional boxer terry claybon, said jake did six months of training before filming started, including 2,000 sit ups and six hours of training each day. gyllenhaal put on another 15 pounds of muscle to play boxer billy hope in the film.
the james webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble, and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang. nasa hopes to launch the telescope in october 2018. the telescope will weigh 6.4 tons, and is expected to be 70 times as powerful as hubble. it will be used to look at the first galaxies of the universe.
queen letizia, 42, welcomed author juan goytisolo to the casa real in madrid for a lunch. joined by husband king felipe, 47. royal was making her second appearance at an awards show in two days. last night was at the woman awards in copenhagen.
fashion targets breast cancer was founded by ralph lauren in 1994. this year's campaign stars models from sizes 10 to 20. showcases clothes from high street giants including marks & spencer's and debenhams. charity teamed up with bridge models, an agency which specialises in recruiting women of all shapes and sizes.
car is a 1962 aston martin db4 series iii and will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored. restoration project will cost up to £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay £570,000 to return it to its former glory. car was off the road in storage when it was bought by the current owner in 1982 for restoration.
david norris, 51, repeatedly stabbed his wife dionne in the graveyard of a church in southfleet, kent. his wife begged him to think of their children as he pounced on her. he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened. norris was found guilty of attempted murder and jailed for 20 years at maidstone crown court.
actor peter ustinov bought the aston martin db4 cabriolet in 1962 after winning a best supporting actor oscar for his role in spartacus. the car cost £4,000 in 1962 when the average house price in britain was just £2,500. it was one of the most luxurious cars of its day and went 0-60mph in nine seconds and had a top speed of 140mph. it is expected to fetch more than double the £431,200 it sold for four years ago at auction at bonhams.
competitors on bear grylls' show had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers believed was a common caiman. but it was later discovered to be an endangered american crocodile. show's bosses thought it was a small, common reptile - but it is a critically endangered species.
micheal john duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen deborah ayers, 33. his co-accused rachel evans has plead guilty to murder. duffy told the court his former lover was the one with a 'twisted desire to kill' and that he had only disposed of her body. ms ayers' body was found in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre lakesland property in 2012.
all men aged in their 50s and from the york area were arrested at 7am today on suspicion of murder. north yorkshire police confirmed the men were arrested this morning. the body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found. officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts. two houses nearby to miss lawrence's are being searched by police and forensic officers. a man, in his 50s, was arrested last month but was later released without charge.
british workers spend an average of £1,840 a year on a daily lunchtime takeaway. 60 per cent of britons buy their lunches out and spend £552 on the high street. food website food52's 'not sad desk lunch' series shows you how to make your own lunch at home. a fifth of workers choose to purchase their work-time lunches instead of making them. workers could save up to £1,300 a year if they made their own lunch.
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston, texas, but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage. he slipped and fell into a net covering the orchestra pit. luckily no one was hurt.
jerry moon's family only discovered the devastating blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes. found the body of 97-year-old robert petitclerc wrapped in a plastic bag in his coffin. mr moon had paid $4,655 to be buried in a family plot in chehalis, washington. the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was cremated by mistake at a funeral home.
the 'naatsit' is on display at the national museum of denmark in copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection. traditionally known as a 'naatit', the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal fur. it was obtained during an expedition to the ammassalik settlement in greenland in 1892. the underwear was worn inside the homes of the inuit and under trousers when leaving the settlement.
care quality commission branded hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' and placed it in special measures in january. watchdog ignored a spot check by its own inspectors that found huge improvements in standards. today watchdog will upgrade the finding to'requires improvement' and publish a glowing report. experts say it is evidence inspection was flawed and a stitch-up by labour party activists.
texas trooper abraham martinez was suspended for three days without pay for the unconventional maneuver after he leaped into the air and kicked steven gaydos in 2012. martinez, a 10-year veteran trooper, was chasing gaydos after he ran a stop sign in houston, texas. gaydos, 25, was driving in a suspended license and martinez shot him once in the leg but was not indicted for the incident.
survey found almost half of dog owners did not know ticks can transmit deadly diseases to humans and other dogs. 54 per cent didn't know lyme disease, a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites, affects their pets as well as themselves. lyme is a bacterial infection spread to humans by infected ticks. experts are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks.
the glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving. the staged event used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene.
rolly robinson, from the blog beauty high, stars in a new makeup video tutorial. he transforms himself into a kylie jenner lookalike with the help of make-up products and the lip suction cup. rolly uses the controversial device to make his lips look fuller.
charlesetta taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years in st. louis, and was a member of the first african-american family to live in the neighborhood. she may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of st louis . the city may also tear down 49 other homes in addition to taylor's to make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency. taylor has started a change.org petition to stop the city from tearing down her home.
rep steve knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his simi valley, california, office last friday when he was accosted by anti-immigration activists. a man accused knight of lying about his voting record and patted him on the back. knight, a former lapd officer, told the man, 'if you touch me again, i'll drop your a**'   knight was elected to represent the 25th congressional district last year. knight was one of 75 house republicans who voted to pass a bill stripping off provisions blocking obama's immigration reform.
man in his 50s died after single-engine edge 360 plane crashed at old buckenham airfield near norfolk. pilot was named locally as david jenkins' and was a member of wildcat aerobatic team. plane went down just 50 metres from a group of 20 people at a press day for air show. a friend of the pilot said: 'he was the best bloke i knew'    he was a regular competitor at uk aerobatics competitions, winning over 40 medals.
secret footage showed former first minister mocking labour after it slapped down scottish leader jim murphy. mr salmond boasted he would write labour's first budget because snp would hold balance of power in parliament. he also joked that he would 'check his top pocket'   it prompted david cameron and boris johnson to warn of a looming 'constitutional crisis'
belle gibson has finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses in a magazine interview. model and tv personality jesinta campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel let down by the wellness blogger. 'i am so disappointed and shocked and on every level, this is so irresponsible'    after months of speculation and the undoing of her health empire, she said she feared for her family's safety.
s sergeant oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. he was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where jews arrived at the auschwitz death camp. he told of how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the camp and then led directly into gas chambers. groening, 93, told the court he is'morally guilty' but not directly responsible for any deaths.
the letter submitted to the weekly standard took six-months to write because troubled peter was ''too angry' to write it all in one sitting. peter's father said the letter was sent to michelle obama to tell her that public school children can't live on one ketchup packet at lunch. he also criticizes obama for america's lack of troops in the middle east and in the ukraine and suggests that the united states bomb syria.
mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm recommending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. mrs middleton, 60, has previously been accused of cashing in after her daughter kate married prince william. the cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups.
ben affleck appeared on pbs show finding your roots and learned one of his ancestors was a slave owner. the actor asked producers to leave out the name of james mcguire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in trenton in new jersey in the 1840s. affleck later apologized on facebook, saying he was 'embarrassed' by the revelation.
christopher swain, a clean-water activist, embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the gowanus canal in brooklyn, new york. he completed only two-thirds of a mile of the waterway to urge environmental clean up. the water has been designated as especially polluted by the environmental protection agency. swain gargled hydrogen peroxide periodically to avoid swallowing contaminated water. he said the water tasted 'like mud, poop, ground-up grass, detergent and gasoline'   an estimated 377million gallons of sewage is poured into the canal every year.
carol chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14 who was a pupil at top independent school st paul's in barnes, south west london. she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency on a boy under 14. she appeared at southwark crown court to answer charges of historic sexual abuse.
flight 5622, operating as a united express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in buffalo, new york. three passengers on the embraer 175 twin-jet from chicago to connecticut lost consciousness and others began to feel dizzy and sick. initially, skywest airlines said the plane landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger. but later said there was no loss of cabin pressure.
bou bou' phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident. his family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million. he'll require surgeries ever other year into his teens. the habersham swat team executed a no-knock warrant on the property while searching for a relative they believed was a drug dealer.
ursula ward, the mother of odin lloyd, wants to look former new england patriots player aaron hernandez in the eye when he testifies at the civil suit. hern andez was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17, 2013. he had already been paid more than $9.2million of his $40million deal and did not testify at his criminal trial. ward said her son, 27, was 'loved by many' and 'always wished she was there to take the bullets for him'
lord tebbit claimed david cameron has never had a proper job before entering politics. the former tory party chairman accused the pm of bungling the scottish referendum and annoying english voters. he also accused mr cameron of playing up the threat of a labour-snp government. he said the pm has never been a'real man' like winston churchill, clement attlee or even bevan.
nordic country decided to tighten up laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even brothels in denmark. previous law only banned intercourse which harmed the animals. agricultural minister said it was difficult to prove animals had been harmed. only five countries in the world still have laws against bestiality.
the photos show a prisoner being forced to his knees before being shot in the countryside outside the rebel-held city of aleppo. isis released the images on the same day as trying to portray everyday life under terror group's control as happy and carefree. they distributed images of smiling farmers harvesting their crops. images show the seconds before a media activist was brutally murdered by militants in syria.
ukip leader admits he had'made some mistakes' by trying to do too much during the campaign.    but insists he was looking forward to the rest of the campaign and had 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back'   deputy prime minister nick clegg accused mr farage of being an 'odious victor meldrew' character.  mr clegg said farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people.
rebecca grant, 40, was found walking 'drunk' in and out of traffic in limington, maine, york county. she claimed she was kidnapped and abused, but police found out she was out on bail. grant attempted to head-butt a deputy sheriff and threatened to kill deputies and their families. she also bit the upholstery of the police car, causing $500 worth of damage.
researchers at sun yat-sen university in guangzho tried to tweak the gene responsible for a potentially deadly blood disorder. the announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable experiments. some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to create designer babies. the team used a technique known as crispr/cas9 to change the genes of human embryos.
emily grimson, 25, from shropshire, has only been modelling for a year but gets paid £100 an hour. she moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best. she has starred in product videos for bosch and adverts on disney channel.
woman who has fled from islamic state said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out alone. she said she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules of the terror organisation. she was lucky to escape from the is capital raqqa in syria. the refugee said fear of is is making many join them: 'better to take things they offer than die of hunger'
mourners gathered at st peter's church in northern france to say their final farewells to nine-year-old chloe.   huge screens erected to show the ceremony for those who could not fit inside the packed church. the murder of chloe sparked a national outpouring of grief in france after her body was found in migrant camp. zbigniew huminsk, 38, was charged with the kidnap, rape and murder of the schoolgirl on april 15.
joseph o'riordan, 76, was found guilty of attempted murder after stabbing wife mandy, 47, nine times with a kitchen knife. she was left with life-threatening injuries to chest, torso and back at home in polegate, east sussex. he discovered his wife was having affair with married postman nick gunn, 41. former polegate town councillor had become suspicious of his wife's movements and hired a private detective to watch her. jury took two hours to find him guilty of murder and he was jailed for 20 years at brighton crown court.
lord janner signed over the deeds of his £2million flat to his children after the police raid in march last year. his legal team claimed he was unfit to stand trial over child abuse allegations. but he was able to sign over the property free of charge to his two daughters and son. it puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims suing the peer for compensation.
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has promised to give 100 bentleys to each of the 100 pilots involved in air strikes in yemen. prince has a fortune of $23 billion and owns $300 million stake in twitter. he pledged to give each pilot a bentley on social media but post has since been deleted. air strikes appeared to resume on wednesday despite saudi arabian pledge to stop on tuesday. at least 944 people have been killed in four weeks of air strikes by saudi forces to stop rebels advancing in the country.
one in five australians admit to doing online shopping in bed at night. 86 per cent admit to going online for items they're too embarrassed to buy in store. more than 27 per cent confess to shopping online at work. 13 per cent of those surveyed admit to online shopping three to four times per day. three-quarters of australian spend up to $300 per month online.
abu khaled al-cambodi is a senior islamic state commander linked to the anzac day terror plot. he has starred in a new propaganda video calling for new terror attacks on australian soil. authorities named him as a key figure in the investigation into a plot to attack police. the militant has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in australia.
silicon valley-based start-up is offering an at-home dna saliva test to detect the same gene mutations. it costs $249 (£167) and tests for mutations in brca1 and brca2. test currently costs more than $3,000 (£2,000) but is currently available in 45 states.
paper filters are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee at home. femail has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers. lint-free and tear-resistant paper cones can be transformed into dish covers and snack bowls. they can also be used as a makeshift lid for a microwave lid and as cupcake holders.
susan monica was found guilty on tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm in jackson county, oregon. stephen delicino, 59, and robert haney, 56, were found dead on her farm in 2012 and 2013. she was sentenced to a minimum of 50 years in prison, with the possibility of parole after 50 years. the bodies of both men were found on monica's farm after she was caught using one of the men's food stamps.
vít jedlicka, 31, is a member of the czech republic's conservative party of free citizens. self-declared president of 'liberland' claims three-square-mile patch of land along croatia-serbia border.   it is located on the banks of the danube river, but neither country claims it is theirs. if formally recognised it would become the third smallest sovereign state in the world, behind the vatican and monaco.
dr mehmet oz, 54, released a video message previewing a special episode of his daytime talk show thursday. ten top doctors sent a letter to columbia university urging the school to remove dr oz from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments'   oz, who is vice chairman and professor of surgery at college of physicians, accused his detractors of trying to bully him into silence.
ukip leader said he was happier accepting migrants from australian and india because they could speak english and understand legal system. mr farage also admitted today that he went 'a bit wonky' and made mistakes at the start of ukip's election campaign.    he said he purposely ramped up the rhetoric to 'wake people up'   but insisted he was'rejuvenated' and looking forward to the rest of the campaign.
the st. regis abu dhabi's signature suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world. the 1,120 sq metre room is suspended 200m above the ground, overlooking the arabian gulf. there are three bedrooms, a pantry, a full dining room, library and cinema. the in-room spa features a private steam room, sauna, jacuzzi and a helipad. to rent the luxury hotel room, guests pay £18,188 per night.
new zealand prime minister john key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. the waitress was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife. mr key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
david cameron and boris johnson visited advantage children's day nursery in surbiton, south west london. were promoting tory plans to double free childcare for 600,000 children aged three and four. but the pm and london mayor struggled with a jigsaw teaching toddlers about the seasons. after taking nine minutes to complete the puzzle, the pair tried their hand at finger painting with blue paint.
the family of stephanie scott's accused murdered vincent stanford have offered their condolences to the leeton schoolteacher's family and friends. vincent, 24, is accused of murdering ms scott, 26, on easter sunday and dumping her body in bushland. a memorial service for the teacher will take place at the venue where her wedding was to be held on wednesday. leeton mayor paul maytom said the mother of the accused killer is traumatised by the tragedy. ms sc scott was due to marry fiance aaron leeson-woolley in june.
david healy is head of psychiatry at the hergest psychiatric unit in bangor, north wales. he said the success of ssri drugs was based on the'marketing of a myth'   other psychiatrists have refuted the professor’s claims, saying the controversy might harm patients.
tianwen chen, 65, and his wife gairen guo, 60, found their first child in a box on the side of the road in 1989. they have adopted 40 disabled children over the past 26 years. sadly nine of the children died and another 12 were adopted by other families. the couple are now living comfortably with 12 of the disabled children after donations from the public.
prince william has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. quentin letts says he is a 'properly modern man' but as a royalist and father of three he thinks it's'mad'   'for the next six weeks, and possibly beyond, the prince will be on domestic parade' at the nursery door of his stately home.
jackson byrnes, 18, was told he had only weeks to live after being diagnosed with a brain tumour. only one surgeon in australia was willing to perform the risky operation. renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo was the only surgeon in the country willing to operate on the teen. jackson underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on wednesday. the teen woke up from the seven-hour operation with the ability to move his body and thank his surgeon. his family and friends have raised more than $95,000 for jackson's $80,000 operation.
amy schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of kim kardashian and kanye west on the red carpet at the time 100 gala at the lincoln center in new york city on tuesday. the couple are being celebrated in the time's 100 most influential people in the world. amy was dressed in a sophie theallet gown.
manhattan-based skin laundry is a popular new york-based laser facial clinic. clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner before getting the treatment. the clinic says the treatment takes ten minutes and can reduce wrinkles, clear acne, and minimize scarring. there have been no reported deaths from the procedure so far.
stephanie scott's funeral was held at eat your greens in central-west nsw on wednesday. hundreds of people gathered to pay their respects to the beloved leeton school teacher. ms scott was allegedly murdered on easter sunday, just days before her wedding. her fiance, aaron leeson-woolley, was the pall bearer at the funeral. her family and friends released hundreds of yellow balloons into the air as her casket was carried away.
seven-year-old colin gilpatric wrote a letter to star wars creator george lucas asking him to change the rule that bans jedi knights from marrying. forming emotional attachments is said by the fictional order to lead jedis to the 'dark side'   colin, who has autism, was devastated to learn that he would never be able to marry. lucasfilm sent a package to colin in the mail with a reply granting his request.
11 leading figures from nine parties write joint letter to the times questioning decision not to prosecute lord janner. accuse director of public prosecutions alison saunders of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system. labour's simon danczuk leads the cross-party group of politicians in the letter.    cps has been accused of double standards after 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences.
sgt. daniel knapp from jacksonville, north carolina, received combat medals after serving in afghanistan. he has been denied re-enlistment due to the marine corps' strict policy on body ink. knapp has a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for marine riflemen on his forearm to commemorate his previous deployment. he is considering joining the army which has less stringent rules about tattoos.
joanessa clawson, her husband james clawson and her mother patti ann baldassarre face felony conspiracy charges. they allegedly set up a fake gofundme page asking for donations for their three-year-old daughter. claimed she was in hospital with a heart infection after surgery and asked for $3,000. a teacher asked police to check on the wellbeing of the girl and found she was fine. the family has been accused of running scams in the past and running a wedding photography business in california.
dr. george nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on sunday afternoon at the crystal lake cemetery in minneapolis while visiting his wife velta's grave. he was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head after he was allegedly beaten with a snowbrush. nagobads was team doctor for the famous'miracle on ice' team that won olympic gold in 1980 and was the doctor for five u.s. men's hockey squads.
mr miliband said he would have to pay proposed £250 a month'mansion tax' on homes worth more than £2million. labour leader's home is worth 'between £2m and £3m' but he insists he does not live in a mansion. claim comes despite revelations his victorian town house has two kitchens.
ganjendra singh, 41, hanged himself from a tree in the capital delhi during a public protest over land rights. he told onlookers he could no longer afford to feed his three children. mr singh was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd. he was later declared dead at hospital.
home-schooled jonah willow played russian grandmasteralexander cherniaev for two hours before suggesting a draw. father simon scott said the 45-year-old was left thinking for 15 minutes after one of his son's moves. the 12-year old was playing in a nottingham chess congress tournament.
'swazi gold' is a potent strain of the plant grown in south africa's sovereign state of swaziland. poverty-stricken grandmothers are growing it, and drug mules are smuggling it out of the country. youths as young as 14 are mixing swazi gold with heroin to form nyope, a highly addictive drug. bbc's stacey dooley investigates investigates the drug trade in the uk's biggest cannabis supplier.
phoebe jo chapman, 42, turned herself in to police on tuesday morning and was charged with three counts of sexual assault. she is accused of having sex with three different male students while teaching at lowndes high school in valdosta, georgia. the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys. chapman resigned from the school as the investigation was underway.
geraldine r. jones, 36, of gary, indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of samantha fleming, 23. police say jones pretended to be a child services worker in order to steal fleming's 17-day-old daughter, serenity, and claim the child as her own. fleming was found stabbed to death in a garbage bag with 10 stab wounds in a closet at jones' home on april 6. police believe jones lured fleming from her home and brought the baby with her. she told police jones was pregnant with twins and that one of the children died at birth.
tesco’s clothing brand f&f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market. it comes in sizes six to 18 and can be worn again instead of being stashed away. the dress is a mixture of nylon, cotton and polyester and is available online for £80.
more than five million australian visas are expected to be issued to students, tourists and workers this year. as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under. a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015.
12 of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing, one flight was diverted and two made an emergency mayday call. figures have re-opened argument about whether prolonged exposure to air in planes is safe. dorset coroner sheriff payne warned airlines must take action to prevent passenger deaths. it is suspected british airways pilot richard westgate had aerotoxic syndrome.
fire boat massey shaw was requisitioned from the london fire brigade in 1940 and transported to dunkirk to help with the evacuation of troops. it helped to save 600 british soldiers and returned to london to save st paul's cathedral. it took six years to restore the 80-year-old vessel and volunteers are now hoping to transport it back to the beaches. the boat is still capable of pumping out 3,000 gallons of water every minute - the same as four fire engines.
marcus copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at caernarfon crown court. he was told he faces jail after admitting lying on mortgage forms to secure £800,000 home. the mortgage broker, from north wales, was once named best mortgage broker in the midlands and wales. he spent £1million on six-bedroomed eco house in the countryside and said he'spared no expense' to build it. he admitted two counts of fraud and pleaded guilty to five charges of deception.
national front leader marine le pen, 46, says it shows her party's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic. leader of anti-immigration front spoke of representing a 'great political force'   recently announced she would oppose her father jean-marie le pen's candidacy in france's regional elections.
biologists at goethe university frankfurt, germany, studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes. they found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that pull them together like a zip. the researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds.
ronan ghosh, 39, heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million and lives in a £500,000 home. he was caught on cctv shoplifting meat and wine from a tesco store in birmingham. he pleaded guilty to theft and was given a 12-month community order and must pay £575 in costs.
surgeon sergio canavero says he is ready to be branded dr frankenstein. claims it would take less than an hour to carry out the operation in china if he is banned from doing so in europe or russia. claims the country which hosts the operation will be a 'world leader' like the us. he plans to operate on his first patient, a russian with a rare muscle wasting disease.
actress, 27, welcomed daughter james with ryan reynolds in january. she has been promoting new movie age of adaline. says losing weight hasn't been a priority. has shunned the gym in favour of hiking, walking and yoga. blake says she 'loves' to eat chocolate.
sally lutkin, 49, wanted a rose and her grandchildren's names tattooed on her leg in november 2013. but it became infected and became so swollen she was in agony and couldn't walk. she had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week after the botched tattoo. after an emergency operation she was left with a black hole and a scar in her leg. she has vowed never to have another tattoo again and still has a scar even 18 months after the ordeal.
'milifans' are rallying support for labour leader ed miliband using the twitter hashtag #milifandom. largely teenage fans have posted tweets of affection for the opposition leader. the labour leader has remained tight-lipped on what he thinks of the fan club. he has been the subject of a social media storm as a group of female fans are rallying behind him.
the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as gwyneth paltrow. but can a woman with 34g curves look fab in a dress with a plunging neckline? author, 48, tries out five of the most flattering and flattering.
stewart brand, president of the long now foundation and editor of the whole earth catalogue, believes the focus on mass extinctions may be harmful. he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction. the rate of discovery of new species is currently outstripping the loss of species to extinction. mr brand says many threatened species are recovering and many are recovering.
scott keyes, a 28-year-old writer for think progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights in first class. he has revealed his travel hacks in two ebooks on how to fly for free and how to find cheap flights. he will be travelling to 13 countries in europe and south and north america. keyes will be using credit cards to rack up frequent flyer miles for free.
john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice about appointing her as us ambassador to ghana and czechoslovakia. he said she was 'emotionally unstable' and that her mother 'interfered in their affairs'   other people including ronald reagan and richard nixon endorsed her for the post. temple was a child star but later turned to public service and was us ambassador.
in two years the thames bath lido should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project. the pool will sit near blackfriars bridge and will have two pools and a training pool. artist tracy emin and david walliams have said they will be the first to swim in the new pool. the original idea was conceived by three londoners to create a swimming pool in the capital.
youth entertainer yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead. he wanted to 'flip the script' and find out if it was acceptable for the rich to give money to the poor. when he offered a man a $10 bill, the man threw it at him and said 'i don't need your f***ing money'   another man told erak at to 'p*** off, mate' when he's offered to pay for a man's parking meter.
number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair is on the rise, according to beauty experts. fiona steane is 50 with 3ft long hair,  sarah rihal is also 50 and has 3ft 5in of hair.    some of britain’s real-life rapunzels show off their locks and explain why they’d never go for the chop.
the video was recorded in the state of washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in july of last year. the three ex-cops are former police officers rene, robert and david. the video was produced by youtube channel cut and released on april 20, the national day for getting high. the men discuss the dangers and benefits of using marijuana while smoking from a bong.
latasha gosling, 27,  and her two daughters, janyaa, 4, and jenika, 8, and her son landen, 7, were found murdered at their home in tisdale, saskatchewan.   the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and had a six-month-old baby with him.
labour leader ed miliband has consistently polled low in popularity ratings. but twitter users are attempting to make him look cool by editing his face on to famous men's bodies. the labour leader's face is superimposed on to the bodies of marlon brando and harrison ford. miliband's image has gained a reputation for being awkward in awkward pictures.
memphis city council agreed that hound dog ii and lisa marie can be moved from graceland's grounds. the two planes have been at the estate since the 1980s. they are to be moved to a site nearby and will form a separate museum. elvis bought both planes in 1975 for $900,000 and was his back-up jet.
gulam chowdhury, 24, stabbed love rival mohammed yasser afzal 20 times at an east london cab office. he quoted verses from the quran before stabbing his victim at the old bailey.   court heard that mr afzals had threatened to show intimate pictures of nargis riaz, 22, to her imam father. chow dhury was found guilty of murder and was acquitted of assisting an offender. co-defendant muhammed khan, 23, was acquitted    ms riaz was also standing trial for murder and faces a retrial.
veteran espn reporter shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer. smith revealed on twitter last october that she had cancer, and since then has undergone chemotherapy. she will make her first appearance on april 30, just before the nfl draft, interviewing heisman trophy winner marcus mariota. will undergo five more rounds of chemotherapy after the draft.
aaron siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14. torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation. a billboard featuring the officer and his dog has been erected in kenosham, wisconsin. siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful' and are asking for it to be taken down. the kenosha professional police association claims that no offence was intended.
the yeatman is portugal’s first luxury wine hotel and has been open for just five years. all of its 82 rooms face the river and are themed after a portuguese winery. the hotel is built into a hill in vila nova de gaia, with sweeping views of porto and the douro river.
tom mctevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend tina hoisington, 45, near an overlook at lake pend oreille in bonner county, idaho, on sunday. he was left without the use of his legs following another atv accident in 2004, when he was an orofino police officer. when the group stopped for a photo, his atv got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and plunged 500 feet. he and his passenger were both killed. he had long campaigned for wheelchair users to get better access to outdoor activities.
james boase, landlord of the coppa dolla pub in devon, was convicted of drink driving. he had been drinking with a friend in torquay on march 13, 2014. the 36-year-old publican claimed he was sleepwalking and woke up beside his car. boase failed to stop after hitting another car and was found standing next to the vehicle. he was found guilty of drink-driving, failing to stop and driving dangerously. the pub landlord has vowed to never drink again and was disqualified from driving.
zulu king goodwill zwelithini has been blamed for sparking the violence against foreigners in south africa.    he labelled homosexuals as 'rotten' and said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave in a speech last month. the king's opulent marriage to his sixth wife zola mafu in july cost an estimated £250,000. 11 men have been arrested in johannesburg suspected of involvement in the violence.
kate roberts, 24, noticed her son miles had a slightly different shaped head when he was born. at three months, he was diagnosed with flat head syndrome. the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the skull to bulge out. it is thought to be caused by babies sleeping on their back. as it is not medically dangerous, the nhs does not pay for treatment for the condition. mrs thomas researched the condition online and raised £2,000 in just 24 hours to pay for a helmet for her son.
grey and white cat marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between two garages in hanham, bristol. he was left dangling upside down in the gap for two hours and the rspca were unable to coax him out. firefighters were forced to chisel through a brick wall to free the pet cat. marv was eventually reunited with his owner's daughters and was uninjured.
nye held court with press before boarding the airliner, telling them that he loves the smell of jet fuel. obama flew nearly 2,000 miles round-trip on earth day to the florida swamp and back, a 1,836 mile trip. nye is a television personality and author known for his 90s show 'bill nye the science guy'   obama used the earth day trip to promote his administration's commitment to cutting carbon pollution and preserving the wetlands.
philip garrod, 43, was caught by a speed camera doing 105mph on his powerful suzuki motorbike. he was on his way to work with welsh ambulance service when he was caught. pleaded guilty to speeding and was fined £650 with six points for the offence. he asked judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban. claimed he was rushing to work but was caught out when bosses checked 999 records. was struck off after being found guilty of misconduct at a disciplinary hearing.
colin hendry, 49, was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a cocktail bar. he was seen driving at up to 50mph while drunk after a row with his then girlfriend sarah kinder. police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines. the former premier league player has been banned from driving for 17 months.
major general allen batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the army are currently refused because they are too heavy. he warns that as many as half of young americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. of the 195,000 young people who signed up to fight for our country in 2014, only 72,000 qualified. the maximum body fat percentage that the army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent.
stanford computer science student lea coligado, 21, created women of silicon valley after experiencing bias against women in the tech industry. the blog features photos and stories of talented women working in the industry.   the goal of the blog is to showcase 'living examples of female success' and encourage women to be proud of their achievements.
the australian vaccination skeptics network posted an image to their facebook page comparing compulsory vaccination to rape. the image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by social services minister scott morrison. it shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth and a vaccination needle. social media users labelled the post 'tasteless', 'disgusting' and a possible trigger for sexual assault victims. a president of the group said the message had nothing to do with the group. the group is an anti-vaccinations lobby group.
the 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in delhi’s safdarjung hospital with 70 per cent burns. she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside to relieve herself. her family reportedly told her to keep quiet about the attack.
the brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in totnes in devon - the first in europe - as a mark of the town's pride for gay community. but experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with alzheimer's. a trained dementia champion had contacted the group warning of the health impact.
for those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person. many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, irs commissioner john koskinen said. irs diverted millions from taxpayer services and other areas to pay for president barack obama's health law. the agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010.
the findings are based on a study of 95,000 young people. studies over the last 15 years have ruled out a link between the mmr vaccine and autism. autism affects as many as one in 68 children in the u.s. and is on the rise. studies found no link between vaccines and autism among high risk children.
five nursing students from georgia southern university were killed in a chain-reaction crash on interstate 16 near savannah. all five were juniors at the university and were driving separately in two passenger vehicles. a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic. the students were commuting to st. joseph's hospital in savannah for their last day of clinical training. three people also were injured and seven vehicles were damaged in the accident.
'if hillary clinton can't satisfy her husband, what makes her think she can satisfy america?' tweeted a texas-cowgirl college student on thursday. a staffer to real estate magnate donald trump retweeted the off-color joke and later deleted it. sawyer burmeister, a social media staffer to trump, deleted the tweet after receiving a backlash. trump's office confirmed on friday that the tweet was retweeted by a trump employee and that he deleted it as soon as he saw it. bill clinton, the former secretary of state, had an affair with a white house intern.
letting agent posted advert on gumtree for a generous double room in peckham, south-east london. the flat is in a trendy borough of london, close to amenities and a stone's throw from the city. but the ceiling leaks onto the bed and there is no plan to fix it.
davion navar henry only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. in 2013 he made a plea for a family to 'love him forever' at his florida church. davion only was formally adopted by his former caseworker connie bell going on wednesday. she has known the teen since he was seven years old and has been by his side for two years.
the four seasons private jet was unveiled in a minute-long video. each four seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation and planned excursions. the private jet includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks dom pérignon champagne. the experience costs around £63,000 a trip and is available for private charter.
judge john koeltl ruled that the ad is speech protected under the first amendment. new york's metropolitan transportation authority said the ad could incite violence. the ad was created by the pro-israel lobby group american freedom defense initiative. the mta said it was a parody of the'myjihad' ads that are displayed on the subway.
hollywood power couple brad pitt and angelina jolie pitt have a net worth of £260million. the couple stay at a variety of luxury hotels around the world. they have booked out an entire floor of the five-star hilton malta for £130 a night.
gang of six men from banbury, oxfordshire, jailed for a total of 31 years for string of sexual offences against teenager girls. offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape. the girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted at under-18s parties organised by ahmed hassan-sule, 21. men lured victims to parties organised on social media and abused them in cars, woods or at defendants' homes. the men were found guilty of the offences at oxford crown court in march and have been jailed for between three and nine years.
the hole opened up on earl street, northampton, at about 2pm on thursday. police quickly closed off the road, causing traffic chaos as people swerved out of the way. it appeared just hours after part of a pavement collapsed in london. one eyewitness said the road 'gave way slowly' and was eight foot wide.
two people on flight 271 from paris to newark complained of nausea and possible minor injuries. delta flight was diverted to logan international in boston after making an emergency landing. one passenger compared the extreme turbulence to 'king kong picking up the plane and shaking it'   the flight was unable to land at newark and attempted to land in new york.
red fox spotted a deer bone on a frozen lake in furen in japan and begins to fight a flock of crows and an eagle for the lunch. the animal is pictured vying for a large deer bone as he crosses the frozen lake. but the fox takes a tumble and appears to lose the fight for the bone to a pair of eagles.
the boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at bennett elementary in bennett, colorado last week. his mother said the school district was refusing to pay for the healthcare costs. he has been tested for every stds including hiv, hepatitis c, herpes, gonorrhea and chlamydia.
johnny depp plays notorious boston gangster james 'white' bulger in the film black mass. the first trailer for the biopic on the life of the notorious criminal was released thursday. depp is completely transformed for the role of the infamous criminal. he plays the man who topped the fbi's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011. the film is due to be released this september.
labour leader ed miliband will pledge to ‘restore britain’s commitment’ to the european union in rare foreign policy speech. mr miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on europe, saying it is ‘very unlikely’ there will be one. he will accuse david cameron of ‘taking britains to the edge of exit’ from the union.
new ask reddit thread invited disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive. nearly 4,000 people made comments in the space of a day. many disabled people said it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' by others. many people accused of 'faking' their disabilities or playing up.
new zealand prime minister john key repeatedly pulled the waitress' hair while she was working at a cafe in auckland. the waitress has been revealed as amanda bailey. the 26-year-old took to an online blog to detail mr key's behaviour. she said she published the details of his behaviour as she 'expected more from him'   but mrkey defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
masood mansouri, 33, from saltney, flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault. 20-year-old woman told police she flagged down mansouri's car believing he was a taxi driver. it is alleged he took her to his home and sexually assaulted and raped her. five days later she took an overdose of her mother's blood pressure tablets and died. mansouri denies three counts of kidnapping, sexual assault and rape.
new report claims serial killer ivan milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers. channel seven's sunday night program claims the 'wrong man' was jailed for milat's first crime. milat was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992.    milat would have been about 19 when he claimed his first victim.  the killer's brother, boris milat, shares a secret he has kept for 52 years about his brother's'secret victim'
wendy l. patrick says we fell for belle gibson because we love heartwarming stories, especially comeback stories. belle has admitted she made up her cancer story. she says people wanted to believe in belle's story, as we believed in her. credibility clouds perception and we are likely to believe people even when they are lying.   belle is an attractive, likeable young woman with an endearing personality and a charming personality.
patrick james fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter. stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern utah after using bus's on-board list to try and abduct a girl. he is on utah's sex offender registry after pleading guilty in 2004 to the crimes.
institute for fiscal studies said ed miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow labour to borrow £90billion more than the tories by 2020. this would rise to £280b in extra debt by the end of the next decade if labour remained in power. think-tank said labour was 'a risk to our recovery, a risk to the economy and jobs'    labour's failure to control borrowing would leave britain 'less well placed to deal with future adverse events'
michael david ikeler, 36, of torrance, was arrested april 9 and has pleaded not guilty to three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl. the little girl was found naked and naked in a parking lot at jim's burgers in gardena, california, on april 2. police had released cctv footage of a white nissan altima after she was abducted from a car wash. a neighbor saw the footage on the news and noticed ikela altering the appearance of his car. he was arrested and charged with lewd act upon a child and sexual assault. ikeles lives with his 18
bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the fbi is offering a $20,000 reward for information about his whereabouts. patel allegedly beat his wife to death with a kitchen knife at a dunkin' donuts in maryland on april 12. palak bhadreskumar patel's body was found in the kitchen of the fast-food chain. police believe patel fled to new jersey to escape state charges. he was last seen at a hotel near newark international airport shortly after his wife was killed.
the slants say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur. the band applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged asians. the u.s. court of appeals rejected the band's argument that the government's refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights.
sociology professor mario gaviria wants same recognition as stonehenge, the taj mahal and the great wall of china. argues that benidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible. high rise holiday resort dating to the 1960s wants to reinvent its own image. spain already boasts more than 40 unesco world heritage sites.
the 29-year-old actor stars in the west end play american buffalo and ryan gosling's new film weightless. he has been dating sienna miller since 2011 and is known for being shy and reserved. he counts robert pattinson and andrew garfield among his best friends.
robert downey jr walked out on an interview after being asked about his personal life. channel 4 news presenter krishnan guru-murthy tried to ask him about drug-taking past. the actor was promoting avengers: age of ultron in london. he is not the first celebrity to lose his cool during an awkward interview. naomi campbell, robert pattinson and peter andre have all walked out of interviews.
farmer ashley stewart and his wife felicity found a baby kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013. two years on, the joey has convinced himself that he is a dog. he spends his days with ashley and felicity stewart's dogs rosie and lilly on their farm in western australia. dusty sleeps and eats with the dogs, sleeps with them on a dog bed, and even tries to sneak dog treats. he rides around the property in the back of mr stewart's truck along with the couple's dogs.
a young woman found a mildly venomous brown tree snake in her shopping trolley at coles in caboolture, north of brisbane. the unnamed woman found the snake in an empty trolley in an underground car park. she pushed the trolley up the escalator before realising it was a snake. snake catcher richie gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland.
kimberley donoghue, 28, from ponthenri, south wales, fell down stairs carrying decorations just four days before her wedding. she broke her leg and fractured a bone in her foot and had to wear a cast under her dress. was wheeled into church by her dad and forced to sit to take her vows. has postponed official wedding photographs until the plaster is off.
ashton taylor, 21, from perth, has slammed whole pantry founder belle gibson over her false cancer survival story. she was diagnosed with a severe brain condition in july 2013. miss taylor has undergone 15 brain surgeries - lasting seven hours for each operation. the university student said an apology from gibson won't cut it. gibson confessed she had made up her story about having terminal brain cancer.
deborah roberts, 53, forced the tissue into phyllis hadlow's mouth at kent and canterbury hospital. she also poured water over the dementia patient, telling other staff:'my son said you can do it to them'    she was found guilty of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity but avoided a prison sentence.
rupa huq is standing for ed miliband’s party in a key marginal seat in west london. said fellow candidates who had turned down the cash were ‘sticking their noses up’ at mr blair. she is the sister of former blue peter presenter konnie huqu and actively campaigned against the war. in march, three labour parliamentary candidates turned down their £1,000 donations from the prime minister.
the blaze took place at a building located on a flint intersection, and started at about 1pm on wednesday. a strip club named the body shop used to be housed at the site. only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected. local resident terry rauh told mlive a fire took place at the building once before.
out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly, say experts. almost three-quarters of uk holidaymakers are at risk of uv exposure because they use out-of date sun cream. experts advise playing it safe and restocking your supllies.
fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the atm as they withdrew the pensioner's cash. pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons. they were filmed using the same cards, laughing and joking as they stole £150 from a cash machine in coventry.
the images show boko haram jihadis casually posing in front of black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles. they are taken in the forests of north-eastern nigeria and carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official isis releases. release comes as nigerian soldiers retreated from group's last known stronghold in the sambisa forest. three pro-government vigilantes were killed in the area by landmine this morning.
aj francis, 24, is a regular user of the taxi app and sent an application to work for the firm during the off-season. the miami dolphins defensive tackle is set to make $510,000 next season as a professional player. the 6ft 5in, 330lb nfl player said 'it would be a cool way to get some extra cash'    francis is a fan of odd jobs and previously worked as a deli worker and a bouncer at a night club.
albert davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses. when he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in surrey which was valued at £4.25million. he and his second wife penny ann davison, 59, fought a bitter battle through divorce courts for four years over his fortune. she was awarded just £750,000 but claims his death has freed up more of his cash to avoid a huge tax bill.
marana police officer michael rapiejko rammed his patrol car into armed robbery suspect mario valencia. he told investigators it was either'shoot him or run him over' after he allegedly fired a shot from a rifle into the air. police officer told investigators that valencia had left him with no other choice but to use deadly force. dash cam footage emerged showing him mounting the curb and mowing down the 36-year-old suspect. police chief terry rozema has since spoken out to defend officer's actions in the town of marana.
keepers at the columbus zoo say ten-year-old irisa had mated before but never conceived. however, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets. while the birth on tuesday morning went smoothly, irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator.
former president bill clinton received $500,000 for a moscow speaking engagement with renaissance capital, a company linked to russia. clinton and chelsea clinton foundation will re-file at least five annual tax returns to correct errors in how it reported income from foreign governments. the clinton family foundation was helping approve russia's purchase of u.s. uranium production as her foundation received millions from executives tied to the deal.
evnika saadvakass, from kazakhstan, became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old. she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. the video was viewed around three million times. evnika's father rustam quickly cycles his hands to keep up with her punch demand.
brendan cordina drove for four days to find his grandfather's world war ii medals after two years of searching. captain jack slade passed away when mr cordina was 12-years-old. the 36-year-old was told the medals were'more important to the museum' at darwin military museum. he started a petition to get the medals back and received 15,000 signatures in under 24 hours. the museum director said he respected the intent of the donor to donate the medals to the public.
unidentified 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden in leeds. she was raped by the man and left for dead in the attack last month. west yorkshire police have released a new e-fit of the attacker, who is still at large. victim will speak out in tonight's episode of crimewatch in which she says she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams.
a federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on wednesday. barry bonds was convicted of the obstruction charge in 2011, and was sentenced to 30 days of home confinement and two years probation. he was found guilty of one count of obstruction ofjustice. bonds was accused of telling a grand jury in 2003 that he was a 'celebrity child' during an investigation into performance-enhancing drugs.
alex vella has been banned from returning to australia by the federal court. the government cancelled the rebels bikie gang president's visa while he was overseas last year.   police say vella led a violent gang involved in kidnapping, extortion and drug dealing. vella is a millionaire businessman and president of the rebels outlaw motorcycle gang since 1973. he has failed to stop the government's decision to ban him from re-entering the country. the court this week ordered vella to pay all court costs and leave his family in malta,    he has sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle.
yamini karanam, 26, a student at indiana university, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain. she was struggling to understand things she had read and felt lost in conversations. doctors feared the growth was a cancerous tumour but it was in fact a teratoma - a growth containing bone, hair and teeth. she branded the tumour her 'evil twin sister who's been torturing me for 26 years' but tests revealed it was benign and she is recovering well.
the service, called project fi, costs $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month. project fi will be hosted through sprint corp and t-mobile's networks. it will work only on the company's nexus 6 phones and only in the us. google is selling the basic phone service for $20.
the alarm failed at the former president's houston residence in september 2013 and even though the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014, it took until december to install it. it came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced. bush and his wife barbara bush did not have a working alarm at their home for 15 months. the oversight is just the latest in a string of blunders by the agency. bush tweeted that he has 'great respect' for the security team.
duke university researchers compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change. it says climate models don't account for natural variability in surface temperatures. these 'climate wiggles' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade. but they could also cause the planet to warm up much faster than expected. the study compared 1,000 years of temperature records to the ipcc's climate change projections. it found the climate model may have been an over-interpretation of temperature trends.
three men in their 50s arrested on suspicion of murder of missing chef claudia lawrence have been released on bail. all three men are from the york area and were questioned over night by police. miss lawrence was reported missing by her father peter on march 18, 2009. a man in his 50s was arrested in march in connection with the chef's murder but remains on police bail. specialist forensic officers have searched the houses of the three men and their gardens.
air transport safety bureau released its report into the 'wheels up landing' on december 12, 2014 at jabiru airport, southeast of darwin. the pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft when he became distracted by one of his passengers. he blamed the passenger for coughing 'incessantly' into his headset during a short flight in the northern territory . however the report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the c-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment. there were no injuries to the pilot or passengers but the aircraft was damaged.
nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police in england and wales last year, up 2 per cent from 2013. record number of rapes and sexual offences up 32 per cent to 80,200, or 220 a day. experts say rise is due in part to high profile historic cases like jimmy savile's. police recorded 515 homicides but the number of sex attacks was the highest ever.
marissa holcomb was held at gunpoint at popeyes in channelview, texas, on march 31 by a man with a handgun. she refused to pay back the $400 cash from the till and was fired. popeyes said it was against the policy to have so much cash in the till. the mother-of-three is five months pregnant with her fourth child. she has now been offered her job back but is unsure whether she wants to take it.
more than 250,000 visitors have already visited the former concentration camp this year, up 40 per cent on last year. memorial site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to ensure entry. just 30 people are allowed to visit auschwitz i - the original camp - at any one time.
kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days. parenting blogger emily-jane clark has compiled a list of tips for a mother of two. she says having two children is significantly harder than having one. avoiding a double buggy, buying several blue bowls and not trying to get anything done is among the top tips.
ben thurlow attacked emergency worker rebecca hudson while she tried to treat his head injury. the 23-year-old had been drinking heavily after splitting up with his girlfriend. he was suffering from a suspected concussion and needed treatment for the injury. paramedics were forced to call police, who had to escort him in the ambulance to hospital. but on the journey to hospital he again attacked the paramedic and knocked her over. he has been spared jail and was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months.
carrie reichert, 43, claims she shared a 'hot, deep kiss' with prince harry during infamous party night in vegas in 2012. she has previously said she has a pair of prince's underpants she plans to use in strip-tease act. she says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw him playing strip billiards . kensington palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the prince's vip suite. miss reicert has released a teaser from her upcoming book in the eye of the royal story about the night.
gareth blanks was attacked as he walked back from the shops in truro, cornwall, after buying a chocolate bar. three men and a woman punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and body. mr blanks, 31, was attacked because he has autism and looks vulnerable. more than 1,500 people have come out in support of him after the attack. his family say it will take him a long time to recover and he has been left with mental scars.
flight company just the flight have researched city nicknames all over the world to create a handy infographic. some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city, others refer to industry or industry. las vegas is known as'sin city' - but the nickname dates back to a building used by prostitutes.
chairman sir david walker defended the bank’s decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses at annual general meeting. sir david said the bank had to pay ‘competitively’ to attract the best talent. group chief executive antony jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to £5.5million. barclays is currently waiting for a huge fine for manipulating the £3trillion foreign exchange market.
jamie jewitt, 24, and henry rogers, 22, weighed 18st at their heaviest. jamie weighed 15st before 15th birthday and was self-conscious about her looks. went on two-year diet, including going vegan for a year, to lose weight. now stars in campaigns for tom ford, armani, prada and dolce & gabbana.
tesco under pressure to axe 200 stores - on top of 100 already closed or cancelled. it is the largest annual loss ever declared by a british retailer. mary portas says the problem with tesco 'is that no one really likes the company'   former m&s chief executive sir richard greenbury blames 'tesco's grandeur'
wesley burton, who worked at kpfa, was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury in berkeley, california. the 36-year-old had worked at the radio station for 20 years. burton had three children - santiago, enrique, and samaya. his wife lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information to come forward.
sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in terror group's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear. leaflet threatens buyer and seller of nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment. news comes after one militant compared the brand's popularity to wearing a christian cross.
romanian company mb telecom has revealed the roboscan 2m aeria. it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside.    it is being developed by romanian firm   but the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet. the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb.
the four swedish friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway when they stepped in to stop a brutal beating on a new york subway train. a homeless man was viciously beating another rider on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. the friends, all of whom are police officers in their native sweden, subdued the man and held him until police arrived.
spanish lawyer said she had been'religiously paying taxes' in the uk for 10 years and wants to be able to vote in election. mrs gonzalez durantez said right-wing of the tory party would probably kick her out of the country. lib dem leader nick clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless conservative leadership'   mrs clegg revealed this week she has been running a secret food blog for three years.
former soviet state has gained most from strong pound, which has cut cost of holidaying in europe. black sea resorts offer best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities. it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where cash will go further this summer.
james rebanks studied at the university of oxford before returning to his roots in the lake district. the shepherd’s life is an account of a year in the life of a sheep farmer. the author's family has been farming in the district for at least six centuries.
video shows donald allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer brian barnett, 25, on april 11 in sand springs, oklahoma. officer barnett shot allen dead after he comes at him with the gun. allen was a paranoid schizophrenic with a history of mental illness. the bodycam was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost. it was recovered but the audio from the footage was not.
janice baker kinney, marcella tate, and autumn burns claim to have been abused by bill cosby. they are the latest in a growing list of 38 women to accuse the comedian of sexual assault. cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations. the comedian has cancelled a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour.
jon krakauer released missoula: rape and the justice system in a college town on april 21. the author interviewed five alleged victims of rape at the university of montana. one of the women, kelsey belnap, said she was gang-raped by four football players during a party in december 2010. miss belnaps alleged attackers were never charged. another victim, allison huguet, was raped by the same football player who was sentenced to 10 years in prison.
former first daughter chelsea clinton defended her family philanthropy on thursday in new york, calling it 'among the most transparent of foundations'   the clinton foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign entities in exchange for special favors from the state department when hillary clinton was secretary of state. the foundation erroneously reported it had received no funds from governments for three years – even though it previously received millions – and now has to refile its tax returns. hillary was helping approve russia's purchase of uranium production as her foundation received millions from executives tied to the deal.
chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising . a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use. the bike washing machine was created by students at dalian nationalities university. the device is perfect for those struggling to find space for both a machine and an exercise bike.
eloise parry, known as ella, 21, died this week after taking a lethal overdose of diet pills. she died after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol, or dnp. her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat after taking the tablets. her mother has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online. she said her daughter never intended to take her own life, she just didn't understand the danger of taking the pills. dnp was originally used in war weapons and was banned in the uk in 1938.
the residence: inside the private world of the white house. by kate andersen brower is a book about the staff of the president's residence. the staff all live out in washington and commute in to the mansion. it is a respected power symbol for americans, but not loved by non-americans.
thenga adams, flying from guyana in south america was arrested at jfk airport on april 7 for allegedly smuggling $30,000 worth of cocaine in his sneakers. adams faces federal drug smuggling charges. this is the second person in two weeks to be caught trying to smuggle drugs at the airport.
temperatures of up to 20c in some parts of the country today after a week of unusually warm weather. prime minister david cameron described st george's day as 'a day to be celebrate all that makes england great'   parades and morris men were seen across the country, with more than 200 people attending the annual 'royal' parade in nottingham. it comes after temperatures reached 20.9c in parts of north yorkshire.
aimee craven, of hull, east yorkshire, took home £20 tesco horse after spotting it on a train the previous week. 32-year-old care worker thought it had been left by its owner and took it home. british transport police officers trawled through cctv footage to track down mother-of-one. took her off a train as she travelled to work in brough and accused of trying to shield it from cctv. miss craven was driven home in a police van and faces caution for theft - but is waiting to see if charged.
calf is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm in narnaul, northern india. he has been called nandi - a nickname for lord krishna - and is being worshipped by locals. but he can only take in milk through two of his mouths. he is healthy and thriving and attracting a stream of human visitors.
three main parties' education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with next education secretary sending children to private school. tristram hunt, labour’s shadow education secretary, said it was 'in certain circumstances'    labour leader ed miliband refused to publicly support anas sarwar when he sent his son to a private school . just seven per cent of children in the uk are privately educated.
brett robinson, 33, faces charges of sexual misconduct and official misconduct at washington county jail. accused of having sex with male inmate six times over four months between march and july last year. she was working as a services technician at the jail. a judge ruled wednesday that her attorneys waited too long to file an insanity defense, ruling evidence that she was suffering from mental illness as insufficient. robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct.
jacksonville, florida photographer kristina bewly took her daughter giselle to disney world in september 2014 and they've been visiting the theme park monthly ever since. giselsle visits the park every month and wears a new princess outfit her mother sews for her.   gisella has down syndrome and her mother says visiting the park has helped her become more comfortable with people and act less shy.
ukip insists st george would have been welcomed to britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer. the party announced that it would make it a bank holiday in england today.    party has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country.
the 50-foot whale was still on the pacifica state beach on wednesday after washing up last week. it's unclear how the whale died but it doesn't appear to have broken bones or signs of blunt force trauma. the body of the sperm whale was tagged with the name of east bay rats motorcycle club.
emotional candle-lit vigils held to remember the 900 migrants who died when boat capsized off libya's coast this weekend. italy's coast guard rescued another 220 migrants from two rubber boats off the coast of sicily today. eu leaders will announce only 5,000 refugees who survive will be granted safe haven in europe and the rest will be sent back. deadliest migrant tragedy on the mediterranean so far took death toll to 1,800 this year.
gang used the power tool to cut through the concrete wall of the secured vault in london's diamond district. hilti dd350 drill was released by scotland yard as officer in charge of investigation said crime was carried out by 'ocean's 11 type team'   police are offering a £20k reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the raid.
police release appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded at the 1989 hillsborough disaster. images released at the request of some of the victims' families at request of investigators. officers had previously been unable to identify the people in the images. police believe those pictured may be able to answer questions of victims' family. images are 26 years old but investigators believe they may help track down key witnesses.
lizzi crawford, 32, from stoke-on-trent, weighed 20 stone and was a size 24 dress. a child on the bus asked her if she was pregnant. the mother-of-six was mortified and decided to slim down. she lost over 7st after joining the gym and joining hourglass training. lizzi also won her battle against cervical cancer after being diagnosed with the disease.
a black woman, tyus byrd, was recently elected mayor of parma, missouri. six city officials quit their jobs shortly after byrd was elected mayor. trish cohen, parma's former police chief, and rich medley, the town's former assistant police chief have revealed the real reasons they stepped down. cohen has said she and medley feared for their safety, and that their home addresses had been shared online by byrd's family members. byrd has said that she doesn't know what the'safety issues' were and that she 'never said anything about cleaning house'
bill gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation'   he says it is unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian. the billionaire founder of microsoft says some of the environmental impacts of meat farming have been overstated. he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the world’s growing population.
made-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag goes on sale for £140,000 at vestiaire collective. the bag is embellished with rubies and comes in a range of colours. hermes is one of the most popular bags of all time. victoria beckham and kim kardashian are fans of the luxury handbag.
mary doyle keefe posed for norman rockwell's iconic rosie the riveter painting as a 19-year-old telephone operator. she became a symbol of feminist power for american women during world war ii. mary died after a brief illness in simsbury, conneticut, aged 92.
european parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic drinks must include calorie counts on their labels. producers of alcoholic drinks are currently exempt from having to reveal nutritional value. winemakers say introducing labelling would lead to an 'intolerable rise in production costs' and hit smaller vineyards.
paul armstrong, 26, of sunderland, flew to cyprus with four friends to start new job as it project manager. he was stopped at airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle duster in his luggage. armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons. the 26-year-old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, at newcastle crown court.
david cameron repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on radio 1's live lounge programme. host chris smith accused of being hostile towards the prime minister, offering to bet £1,000 he wouldn't win a majority. listeners on twitter accused the bbc of 'left-wing hostility' and branded the interview 'appalling'   mr cameron was asked to rule out a deal with northern ireland's dup because of its policies.
adam gadahn was born in 1978 in oregon as adam pearlman. he converted to islam at the age of 17. he was the first american citizen to be charged with treason since the second world war. he had treason charges pending against him when he was killed in a drone strike in january.
bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran could face a firing squad within days. indonesian officials have sent letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners ordering preparations to be made for their executions. the embassy has been summoned to nusakambangan island on saturday.    the executions could be carried out as early as monday or tuesday. chan was arrested in bali in 2005 and claims to be rehabilitated.
chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if ed miliband is at the mercy of snp leader nicola sturgeon. claims it would spark a 'constitutional crisis' if scottish nationalists hold balance of power in uk government. alex salmond boasted he would write labour's first budget because snp would hold power. david cameron warns every mp labour does not win north of the border makes a tory government more likely.
william hilton paul, 22, was cited for a dui on sunday in lexington, kentucky but not arrested. paul was driving a 2006 honda ridgeline when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car. he was treated at a hospital for minor injuries to his face. rand paul is a republican presidential candidate.
new study by lancashire's edge hill university found link between anxiety and performance. found pupils who worry about exam performance are more likely to do badly. femail femail talks to principal at burlington danes academy michael ribton on how to help students. he says parents should draw up a revision timetable and engage with their children.
cult us sitcoms like the big bang theory and how i met your mother will be taken off air for 12 hours on may 7. a specially-produced advert will be played on e4 featuring 'darren' – the man in charge of keeping the channel on air. channel 4 is the most popular channel for under-25s and less than half of them voted in the last election.
two suspected australian terrorists were caught trying to sneak into syria to join the islamic state. the two men were caught on a familiar route leading into the middle east from turkey. turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with australia on wednesday. two men are believed to be still detained in turkey.
many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid and are being left to care for seriously ill patients. fire brigade union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous and becoming more common. ambulance service is becoming increasingly reliant on firemen to attend life-threatening emergencies. fire engines are routinely being turned into makeshift ambulances to ferry patients to a&e.
dr arfon williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in north wales. his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of march. his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is functioning with a skeleton service. dr arfons is now only gp available across the two practices, that serve 4,300 patients. he said the health service is at 'breaking point' and is struggling to provide a safe standard of care.
a second eruption from the calbuco volcano in southern chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash. the volcano erupted unexpectedly on wednesday and sent up to ten billion cubic metres of ash six miles into the air. 4,000 people have been evacuated from cities as far as 18 miles away from the volcano. the first eruption in over four decades sent huge clouds of ash and smoke more than six miles in the air and created a display of lightning and lava.
light general aviation aircraft captured in fort pierce, florida. pilot chris georgaklis, 85, managed to fly 100 miles to fort lauderdale after the incident and landed safely. the plane's propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as it skids along the runway.
chinese traffic police released footage of the unusual scene to warn the public of dangerous road stunts. the man was carrying a minibus strapped to the back of his tiny three-wheel scooter. police believe the driver was carrying the van to the garage after it had a flat tyre.
michael hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980. it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial. new evidence proved he was innocent and he was finally released from jail last november. he said all he wants to do is spend time with his wife and go fishing.
justine jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of tesco finest garnacha wine. her mother jan jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter abi's 18th birthday. but when she opened it she found it contained clear liquid which smelt of bleach . the accountant suffers from rare condition pemphigus and is extremely sensitive to chemicals.
navinder singh sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades over five years. he was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the chicago mercantile exchange. but it took six years for charges to be brought against british man. analysts are shocked that it took so long for action to be taken against him. navinder was accused of causing the wall street 'flash crash' on may 6, 2010, when £570billion was wiped from value of companies.
british and norwegian vets have called eu directives on organic fish treatment'scientifically illiterate' organic farmers must first use'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution' to treat ill fish. farmers are only allowed to use mainstream medical treatments twice per year, or their fish will lose organic certification. the use of homeopathy could lead to'serious animal health and welfare detriment'
acro aircraft seating's new premium economy seat has hand-stitched leather armrests and reclining backrests. thompson aero seating's'meerkat seat' concept has a footrest for a tablet holder. hong kong's paperclip design has a dual-user armrest for passengers in business class.
carole middleton and nanny ms borrallo are already in charge of the royal nursery. the duchess of cambridge and her sister pippa middleton are best friends. the royal baby is expected to spend more time at anmer hall with family and friends.
ruling clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in new orleans. 72-year-old was arrested in march a day before the finale of his hbo docu-series the jinx. he faces a murder charge in an unrelated california case and remains in jail.
hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to u.s. rep mike doyle's office on wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down. a staff member opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and alerted capitol police. tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of room 239 of the cannon house office building was removed. the substance was found to be a non-harmful substance.
study claims these 'taxibots' could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same journey by 90 per cent. it comes amid reports that companies such as google and uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis. google is believed to be working on self-driving cabs, but hasn't revealed details. the study used data from lisbon in portugal to create a simulation of traffic in the city. even with only one passenger per ride and no public transport, the amount of cars dropped by 77 per cent .
barry beavis, 48, was fined £85 after he overstayed 56 minutes in a private car park in chelmsford, essex. he launched a legal bid to overturn his fine saying it was unfair and disproportionate. but judges at the court of appeal ruled the fine was not 'excessively high'   motoring groups accused judges, who are thought to earn more than £200,000 a year, of being 'out of touch' and vowed to appeal.
the prime minister stepped off the sleeper train at penzance station wearing jeans, smart shoes and a navy jacket. he had travelled for eight hours on the journey from paddington station to cornwall. mr cameron is still trailing ed miliband's labour party nationally in the latest yougov poll. he insisted he slept well on the train and said he 'always portrays a calm smoothness'
image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called gum 29, 20,000 light-years from earth. it was taken by the hubble space telescope to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the launch of the observatory tomorrow. the image shows a cluster of stars in the constellation carina, a giant cluster of newborn stars.
david cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain. he said labour's 'failure on immigration' took 13 years to create. under labour, 90 per cent of job growth was taken up by foreign workers, he said. but under the conservatives, two-thirds of the uk's job growth now benefits british citizens.
an ana figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on new york city's 2nd avenue last month. the model was on a blind date at a sushi bar when he was killed in the blast on march 26. she said that she still cries every night and that those responsible for the explosion have not reached out to her. the family say that neither the landlord, mayor bill de blasio nor con edison have contacted them with condolences. the figueraas have set up a memorial at the site of the explosion.
scientists at the university of wisconsin-la crosse have warned bikram yoga raises the risk of heat stroke. practice involves performing 26 poses in a room heated to 40°c (105°f) in a 90-minute session. scientists advise that the standard 90 minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks. a male participant recorded the highest core temperature of 40°c (104°f), while seven volunteers' temperatures reached 39°c.
leading psychologist jo lamble says belle gibson's actions point to both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder. gibson sensationally admitted that her terminal cancer diagnosis was a lie in a tell-all interview. she told the australian women's weekly that 'none of it's true'   lamble believes gibson could be displaying signs of both    she could also be suffering from munchhausen syndrome.   a lack of remorse is a common trait seen in those with anti- social personalities.
paul the apostle converted to christianity after seeing a bright light in the sky and hearing a divine voice. he was blinded for three days after seeing the light and hearing the voice. astronomers say descriptions of paul's experience match accounts of the fireball that exploded above chelyabinsk in russia in 2013.
matt dunford, 30, bombarded brazilian model amanda branco with up to 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of £5,000. fitness fanatic claimed to be 'britain's vainest man' and spent £100,000 on his looks. he set up a fake escort website profile of her and sent it to her mother and sister. dunford was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence and ordered to carry out 120 hours unpaid work.
amelia morton, 23, from birmingham weighed 12-and-a-half stone and was a size 16. was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father: 'boys don't fancy fat girls'   she put on three stone in her first few months of university and spent £5,000 a year on pizza. she signed up to the cambridge weight plan and dropped from 12 and a half stone to 9 and half stone. now a consultant, she is helping other people lose weight through the diet plan.
theresa dybalski, a retired insurance company from lackawanna, new york, won $1million off of a $5 scratch-off lottery ticket. the ticket was given to her by a friend during a birthday lunch. her friend has since died, so dybalski plans to share her winnings with the friend's family. she plans to address 'a couple of issues around the house'
fish and chips is partly portuguese and partly belgian. polo was introduced to brits by locals in the indian state of assam. chipped potatoes are believed to have been invented by a belgian woman in 1680. st george's day is to celebrate everything it is to be english. femail reveals the origins of some of our favourite things.
graeme whipps captured this image of the lyrid meteor shower in the skies above pitcaple in aberdeenshire yesterday. the annual celestial event is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors per hour. the meteor shower has been observed for 2,700 years and is most visible in the northern hemisphere.
catholic church figures show number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. from a low of seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade. 14 of the 45 women who entered convents last year were aged 30 or under.
stacey tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the royal marsden nhs trust. she and partner scott chaplin, 34, who was the ringleader of the plot, were jailed last summer. judge ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail. chaplin claimed he'made nothing' from the scam but was ordered to pay back £115,000. the hospital was left £310,000 out of pocket.
45 per cent of britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards. 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances. one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn. the main reason for lying was to spare the feelings of a partner who earned less.
robert bates, 73, appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of eric harris, 44. reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser and shot dead the man on april 2. investigation in 2009 found that bates was investigated over his questionable training and erratic behavior in the field. other deputies raised concerns about bates' behavior but he told them he could do whatever he wanted. bates shot harris as he fled the scene of an undercover gun-sale operation.
south yorkshire police missed 'intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in rotherham. failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children between 1997 and 2013. national crime agency nca said police force did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence. review was launched in the wake of the damning jay report into child sex abuse in the town.
new picture shows one direction star louis tomlinson poised with suspicious roll-up and appears to roll a joint. picture was taken on wednesday and shows him sitting on sofa with a plastic tub of weed-like substance and rolling paper. he has been seen partying hard in london over the past 48 hours. louis, 23, left london's cirque du soir nightclub at 4am with five girls and returned to his hotel.
meteor shower, visible around the world but best seen from europe, peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour. the lyrid meteor shower has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight. the meteor shower is visible in the night sky but is visible from the uk and other parts of the world.
teacher was teaching the fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque, new mexico. some students were so distressed by what they heard, they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher. the male teacher was suspended on paid leave on monday.
candlestick park has been torn down to make way for houses, a hotel and a shopping center. the iconic sports field was completed in 1960 and was home to the san francisco giants and san francisco 49ers. joe montana led the 49ers to four super bowls while playing at candlestick. the giants left the park at the end of the 1999 season. the park was also home to two world series baseball games and the last appearance of the beatles.
care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses. these include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and administering morphine. almost a quarter giving medication such as morphine or insulin had received no training. worrying conclusions come in survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms.
janet and john brennan bought barnholm castle in dumfries and galloway for just £65,000 in 1997. they have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning it into a luxury home. the castle is on the market for £695,000 even though the couple will lose a six-figure sum. the fortress is thought to have once housed scottish protestant minister john knox as a hiding place.
photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world, including in syria, pakistan and north korea. one image shows female members of the free syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in aleppo.
lawyers for the parents of michael brown announced wednesday night that they planned to file a civil lawsuit the following day against the city of ferguson. brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, darren wilson, in a st. louis suburb in august 2014. attorneys for brown's mother, lesley mcspadden, and his father, m michael brown sr., said the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed thursday.
ilha de mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the brazilian heat. the private island is located off the costa verde and can accommodate eight guests.    the island is a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell and is protected from the open ocean.
richard symonds, 29, is one of the uk's top administrators for the website and goes by online name 'chase me ladies, i'm the cavalry'   once described himself as 'liberal democrat to the last' and has been a 'lapsesed member of the lib dems' since 2010. mr symonds investigated claims that shapps was behind the changes to his biography. but mr shapps continued to deny he was behind them, saying it was 'untrue from start to finish'
richard harpin has given the tories £375,000 since 2008 – including £50,000 in the first week of election campaign. mr harpin is the chief executive of homeserve, which was fined £30million last year for mis-selling. revelation will raise fresh questions for david cameron over links to millionaire donors.
clinical psychologist ramani durvasula brings furniture assembly into therapy sessions after so many couples described fighting while putting together items. 17 per cent of couples said they would argue every time they assembled furniture from the store. ikea has298 stores in 26 countries and a revenue of $36 billion a year.
an article in the australian criticised sbs for hiring 'good-looking, white and female' journalists. sbs news reporter ellie laing has hit back at claims she was hired for her looks in an open letter to critics. jim carroll, the news and current affairs director of sbs, was reported to be hiring for 'commercial' reasons. laing says she was not hired because she was 'attractive'    'never mind the fact that i work damned hard' and that she was married on her wedding day.
willa junior says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at seattle-tacoma airport on april 13. he woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head and called 911 - but his call cut out after 44 seconds. the flight was forced to turn around after just 14 minutes in the air. junior is currently still employed at menzies, but has been permanently banned from working on alaska airlines flights.
u.s. army staff sgt. julian mcdonald of columbus, ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old belgian malinois named layka into his home. layka was on her eighth overseas military tour in afghanistan in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter. she lost her front leg and had to have it amputated but completed the mission. mcdonald decided to bring her home to live with his family after fighting to adopt her for two years.
bruce cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure. the farmer put up the sculpture out the front of his property at lake charm in northwest victoria. police said he could be charged with publishing pornographic images. the 59-year-old farmer says police told him to take down the model after they received a complaint. mr cook has refused to take it down and 'told the copper to p*ss off'    he says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos.
tao wei and yulong zhang from security firm fireeye have discovered a way to intercept a person's fingerprints on a samsung galaxy s5 running android 4.4 and older. the flaw lies in older versions of the android operating system, up to and including android 5.0. a hacker can access the kernel, or core, of the phone to monitor data. when a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted, but the flaw allows them to collect scans from the sensor before being encrypted. they have not yet tested the flaw on other android phones with fingerprint scanners.
the female elephant was discovered stuck in a muddy quagmire by villagers in rural southern china. she became stuck in the night and was lying on her side in a state of desperation. more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild asian elephant. it took three hours using only ropes and wooden poles to haul the five-ton animal out of the swamp.
one of the hillsborough samaritans has come forward after appeal launched to identify fans who tended to the wounded at the 1989 disaster. operation resolve officers have released images of fans who may be able to answer questions of victims' families. images are 26 years old but investigators believe they may help track down key witnesses. police say appeal is 'unusual' to release images while investigation into the disaster is ongoing.
jade and aaron badland asked an asian family if they had ebola and assaulted a brazilian hotel employee. the couple were too drunk to remember what they had done at premier inn in stansted airport. both pleaded guilty to assault and were ordered to do 80 hours of unpaid work.
researchers at the university of bath and yale university created the invention. it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean hydrogen fuel. producing hydrogen requires huge amounts of energy and is difficult to make. the new catalyst could be used to store energy from renewable sources like solar power. this could make hydrogen fuel cells for cars more economical.
patrick revins, 49, sold £10-worth of heroin hidden in a kinder egg to undercover police officer in november 2013. he has 'p' and 'r' - his initials - tattooed on either side of his forehead. revins admitted supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail at stoke-on-trent court.
kate upton, 22, lives by the abc rule: no alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates. only eats certain fruits - blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, kiwis and apples. goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every photo shoot. wears a us size 8 (uk size 12) and lives by strict diet and exercise regime.
labour received £1.1million in donations between april 6 and april 12 - more than twice as much as conservative party which received just £492,512. union barons gave more than £700,000 to labour in the second week of the election campaign. the liberal democrats were given just £50,000 and ukip took just £8,000.
the body of anne jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on wednesday. her car was washed away in flood waters in maitland, nsw. she was a great-grandmother and mother of three. her body was found 10 hours after her vehicle was pulled off the road and underwater. she had gone to town for milk after two days without power and food. she tried to overtake a stalled car and was dragged into the flood waters. the state's worst storms in a decade have killed four people in the hunter region.
david cameron used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to pirate fm in cornwall. the prime minister posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff. it happened during a visit to lay out conservative plans for the southwest. mr cameron travelled down to the south west on the sleeper train.
edward ronayne was awarded £9,000 in compensation after seeing wife swell up 'like michelin man' after surgery. his wife julie was given £160,000 after bungled hysterectomy at liverpool women's hospital in 2008. nhs is now fighting to overturn the payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation.
u.va associate dean of students nicole p. eramo said in an open letter to the magazine's publisher, jann s. wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends. the article falsely said she tried to discourage victim 'jackie' from reporting or discussing the alleged assault. the magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at u.va.   eramo has hired a law firm that specializes in defamation cases.
fifi m. maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert from virginia. her book, natural beauty alchemy, contains over 100 ingredients. author was shocked by the falsity of some store-bought products. uses full-fat cream cheese in a face mask and apple cider vinegar in a shampoo.
a reuters investigation that revealed the bill, hillary and chelsea clinton foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents. two gop presidential hopefuls - ted cruz and ben carson - want the foundation to return every dollar its received from foreign governments since it launched more than a decade ago. the bum rush came after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while hillary clinton served as the united state's chief diplomat.
officer ben johnson was answering reports of a drunk woman at a strip mall in red rock, texas, on tuesday when he arrested 27-year-old viviana keith. johnson claimed that keith was resisting him and that he was forced to take her down. video shows johnson throwing keith to the ground, knocking her out and handcuffing her. police are investigating whether johnson used excessive force. keith has been charged with dwi with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties.
tiffany williams and jessica versey, both 19, from chester, cheshire, became close friends during treatment. took to social media to post images of themselves after being cleared of hodgkin lymphoma. one of miss william's's bald head and another of miss versey's chest scar was reported for 'offensive'    miss  versey regularly documented her struggle with losing hair during chemotherapy on facebook.
stephen munden, 54, described as having a 'fanatical obsession' with small girls after he targeted a toddler on a bus. he was detained under mental health act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl. was last seen leaving a hospital, near hook, hampshire, on tuesday evening.   he was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13 and was held under a hospital order.
asylum seekers are rejected on board naval warships at sea before being returned home. australian pm tony abbott says eu must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the mediterranean. officials rejected asylum claims of 46 vietnamese aboard a navy vessel before returning them. experts say australia has one of the toughest immigration policies in the developed world.
bahar mustafa, student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london, banned men and white people from 'diversity' meeting. students were invited to meeting to discuss 'diversifying the curriculum' at university of london. she told white people and men 'not to come' as it was only open to bme women and non-binary people. union eventually backed down after a backlash from students calling it 'patronising beyond belief'
president barack obama invited the super bowl champion new england patriots to the white house on thursday to celebrate the team's fourth super bowl win. during a speech, obama cracked a joke about deflategate. head coach bill belichick gave the president a thumbs down and groaned. quarterback tom brady was missing from the ceremony, citing 'prior family commitments'   brady won his fourth super bowl ring in february - and his first since obama took office.
photographs taken in forest outside moscow in russia show models maria sidorova and lidia fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear. organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living'side-by-side' with bears and to discourage hunting. despite the anti-hunting message, one model was pictured wearing a fur coat as she hugged the bear. stephen the brown bear was rescued by his owner yuriy panteleenko, who found him in the hands of hunters.
the $45.2billion deal would have merged comcast's 30million customers with time warner cable's 11million. federal communications commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock. merger would have created a mega-size tv and internet provider with 57percent of the broadband internet market.
the richest has compiled a list of the most expensive airports for private jet landing fees. tokyo international airport in japan charges £4,559 to land a private jet. super bowl and monaco grand prix are two of the busiest sporting events for private jets. salzburg airport charges £2,530 to land an aircraft.
carriers of the brca1 gene, like angelina jolie, can reduce their risk of death by having their ovaries removed. having an oophorectomy cuts the risk of dying from breast cancer by more than 60 per cent. those with the gene mutation have a 50 to 80 per cent risk of developing the disease in their lifetime.
john winkler and laura martinez considered themselves adrian langlais' grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the toddler. christian tyrrell, 22, was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the death of 2-year-old adrian. adrian was the son of his girlfriend jessica langles, and the adoptive grandparents noticed bruises and other injuries on the boy's body after she started dating tyrrell. they reported adrian's injuries to child protective services, but the agency closed the investigation in february. the boy died the day after his second birthday, march 19, from head trauma.
charllene fritz, 35, was visiting snow hill island in the antarctic peninsula as part of an expedition. the elephant seal pup is thought to have been no more than two months old and weighed around 200lbs. she struggled to sit upright under the weight of the baby seal.
the free app is currently in testing and is only available on android devices in the us. it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers. facebook has tweaked its news feed setting to make posts from friends more prominent. hello also makes it easier to block unwanted calls and see which numbers have been blocked from other users.
russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. dr elena temereva came to her conclusion by studying the 'living fossil' lingula anatina. she says our ancestors had appendages that were used for movement and food collection. it's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today. one theory suggests our ancestors were worm-like creatures with a simple nervous system.
the four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost dinnigan $4.45 million back in 2009. the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime paddington real estate. the fashion designer and her husband recently purchased a lavish $6.5 million watsons bay property. the luxury home is set to go under the hammer on may 23. this comes as dinnigans sold her multi-million dollar palm beach home last year.
new book claims king juan-carlos had a decade-long affair with a german socialite. felipe and letizia kept a straight face as they arrived at university to present literature prize. royal couple looked unruffled as they were serenaded by student musicians. king felipe's father juan carlos ii was known for his love of freebies and hunting trips.
walton canonry is on the south side of cathedral close and boasts a view of the river avon from the meadow. it was bought by the tate for 23.1million in 2013 for a painting inspired by the view from the cathedral. the 8,147 square foot mansion comes complete with 1.6 acres of land and is up for sale.
london mayor insisted position would not become vacant for five years. but he admitted it would be 'wonderful' to be considered to lead conservative party after cameron. mr johnson is running to become mp in uxbridge and south ruislip. has long been tipped as a future leader of the party but insisted it is 'highly unlikely'
nasa has put together a team of 'extraterrestrial experts' to see if any of the planets discovered are habitable. amateur astronomers could help with search by accessing research data online. initiative will include scientists from 10 universities including stanford and yale. more than 1,000 exoplanets have been found since kepler telescope launched six years ago. nasa has set up a website for the public called planet hunters to search data.
the video was filmed at an undisclosed location in china after the elderly man accidentally knocked the woman's phone out of her hand. the woman demanded that the man pay compensation for her damaged phone. after being told he does not have the money to pay her back, she slaps him twice in the street. the man was forced to kneel down and apologise in the middle of a busy road.
bethune-cookman university student damian parks, 22, was reported missing after going swimming with friends at 3am on sunday. he was pulled out to sea by a strong current and his body was found on monday morning. university administration 'heard rumors' that hazing was involved. students who were with parks, who were part of a step team, said there was no hazing involved. parks was a student at the university.
the variety theater in cleveland, ohio, was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a motorhead gig in 1984. the venue was sealed off after a judge ordered it to be sealed off in 1986. 30 years later, photographer seph lawless has captured a collection of haunting images of the once-iconic music venue. friends of the historic variety theater have plans to restore the building and reopen it as a music venue again.
unite boss len mccluskey boasted that the labour party is 'our party' and its policies are 'within our grasp'   alex salmond bragged that he would be writing labour's budget 24 hours earlier. unite gave labour £737,948 out of the £1.1million raised by the party this week.
the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and will be available to select prime customers. delivery driver is then given keyless access to the boot of the car to drop off the goods. as soon as the boot is closed, the vehicle is locked automatically. amazon is also planning a drone delivery service in the uk.
bruce jenner's sit-down interview with diane sawyer will air on abc on friday night. the former decathlete is expected to talk about his gender transition. abc released a fourth promo video on thursday ahead of the broadcast. he is seen greeting sawyer at his home in the 30-second clip. he tells the journalist that it is 'going to be an emotional rollercoaster'   abc has only released snippets with non-specific quotes from bruce, paving the way for his story to air in full.
snp leader said her predecessor alex salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family. snp leader insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked criticism of female politicians' appearance. first minister made remarks in special tv programme profiling main party leaders with families at home.
there were 3,700 women who served as guards at nazi death camps during the second world war. but only three have been investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder. all are deemed too ill or infirm to ever be punished for their crimes.
campaigning group getup's new website, the gender price gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women. members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more. getup launched the website last week to protest against the gender pay gap. the website shows price increases of as little as 1c for items marketed towards women.
ravi beefnah, 34, parked his white audi a5 outside the audi dealership in chelmsford, essex, for two months. he claims the car uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up . mr beefnah claims audi failed to resolve his complaint about the engine and fix the car. he says he parked his car there as warning to other drivers considering buying an audi. he is taking the dealership to court over their failure to fix it on his car.
institute for fiscal studies analysed policies of all main parties to see how they would increase borrowing. tories accused of giving 'no detail' on how they will tackle the deficit. labour accused of leaving the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.    think-tank says all parties' plans are based on 'almost entirely unspecified spending cuts and tax increases'
stefania la greca, 36, is running for local elections in southern italy for lega sud ausonia party. her pictures of herself in a bikini have gone viral ahead of regional elections in may. but she has defended her pictures and denied using her looks to get votes. she is hoping to represent caldoro in campania    she is standing for a small independent party that wants the region of ausoni to be independent.
omar hussain, 27, from high wycombe, regularly posts videos and posts on social media under the name abu sa'eed al-britani. he has complained about fellow jihadis fleeing the frontline then boasting of their bravery on twitter. warns would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who spend too much time online. warns sisters to choose wisely when searching for a spouse among isis fighters.
andrew stewart wood, 41, from the uk, was arrested at orlando's hard rock hotel after being caught urinating in an ice machine. he was charged with disorderly conduct at the universal theme park resort. a guest told a security guard at the luxury hotel that wood was drunk and urinating into the machine. wood was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail.
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse scott working on his car in their garage in saratoga springs, utah. while she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the suv fell off its jack and crushed his chest. mrs mayhew rushed home after she got a strange feeling she needed to see her husband. she found him trapped under the car and spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for help.
karlis bardelis, 30, from latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain, scotland, when the accident happened. his climbing axe became dislodged from the ice, knocking the other out of position and sending him tumbling down the mountain. the experienced climber was saved by his safety rope after falling 10 metres down the icy cliff face. he even continued his ascent to the top of the mountain after the fall.
the treatment costs around $150 (£100) and uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin. dubbed a hydrafacial, the treatment is currently available in new york salons. one writer who had the treatment hailed its benefits and said her confidence was at 'beyonce levels'   it promises to erase wrinkles, reverse sun damage, lighten dark spots and prevent acne.
ali maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months through replacing pasta, bread and rice with spiralized vegetables. she went from a size 14/16 to a size 8/10 and weighs 10 stone. she quit her corporate job to become a full-time blogger and wrote a healthy lifestyle book. but while she was working from home, she was snacking on a lot of healthy food. she decided to lose weight for the photo shoot of her cookbook. she substituted spiralized vegetable for bread, pasta, rice and potatoes for all of her meals. now, she is working on toning and working out to lose more weight and is a size
maurice van ryn's wife louise fears for her safety after her letterbox was firebombed. the father of one of his victims has also been seen in her backyard. maurice has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences and is allowed to sell his property to support his wife and pay off debts.    a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese boss has told a court of the impact it has had on her life. she said she has suffered depression since she was 14 and attempted suicide.
meghan blalock is managing editor of popular style website who what wear. the 29-year-old has opened up about going from a size two to a 'healthy' size ten. she says she was teased for being fat as a child and has been every different size from a four to a ten.
rhiannon taylor, 29, from australia has more than 12,000 followers on instagram. travel photographer rhiannon travels the world reviewing beds, pools and room service. she has turned her photography skills into a business, launching a website called 'in bed with'    the reviewer has travelled the world to review and photograph the best hotels and resorts. she works with companies who sell travel products to feature on her site.
the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine. she encouraged girls to be themselves in an essay titled 'why i'm on team weirdo for life'   lena wrote about how she tried to be a'regular' girl in high school and how she was not respected by her peers.
american john moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in liberia won the top prize at the world's largest international photography competition. the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night. this year's awards attracted a record-breaking 173,444 images submitted from 171 countries.
james creag, 11, suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria, which means he is allergic to sunlight. he has to wear special brown suncream to protect his skin from the sun. but he has been racially abused in the street and has stopped wearing it. he is so sick of being taunted that he has stopped using the cream.
celebrity chef pete evans''reworked' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies. dietitians association of australia says the 'happy tummy brew' contains almost five times the maximum daily vitamin a for babies. evans and his co-authors said the recipe had been reworked and renamed. the celebrity chef has shared a story of a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis. the paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around.
former model jennifer sky, 38, has reported that models are being asked to wear spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags. france recently passed a law that bars models from the catwalk if their body mass index is too low. agencies who employ 'too-thin' models face fines of up to $80,000 and six months in prison under the new french law.
david cameron's party has 36 per cent of the vote compared to ed miliband's labour's 32 per cent, comres poll shows. one in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party to back. poll shows labour, the liberal democrats and ukip have all slipped in last fortnight. green party has five per cent share of vote, with greens on 5 per cent in tightest race since 1992.
researchers found evidence that neanderthals lived alongside predators in a cave in spain 200,000 years ago. researchers found fossilised remains of cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers in the cave. the cave was found in the foothills of the pyrenees mountains in catalonia .
thibaud jean leon vallet, 24, and his cousin jean mickael batrikian, 18, have been released from jail. the two french men were charged with animal cruelty after setting fire to a quokka. the pair spent seven days in hakea prison after pleading guilty to the crime. the men were ordered to pay a $4000 fine but opted to serve the sentence rather than pay the fine. they cost taxpayers $1810 each day they were in jail. both men were working as cleaners on rottnest island at the time of the incident. the creature survived the incident, but was singed by the flame.
the incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w in fort worth, with traffic backed up. officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray shetland foal. sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner.
out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven had traces of class a drugs in toilets, seven of which were traces of cocaine. another bingo hall in bristol was found to have traces of crack cocaine in toilet cubicles. majority of attendees are pensioners, with 634 treated for drug abuse last year. public health england figures show 20 per cent rise in pensioners being treated for addiction.
janet street-porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy - and it's getting longer by the day.   she is baffled by pay-by-phone car parking and queue-jumpers at airports. she also hates weather dollies and celebrity dieting celebrities.
singer adele adkins has earned £5million in the last year, bringing her fortune to £50million. mother-of-one has twice the wealth of her nearest rivals, the four members of one direction and zayn malik, who are worth £25million each. ed sheeran and sam smith are the top two rising stars on the list of britain's richest musicians.
the former cia director was sentenced to two years probation and fined $100,000 for leaking classified material to his mistress paula broadwell. petraeus, 62, was wearing his wedding ring to the court in charlotte, north carolina, on thursday. he apologized for his'mistakes' and said he was 'deeply sorry' for the 'pain' he caused his wife holly. he resigned from the cia in 2012 after it emerged that he had been having an affair with broadwell, who was writing his biography.
clarence david moore, 66, escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s. he was convicted of larceny in north carolina in 1967 and was sentenced to seven years in prison. he escaped from a prison in 1971 and was on the run until 1975. moore has lived in kentucky since at least 2009. his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking. he called police this week to surrender but was in a hospital bed and told them he needed medical help.
shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in the province of homs and show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis. group of executioners hugged the blindfolded couple and told them they were forgiven of their'sins' before pummeling them to death with rocks.
chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor. after fallon told governor christie he 'looked great' on the show, christie asked 'what the hell's with all the jokes'   christie then hoarded a pint of ice cream fallon brought out for the two to share .
natural world safaris has launched a new series of ‘ultimate safari’ adventures to mark its 10th anniversary. the grand adventure promises to deliver close and personal moments with wildlife. the safari takes in 21 destinations over 203 days, taking in primates, bears, big cats and marine life. guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary.
bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit on residential road in birmingham, west midlands. but it has not been working for two years after every fixed device was turned off in the region. around 300 speed and traffic camera were turned off across the region in march 2013.
boy from blackburn, lancashire, remanded in custody after appearing in court charged with inciting terror overseas. 14-year-old was charged with planning a 'lee rigby-style' attack during anzac day ceremony in australia. he is said to have incited an australian teenager to behead, run over or shoot a police officer. the boy is thought to be the youngest person charged with islamist-related terror offences in the uk. he appeared at westminster magistrates court today charged with two counts of inciting terrorism overseas.
bettie jo was 47 stone (660lb) and was housebound and unable to care for herself. her husband josh was her 'caretaker' and had to help her go to the toilet and to the shower. she lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce and tried to kill herself. she now weighs 35st 8lbs (500lbs) after having weight loss surgery. but josh admits he did not support bettie jo's weight loss. he feared if she lost weight she wouldn't need him anymore.
one in seven u.s. residents will be an immigrant by 2023 and one in five by 2060. immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country. immigration population will grow almost four times faster than native-born population. currently there are 12million undocumented immigrants in the united states. president barack obama is trying to expand immigration policies.
celebrity chef curtis stone and his actress wife lindsay price have two boys, hudson, 3, and emerson, 7 months. the 39-year-old is adamant that his children should eat healthily. he lives in los angeles with his wife and their two boys. stone is back in australia to promote his new cookbook, good food, good life.
scientists in the netherlands were using the lofar radio telescope. they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays. a storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres. the method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds .
andrew steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the august 22 shooting deaths of his wife, ashlee steele, 39, and her sister, kacee tollefsbol, 38. forty-year-old former wisconsin sheriff's deputy    defense attorneys argued that lou gehrig's disease had damaged steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths. a jury deliberated for about 10 hours before agreeing the verdict early on thursday.
britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne. last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for the first time - £181.8 million compared with £141.3 million. champagne is produced from grapes grown in the champagne region of northern france. while proseccos comes from a particular area of north-eastern italy.
andrew hutchinson raped two patients at john radcliffe hospital oxford and assaulted others. 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate offences at oxford crown court last month. nurse was reported to hospital trust where he worked for indecent behaviour five years earlier. student nurse reported him for taking inappropriate photographs at the hospital in 2009. oxford university hospitals trust only reported complaint after being told of more serious allegations. he was later convicted of making indecent images of children, voyeurism and rape.
identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from. researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins. by heating dna until its bonds break researchers can identify the difference between each twin. the technique is based on the concept of dna methylation - the molecular mechanism that turns genes on and off.
prime minister manuel valls said five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france since charlie hebdo massacre in paris. comments follow arrest of 24-year-old student sid ahmed ghlam who was allegedly preparing to storm catholic churches with assault rifles. he was caught on sunday after shooting himself in the leg after allegedly murdering aurelie chatelain. dna tests reportedly link him to the murder of the mother and fitness instructor, 33, who was shot dead in her car.
volcano calbuco, in southern chile, erupted at around 6pm local time forcing 1,500 people to flee their homes. it is believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile's 90 active volcanoes, but was not under observation. the volcano last erupted in 1972, and the last major eruption was in 1961. the eruption sent a thick plume of ash and smoke up to 100 miles into the sky, and was visible from up to 50 miles away.
she enraged twitter users by saying that 'unhealthy lifestyles' should not be 'facilitated'   panellist said she was 'hounded on twitter' after airing her views on itv show. now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20. plus-size industry has spoken out about jamelia's comments on loose women.
carl bradey lost everything he owned in a house fire started by a candle in palmerston north last month. the 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue a three-year old girl from a raging house fire. he suffered horrific burns to his whole body and is unable to feel anything in his right arm. he has undergone four major operations, including multiple skin grafts and the removal of a damaged vein.
the clinton foundation and the clinton health access initiative under- or over-reported millions of dollars in donations from foreign governments in their tax returns. the charity reported it had received no funds from governments for three years - even though it previously received millions. both charities are refiling at least five years of tax returns and may audit returns as far back as 15 years.
henry rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife donna lou ray hons at her nursing home. he was a republican member of the iowa house of representatives for 18 years. the farmer was accused of abusing his wife when she no longer had the capacity to consent. he had always insisted he and his wife had kissed on the night in question but they had not had sex. medical tests could not conclusively prove the couple had recently had sex and a roommate at the nursing home made the allegations.
dj pete tong will host a late-night concert at the royal albert hall to pay tribute to ibiza's 'club music'   it will coincide with the 20th anniversary of radio 1's broadcasts from ibiza. the bbc has previously been accused of 'dumbing down' the proms to appeal to younger audience.
man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of alabama, arkansas, colorado, kansas, new mexico, ohio, oklahoma and texas. study identified 17 areas in the central and eastern us with increased rates of induced seismicity .
alison saunders said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge over her decision not to charge lord janner. director of public prosecutions said she is convinced labour peer is not fit to plead because of dementia.   she refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue'    mps and victims have accused her of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system with her decision.
deputy finance minister dimitras mardas says country has been 'running on empty' since february. debt repayment deadline for public sector workers and international creditors is on may 1. greek prime minister alexis tsipras is expected to appeal to german chancellor angela merkel for more aid. greece's biggest tax office had its electricity cut off after finance ministry failed to pay power bills. eu leaders fear syriza government will choose to pay its workers over imf creditors.
canadian jake malone, 60, met a woman calling herself 'rili' on a social website 11 months ago. he flew more than 6,000 miles from vancouver to shenzhen, south china, to find her. he turned himself into a walking billboard in a desperate bid to track down his online 'lover' but the website they used to communicate was shut down. mr malone said he fell in love with the woman, who lives in china and owns a clothing company, but her address has closed down.
anika stanford is helping police with the murder case of stephanie scott's accused killer vincent stansford. she visited leeton police station on thursday morning to meet with officers. anika is believed to have given police information which led them to the body of the teacher. vincent, 24, has been charged with the easter sunday murder of ms scott. the beloved teacher was buried in an emotional funeral on wednesday at the venue where she was due to be married.
beer will be made from waste gathered by clean water services in oregon, us. alcohol regulators have approved plans for ten barrels of the beer to be made. it will be produced by microbrewers and will pose'very low human health risk' but is not yet available in shops.
fiona 'kitty' carroll was at kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat on wednesday. her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl. her body was found on thursday morning. she had celebrated her fifth birthday on the day that she went missing.
virtual studio designcrowd asked designers to create before and after images of the most popular cities in the world without their world-famous landmarks. nearly 100 submissions were created, showing what paris and london would look like without the eiffel tower and arc de triomphe. without the iconic landmarks, the skyline of paris looks bare and dark.
darren jones, who is standing for bristol north west, was seen stepping away from his podium. labour candidate was complaining of pins and needles in his legs before collapsing. the 28-year-old collapsed in front of the studio audience on made in bristol's programme. mr jones said he collapsed after becoming exhausted with a cold but blamed it on his campaign.
ivan balashov was browsing smartphones in a shop innovokuznetsk, southern russia. he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake reebok top. 22-year-old then stole another phone before stealing the model he preferred. police found his selfie on a phone in the store and immiediately recognised him from the picture. he was found guilty and given a three month suspended sentence.
kevin rebbie, 56, of limerick township, pennsylvania, was arrested after a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom. she told police rebbie molested her from the age of nine up until she was 13. rebbie faces charges of aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy. investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others .
deborah kane, from manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain. she believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in lanzarote when she was 15. the 46-year-old mother-of-two believes she bought cheap sunglasses without uv protection. debbie had her eye removed and is now cancer free but has to stay out of the sun.
jeremy clarkson, james may and richard hammond held talks with top gear executive producer andy wilman today. it was just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the bbc. may said he had just been 'having a pint' with his co-stars and mr wilman. may had earlier said bbc would be'stupid' to try a version of the show without clarkon. the men were pictured together outside clarks on's home in west london - their first public appearance since he was sacked. bbc spokeswoman confirmed today that top gear producer had resigned from the corporation.
the christie's jewels auction is expected to raise in excess of £53million at the event in geneva on may 13. it includes a pink diamond worth £8million, a sapphire worth £2.7million and diamond earrings worth £670,000. the auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to 20th centuries. the maria christina royal devant-de-­corsage brooch is the most important piece.
koby hodder's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed in the school playground. he was playing british bulldog with friends when he suffered a cardiac arrest. paramedics saved his life by giving him two shocks with a defibrillator. koby was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer fabrice muamba. he is now 11 years old and has been fitted with an implantable cardioverter-defibrilator.
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller said'someone' had been run down by a car. but the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel. east of england ambulance service released a list of 1,248 'inappropriate' call outs. crew attended half of the phoney calls in the last two years, half of which were hoaxes.
bell gardens mayor daniel crespo, 43, was shot three times in the chest in september. his wife, lyvette, claims he had become increasingly abusive and that she shot him in self-defense after he punched their son in the face during an argument about his infidelity. her brother william says his ex-sister-in-law's claims are all lies. lyvette pleaded not guilty to voluntary manslaughter and could face up to 21 years in state prison.
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft at a beach in cancun, mexico. footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path. luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to swift steering skills.
mohammad ali jawad, 56, allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to julio iglesias. he allegedly molested another patient at his surgery nip n tuck surgery in marylebone, london. dr jawad is accused of molesting the woman after getting drunk in his surgery. he denies all allegations of misconduct and misconduct at a medical tribunal.
the celebrity doctor used thursday's episode of the dr. oz show to hit back and claim that the criticism he's received is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified food. ten doctors sent a letter to columbia university urging the school to remove tv celebrity doctor mehmet oz from his faculty position because he is a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments'   oz has been hosting the health and wellness talk show since 2009. oz said his show's purpose was 'not to talk about medicine' but to discuss 'the good life'
all the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009, according to commerce department study. land in washington dc had the highest price, with land costing more than $1million per acre. federal government owns 24 per cent of the country and majorities of six states, but the land is undeveloped and worth only 10 per cent.
dutch natural scientist antoni van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment in 1677. johannes vermeer was also a scientist who carried out experiments. laura j snyder’s new biography is a portrait of an age of insatiable intellectual curiosity.
the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement official, lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote, with 10 republicans joining with senate democrats to approve her. curiously absent from the final vote was texas senator ted cruz - a key opponent of lynch's nomination. he was the only member of the senate who did not cast a vote. lynch is expected to take over as head of the justice department on monday.
cardinal francis george was remembered as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion. george died friday at age 78, of kidney cancer. he led the nation's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of roman catholic orthodoxy. he was appointed by pope john paul ii in 1997 to lead the chicago. archbishop blase cupich held the funeral mass at chicago's holy name cathedral on thursday. he died on april 17 after a long battle with cancer.
mysterious cardboard signs have appeared in the surrey village of milford, near godalming. written in black marker pen the signs have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author. one reads: 'please forgive me' and 'we need to talk'   the signs were first spotted by residents and have sparked speculation as to who wrote them.
the classic anzac biscuit recipe features rolled oats, desiccated coconut and golden syrup. femail asked food authors to contribute their spin on the classic recipe. sugar-free, raw, raw and raw versions of the biscuits are available. there is also a raw recipe and a chocolate and macadamia version.
russell 'rusty' yates, who has since remarried and has a five-year-old son, slammed his ex-wife's murder trial as the 'cruelest thing i have ever witnessed'    he insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness' and maintains she was a good mother who loved her children.   she was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison but was found not guilty by reason of insanity in 2006. yates was said to be suffering from postpartum depression when she drowned her children in 2001.
david cameron pledges to deliver effective 'home rule' for england    english, welsh and northern irish mps will be able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in scotland. mps north of the border will have no say on tax rates and must be given a veto on legislation.
a dozen native american extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of adam sandler's new movie the ridiculous 6 on wednesday after they became offended by the script's jokes about their race and culture. the movie is a spoof of the magnificent seven and stars sandler, nick nolte, taylor lautner and steve buscemi. loren anthony was one of the extras who walked off set and said the film was offensive to native americans. he said the extras were dressed more like comanche and that the film's treatment of women was also offensive. the film is currently filming in new mexico.
paul guzman of fairfield, california, the father of 8-year-old brock guzman, was taken from his home when someone stole the family car from their driveway monday morning. brock was sleeping in the car while his parents paul and suzanne reported him missing. paul claims his wife suzanne was handcuffed and thrown to the ground by police after they arrived on the scene. police found brock two miles away, and his parents are now filing a formal complaint against the police force for the way they were treated. suzanne refused to let officers into their home, and police say she was trying to protect them from their dog.
john hinckley jr. has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting. he currently spends half of his days institutionalized after being found not guilty by reason of insanity for shooting president ronald reagan back in 1981. this was revealed by his brother scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from st. elizabeth's hospital in washington and live permanently with his mother joan. his mother has been introduced to her son's girlfriend and described the pair as'somewhat compatible'
former king juan carlos was romancing corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein, a german aristocrat, for a decade. he was so smitten with her that he considered divorcing his wife, sofia, a new book claims. final de partida, by ana romero, sold out within 24 hours of being published. the affair is said to have ended in 2014 when carlos abdicated in favour of his son, felipe. the aristocrat is 27 years younger than the 77-year-old former king.
social media users were left scratching their heads at some of the fake photos to emerge from new south wales' worst storm. a crocodile, a shark and a trampoline were just a few of the photoshop jobs. the images were shared during the devastating storm in sydney. other images included a man surfing waves in front of the opera house and a waterfall gushing over harbour bridge.
perth police officer daniel jamieson has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets. he is accused of leaking confidential information about the arrest of ben cousins to his girlfriend. channel 7 perth news reporter monique dirksz got the scoop on cousins' arrest when she was the only journalist outside freemantle police station at 2am on march 12.   acting police commissioner steve brown is also concerned about 112 police officers who had accessed cousins' confidential files 300 times in two days.
ahmed gaddaf al-dam is a former minister and the late muammar gaddafi's cousin. he blames the migrant shipwreck on western countries which helped overthrow colonel gaddafi. but senior conservative minister william hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator. about 800 people are believed to have died when a boat carrying migrants capsized off libya.
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading up a plane. footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt.
the £80,000 911 carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in a suburban street in nottingham. both vehicles were pulled to the side of the road in traffic queues after a cyclist was injured. the owner was left 'distraught' and 'absolutely distraught'
david billing, 48, had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal derby hospital after being diagnosed with mouth cancer. he was unable to swallow and had to have part of his tongue removed. doctors sawed through his jawbone and removed part of the tongue to remove tumour. then replaced the tissue with muscle from his arm - which still has hairs on it. he is now preparing to run the london marathon to raise money for cancer research.
poet rupert brooke had string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died aged 27 in april 1915. previously unseen letters show he was 'promiscuous even for a man of his time'   letters are part of john schroder collection bought by king's college, cambridge, thanks to a £430,000 grant.
mark steven west, 32, will serve four months prison and eight years probation after pleading guilty to having sex with a student in his office at spring high school, texas, in 2012. he is married with a child. the girl, 18, told police she seduced him by saying she was 'feeling horny'   but judge said the girl graduated three weeks after the incident, which would have made it legal.
sgt. oskar groening added that it was 'unimaginable' to him that jewish inmates would leave the camp alive. he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. the 93-year-old told the lueneburg state court that he did not expect jews to make it out alive. groening is known as the bookkeeper of auschwitz and is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of jews.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion was discarded globally in 2014 but only 6 million tonnes was recycled properly.'millions of tonnes' of broken appliances are being illegally exported to west-africa and dumped in landfills. the whole of africa produced only 1.9 metric tonnes of waste and yet 'a huge amount of it ends up in landfill sites'    'it is cheaper than recycling it properly in european union nations' but brokers fraudulently label the items as'reusable' and sell them to locals without testing them.
bruce davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald'shorty' shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972. he was 30 years old at the time. davis claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy and ministering to other inmates.   a judge agreed with the governor's decision to reject parole for davis and said there is'some evidence' he is dangerous.
chris early, who owns a production company in knoxville, tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions. he has been walking his daughter to and from school for the past two years but recently she asked to walk alone.
the case centers on charges that deutsche bank derivatives traders manipulated the london interbank offered rate from at least 2003-2011. the largest german bank will pay $775 million in penalties to the justice department, $800 million to us and $344 million to british authorities. the $2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation.
celebrities who have aged terribly include lindsay lohan, johnny depp and britney spears. some stars have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries. renée zellweger, renée gaunt and kate moss are all showing signs of ageing.
disgraced dj dave lee travis, 69, was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman at mrs merton show. he was cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault but convicted of sexual assault in september. former radio presenter was awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial at costs application hearing. he claimed that his indecent assault trials 'financially ruined' him, but he will still receive £4,000 from taxpayer to pay for taxis to court.
gang of eight rented a restaurant across the road from guanghui temple in north china and dug tunnel to steal artefacts. they were just 20 metres away from breaching the hua pagoda when they were caught by police. five men were arrested and three are still on the run after police carried out a sting operation.
ruben blundell's brother was four days overdue when his mother michelle madden, 30, went into labour. left with no time to go to hospital, family had to deliver the baby at home in the middle of the night. ruben, 6, helped deliver his baby brother theo, who was born weighing a healthy 6lbs 15oz. he helped fetch towels and even told his mother to breathe as paramedics arrived.
brittney griner and fiancee and fellow wnba player glory johnson, both 24, were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct at their phoenix home on wednesday. the 24-year-olds were booked into jail but later released from jail. police were called after a fight at the couple's home turned physical. griner told officers she and johnson had been arguing and threw things at each other. the pair were both arrested and charged with assault but have since been released. they are expected to wed next month.
joan cheever is an attorney and trained chef who founded the chow train non-profit food truck in 2005. on april 7, san antonio police officers issued a citation and a $2,000 fine to cheever for feeding the homeless at maverick park. cheever was serving hot meals out of her personal pickup truck because it is more compact. she was serving out of a licensed mobile kitchen, but her personal vehicle is not. the city officials said cheever violated regulations and cited her for failure to serve food from a licensed food truck. after writing out the citation, police officers allowed cheever to continue serving meals at the park.
schoolgirl was left needing medical treatment at hounsdown school in southampton, hampshire. her water bottle was spiked with highly corrosive hydrochloric acid during a science lesson. two pupils have been suspended after incident at specialist science college. the girl avoided serious injury and did not require hospital treatment. it is understood to have been a classroom prank at the school.
michelle carter, 18, charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of her friend conrad roy ii last july. she allegedly encouraged him to take his life in the minutes before he killed himself in the parking lot of a fairhaven store. her lawyers are trying to have her case moved out of bristol county, saying it's 'impossible' for her to receive a fair trial because the district attorney is the victim's third cousin. she appeared in court in new bedford, massachusetts, on thursday and is 'bewildered' at being charged. carter's lawyers claim she was attempting to help her friend, 18-year-old roy ii, who
more than 200 people were found queuing outside the new aldi store in avlaston, derbyshire. company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when it officially opened at 8am this morning. customers queued from 10pm last night to get their hands on a 21.5inch television.
house committee chairman trey gowdy wants hillary rodham clinton to testify in public about her use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. clinton will appear before the committee the week of may 18 and again before june 18. the first hearing will focus on clinton's use of private emails, and the second on the benghazi terror attacks that killed four americans in benghazi, libya, in september 2012.
doug hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air'   officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if an attempt was made to shoot down hughes. hughes' stunt was aimed at drawing attention to campaign finance reform. he was charged with two federal crimes, violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft.
jules bianchi, 25, remains in a coma after a crash at the japanese grand prix in october 2014. he sustained a severe head injury after crashing into a recovery vehicle. his father philippe has spoken about his son's condition and said he is 'fighting fiercely'   the marussia driver is now in nice, under the watch of neurosurgeons.
kate temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim shelley williams who accused her of having an affair with her partner. temple and her sister louise scollen got into a scuffle at charity event at dawdon cricket club. the 33-year-old tried to buy another drink from the bar but was refused. police found the missing portion of victim's ear the following day. temple admitted inflicting grievous bodily harm and was jailed for 20 months at durham crown court.
arturo vidal scored from the penalty spot after ricardo carvalho gave away a penalty in the champions league quarter-final first leg. the juventus midfielder scored a penalty on 57 minutes after alvaro morata was fouled in the box by monaco's danijel subasic. carlos tevez missed juventus' best chance of the game in the first half as he failed to score from close range.
steve cotterill has taken bristol city to the brink of a championship return after two seasons in league one. the club are eight points clear at the top of league one after a 1-1 draw at preston. owner steve lansdown has backed the club to the hilt with his own personal fortune.
emily clark, morgan bass, abbie deloach, caitlyn baggett, catherine pittman and brittney mcdaniel were all killed in the crash wednesday morning.    the five nursing students were on their way to school when a tractor-trailer plowed into traffic on interstate 16 near savannah. the driver of the truck, 55-year-old john wayne johnston, said he wished he was also killed. the students' families and friends gathered at sweetheart circle on campus for a candlelight vigil and memorial service.
jose mourinho's insistence on promoting young players at chelsea has buoyed the club's academy. john terry is the last player to come through the ranks and become a first-team regular at the club. jay dasilva and two of his brothers are a promising young players on the blues' books.
emmanuel adebayor has spent most of this season on the substitutes' bench for tottenham. the 31-year-old has scored just two goals in the premier league for spurs this season. he has earned £3.4million in wages since his last start for the club back in early november. he travelled to training in a rolls royce phantom drophead coupe earlier this year. adebyor's contract at spurs expires at the end of the current season.
aaron hernandez, 25, was convicted on april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013. he was moved wednesday to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley, massachusetts. hernanderez had been at cedar junction prison in walpole since he was convicted of first-degree murder. the prison is about ten minutes from fort devens, where boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev has been held for the last two years.
actor was promoting avengers: age of ultron with channel 4 news presenter krishnan guru-murthy. he was asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison. star, 50, got visibly uncomfortable and walked out mid-way through the interview. was asked to explain a five-year-old interview in which he said he was a 'liberal'   he was arrested multiple times - mostly for drug charges - between 1996 and 2001.    downey jnr was sentenced to three years in prison in 1999 for missing drug testing.
the family's lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its african-american population'   the lawsuit alleges that officer darren wilson destroyed evidence after he shot brown on the street of the st. louis suburb last august.
lee tomlin scored the opening goal in middlesbrough's 2-0 win at home to rotherham united on saturday. aitor karanka's side bounced back from defeat to watford on easter monday. patrick bamford missed a late penalty for the home side in the second half.
nigerian muslims on a rubber dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees became angry when one christian passenger began praying for his life. he refused to stop saying 'here, we only pray to allah'   when he refused, the muslim migrants threw 12 christians off the rickety boat. it comes amid reports that 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa have been rescued by italian ships in the past week. but over 900 refugees have died or gone missing since the start of the year and 400 migrants died in two shipwrecks.
scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the bold and the beautiful. he will be playing nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of maya avant, played by karla mosley. it will mark the television acting debut of schofield, a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues.
roberto carlos won the champions league three times in five seasons with real madrid. the brazilian defender won the competition with los blancos in 1998, 2000 and 2002. carlos has named his champions league dream team. iker casillas, clarence seedorf, paolo maldini and claude makelele all feature in the team.
fulham will sound out brentford manager mark warburton about taking over at craven cottage. owner shahid khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players. the championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of kit symons. sam allardyce could also be a shock contender to take over at the club.
yannick bolasie scored a hat-trick in crystal palace's 4-1 win over sunderland. referee anthony taylor sprinted past lee cattermole before the goal. gary cahill has won back his starting spot for chelsea. david ospina has kept six clean sheets for arsenal since replacing wojciech szczesny. manchester city captain vincent kompany has struggled for form in recent weeks. christeke has scored seven goals since returning to form at astona villa.
the league two club sacked manager andy awford after saturday's 3-1 defeat to morecambe. assistant manager gary waddock will take caretaker charge of the team. awford said his goodbyes to the portsmouth players at the club's training ground.
eden hazard has scored 18 goals for chelsea this season. the 24-year-old belgian has won the pfa player of the year award. hazard is on the brink of winning the premier league title for jose mourinho's side. the midfielder has won player and young player awards every season since 2009 with lille.
lionel messi scored in the first minute for barcelona against valencia at the nou camp. dani parejo missed a penalty for valencia in the ninth minute. luis suarez put barcelona ahead after 56 seconds.    barcelona move five points away from real madrid at the top of the la liga with the win.
bader's story predates the break in 1944 immortalised in the great escape starring steve mcqueen and richard attenborough. he was shot down over france in 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg. bader lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931 and remained in captivity until the end of the war. his life story has already been the subject of a hollywood film called reach for the sky.
radamel falcao started for manchester united against chelsea at stamford bridge . the colombian forward has yet to score against premier league teams. eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first-half for the blues. the striker looked short of match fitness and struggled to impose himself on the game.
chelsea are nine points clear at the top of the premier league table. jose mourinho's side are planning a victory parade if they win the title on may 25. a letter from hammersmith and fulham council outlines the plan for the celebrations. the letter was delivered to residents of fulham.
leonie granger, 25, targeted playboy mehmet hassan, 56, after spotting him at a casino in london's west end. care assistant used her good looks to befriend the poker player and showered him with gifts. she was found guilty of manslaughter over the death of professional gambler at the old bailey. but after going back to his flat with him she made her excuses and left the door unlocked. her boyfriend and an accomplice kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to steal his winnings. granger was jailed for 16 years after being found guilty by a majority of manslaughter - but not murder.
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for live-in carer for war veteran robert clark. mr clark has spent £50,000 of his life savings paying for his care. he is one of britain's oldest surviving prisoners of war and has lived in his home for 50 years. armed forces charity help for heroes has set up a fund-raising appeal to help keep him in his own home. in just four days the appeal has raised £10,000 to help pay for four to five months of care for the pensioner. but brent council has refused to increase its funding for a carer.
juan cuadrado has failed to impress at chelsea after signing for £23m from fiorentina. wilfried bony has scored only one goal for manchester city this season. mauro zarate is yet to make an impression on loan at loftus road. callum mcmanaman's move to west brom has coincided with the latics' relegation.
a new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade in china. 'human harvest: china’s organ trafficking’ will show how researchers uncovered the gory details. human rights lawyer david matas and former canadian member of parliament david kilgour investigated allegations of organ harvesting of falun gong practitioners. it's claimed that political prisoners are being used as live organ donors. the china organ trade is now allegedly worth a staggering us$1 billion a year. this despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in ch china every year. only a tiny number of people are on the official donor register.
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday. philippe coutinho has been in superb form since the turn of the year. the midfielder has been nominated for the pfa player of theyear awards. coutinho described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to brazil legend pele.
mike ashley has never been popular at st james' park but the protests have ramped up recently. newcastle have lost seven straight premier league games under interim manager john carver. the magpies owner looks after the money and is not a football man. ashley's sensitivity to criticism is one of his biggest weaknesses.
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid in the champions league first leg at the vicente calderon on tuesday night. raphael varane impressed again for real madrid but gareth bale failed to make an impact. jan oblak was brilliant again in goal for diego simeone's side. the keeper made a superb save to deny bale early on in the game.
carter and jack hanson, from raleigh, north carolina, met world war ii veteran robert harding, 89, on board the yorktown aircraft carrier in charleston, south carolina. mr harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship decades before his young friends were born. the three friends had been in contact for about a year via email.
historian stephen chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs of the gallipoli landings to mark the centenary of the disastrous campaign. the campaign claimed the lives of 140,000 troops in eight months of fighting during world war one. many of the images were taken by soldiers who survived winston churchill's disastrous operation. the images show soldiers preparing for the landings and the moment they made the dash across no man's land.
dougie freedman is on the verge of signing a new two-year deal at nottingham forest. freedman replaced stuart pearce at the city ground in february. forest owners are pleased with freedman's work since replacing the cult hero.
john terry was at the heart of chelsea's solid defensive display against arsenal at the emirates. premier league leaders kept a clean sheet in 0-0 draw on sunday. jose mourinho praised terry's performance as his best under him. sky sports pundit jamie carragher said terry is the best defender to play in the premier league era.
john terry is having his best season as a chelsea defender. manuel pellegrini is a dead man walking but can he keep his job under so much pressure? pep guardiola is the dream but it's unlikely he will move to manchester city. beating crystal palace was a massive result for steve bruce. hull deserved their win away from home against crystal palace.
arsene wenger's side drew 0-0 with jose mourinho's chelsea at emirates stadium on sunday. every cesc fabregas touch was booed as he returned to the stadium for the first time since leaving for barcelona in 2011. arsene w wenger's side remain top of the premier league after the draw.
luka modric has sprained a ligament in his right knee and could miss the rest of the season. the croatian midfielder picked up the injury against malaga on saturday. gareth bale faces a race to be fit for real madrid's champions league quarter-final against atletico madrid.
new satellite images reveal that china has built a runway on disputed fiery cross reef in the south china sea. philippines, vietnam, malaysia, brunei and taiwan all claim the disputed territory. china could be planning to build another airstrip in nearby subu reef which could be used for military operations. u.s. president barack obama accused china of bullying others with its'military muscle'   china's building activity in the spratly islands has infuriated neighbouring countries and the united states.
frank ernest shepherd, iii of houston, texas, led police on a 20 minute high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop. he was shot dead by police after reaching into his backseat and being shot by two officers. shepherd, 41, was a father of three with another baby on the way. the chase ended when he crashed into another car and reached into his car and was shot by police. no weapons were found in the car and it is not known what he was reaching for.
u.s. president barack obama condemned china for building artificial islands in the disputed south china sea. he claimed china was 'using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions' but chinese leadership claimed it is washington which possesses the greatest military muscle. newly-released satellite images show chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the spratly islands. china's foreign ministry said the country has 'indisputable rights' to the islands and it was protecting its nation's sovereignty.
bruce jenner's second wife linda thompson tweeted a message of support and pride for her former husband ahead of his abc interview with diane sawyer set to air on friday night. she was married to the olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986. she compared his anticipated confirmation that he's transgender and plans to live as a woman to the magnitude of his success as an athlete. bruce has said that he told his first two ex-wives that he is transgender.
zermatt in swiss town of zermatt has banned selfies with st bernard dogs. animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions' in a condemned building. the dogs are being kept as tourist props by a company that treats them badly. the mayor of the town has imposed the ban after a report from an animal charity.
living near a congested road can increase the chance of developing dementia. researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed pollution risk. living near polluted roads can lead to ‘silent strokes’ which cause shrinkage of the brain and other damage.
list is dominated by european nations, particularly those in scandinavia. britons are happier now than they were two years ago, but still ranked at 21st place. icelandic citizens jumped from number nine in 2013 to number two on the 158-nation strong list. world's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with syria, burundi and togo at the bottom of the list.
jordan brennan was killed after breaking out into gangnam style dancing in his local corner shop in september last year. he was attacked by a 16-year-old boy, 16, who was jailed for eight months for manslaughter. jordan's mother, kim, 43, says her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun'   mother-of-five, from gorton, manchester, says killer's lenient sentence is an insult and 'there is no justice at all'  she says jordan loved dancing and would 'dance and sing all the time' and was 'a real show off'
dr mehmet oz's fellow faculty members at columbia university have written an op-ed lashing out at his 'unsubstantiated medicine'   but they also applauded him for his stellar work at the university, saying he has an unblemished record as a doctor. the eight staff wrote the piece after 10 doctors urged columbian to sever all ties with dr oz. they said his talk show tactics have'sullied the reputation' of the university and 'undermine the trust' of his patients.
julie schenecker, 54, was convicted last may of shooting her son beau, 13, and daughter calyx, 16, in their florida home in january 2011. she claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children but police said she had previously admitted to killing them for being'mouthy' in jailhouse interview from jail, she has said she does not regret the killings. she was found guilty of killing her son and daughter in their home while her husband parker was serving overseas.
around 15 animals ran away from a farm in schodack, upstate new york, on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river. three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of coeymans. they had escaped from their pen in rensselaer county and then started running down the thruway.
the horse, charly, was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when he was tagged with graffiti. the tagger managed to write 'rbs' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint. police are still trying to find the person responsible.
turnham primary school's chair of governors has apologised for any offence or distress caused to parents or pupils. all children must sign 'home-school agreement' before they start at the south-east london school. it includes a demand not to use 'transphobic language' and 'homophobic and racist' phrases.
the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. it was used as the car for the famous scene in the 1986 teen comedy ferris bueller's day off. in the film, cameron accidentally crashes the car into the ravine after taking it out for a spin. the car is almost identical to the model driven in the movie and has a guide price of £8million. but it is expected to sell for much more after a model previously owned by alain delon sold for £12.5 million earlier this year.
fossicker ashley manzie unearthed the ww1 war medal in a melbourne park with his metal detector. it belonged to frederick george biddulph, who served with the 23rd australian infantry battalion at gallipolli. the medal is thought to have belonged to his brother, lewis 'bunny' bidulph. he joined the army in his name because he lost two fingers 'blowing up fish' before the war. stephen norton is stephen's great-nephew and has been researching the family history.
the vaccine, known as rts,s, took 30 years to develop and is designed to be used by children in africa. drug firm glaxosmithkline has applied for a licence from european medicines agency. it could be approved by october, making it the first approved malaria vaccine.
damon clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at grady memorial hospital in atlanta. officers have arrested 19-year-old quintavious barber and malik morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child. the two men accused clay of stealing a playstation 3. clay had been in jail for a burglary and was released on a three-month program.
anthony trollope, a famous novelist, introduced post boxes to the uk in 1852 after seeing them in france. limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life, including the first post box design. the first boxes were erected in jersey in jersey as a trial before appearing across the country. there are now 115,300 post boxes in the  uk.
alexis douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in melbourne when a neighbour's pitbull attacked the five-year-old. she required 50 stitches to her face and was left with deep gashes of up to 10cm. dog owner edward powell escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $1500 fine by the court. her mother monique douglas says she cries every day for her daughter who is unable to play outside by herself. alexis spent the first term of this year huddled inside the classroom with her teachers.
business leaders express concerns over negative tactics of the conservative campaign ahead of general election. believe it has been too focussed on personal attacks and scaremongering against the opposition. say ed miliband is now the bookies' favourite to be the next prime minister. mr cameron's advisers have called on campaigners to change tack and focus on economic growth.
jay brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre, herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them. so he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each owlet using nail polish. the first born tawny owl is given orange talons, the second hatched has painted purple and for the third born, pink.
michael hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver jt mcgarry in 1980, and was dismissed of charges on wednesday.    on the day of his release last november, the moment he ate his first burger after being in prison for 36 years was captured on video. he is seen tucking into a bacon cheeseburger at a carl's jr restaurant .  hanline was the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in california's history.
kiwi jihadi mark john taylor has posted a video to youtube urging followers to attack anzac day services in australia and new zealand. he claims to be fighting with islamic state in syria. police commissioner mike bush confirmed extra security measures have been put in place. the video has since been removed. taylor is known to be a known member of new zealander authorities. he is one of very few new zealanders who are known to have joined the terror group.
sarah grimes sued university of alabama football coach nick saban's daughter kristen saban in 2012. she claimed in her lawsuit that she suffered lasting injuries during a boozy brawl with saban at her sorority sister's apartment in 2010 after a night of drinking. saban claimed it was grimes who attacked her and she was just defending herself. but a judge ruled that saban only defended herself against grimes.
bth o'rourke, 44, of paxton, massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer and passed away april 16. beth, a mother of two, wrote her own obituary for herself after she passed away.   she wrote that she died surrounded by family, in the arms of her husband brendan and children courtney, 11, and seamus, 8.
punting analyst mike steward has outlined the martingale betting strategy to win at two up. it's a system of betting which originated in france and is used by punters on anzac day. if you lose, you have to double your bet until your coins fall right. the strategy is known as the double-up approach to win and is known to be popular with punters. two up is one of australia's longest lasting traditions and is legal to be played across the country on saturday.
molly parks, 24, was found in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in manchester, new hampshire, on april 16 with a needle still in her arm. her father, tom parks, wrote an honest obituary about her struggle with drugs. he pleaded with other families to be supportive and get help for their loved ones with addictions. she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before turning to heroin.
none of apple's stores will have the watch in stock. consumers will have to pre-order the watches online and wait until june. limited supplies have been given to six designer outlets around the world. the watch costs between £299 and £13,500 for the gold edition. analysts believe apple is sitting on two million pre-orders for the watch.
scottish first minister said snp leader nicola sturgeon would form anti-tory alliance with labour and other smaller parties. snp could win as many as 50 mps in scotland - allowing ed miliband to become prime minister even if labour finish 40 seats behind the tories. mr miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the snp. comments came as labour slipped four points behind tories in the latest polls.
rhiannon langley is recovering from rhinoplasty at a five-star hotel in thailand. the 24-year-old from melbourne is sharing her 'nose job journey' with her social media followers. the hairdresser has almost 200,000 instagram followers. she is on a $5,190 'bangkok nose job' medical tourism package. miss langley tells daily mail australia she has been 'chilling out' by the pool, getting mani pedis and shopping.
'there are some who are involved in politics that choose to deny' that global warming is happening 'because it's inconvenient to their case and it might be inconvenient to some of their strongest political supporters'   'the president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact'  the president's spokesman, josh earnest, made the comments during a press conference on earth day in florida. obama's trip to the everglades came the day after he mocked opponents of global warming and said it is 'a problem now'
study shows 40 minutes of extra natural light per day could reduce cases of short-sightedness by 26 per cent in chinese children. scientists had thought reading or looking at a screen could cause the condition. lack of natural light is thought to be driving up rates of shortsightedness among the young. two in five adults in britain are shortsighted, and four in five in china.
mick schumacher will make his debut in the adac formula 4 series in germany this weekend. the 16-year-old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career. he will follow in the footsteps of his father, seven-time formula one champion michael. he is still recovering from a ski accident at his home in switzerland.
sarina aziz became agitated after cabin crew asked her to sit on her parents' lap on flight from israel to luton. ariella and mark aziz were trying to restrain the 19-month-old on transavia airlines flight. crew told family that the child was not 'following safety instructions' and called security to remove her. the family was removed from the plane and met by police at ben gurion airport in israel. transavia have said the action was justified as the child had caused a security breach.
women of japan swear by the 'beauty from within' philosophy and prefer to cleanse system internally. mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller in the east asian nation. it is a berry native to the rocky mountains and is used to treat acne.
department of immigration ranked third in survey of jobs people want to work for in australia. more than 50 per cent of people said they wanted to work at richard branson's virgin airline. the abc came second and the seven network and qantas were also in the top five.
alison, 43, from gloucestershire, was left with a breast that 'looked like a croissant'    she has since had 13 operations to fix the damage and wants to 'feel normal again' but is still living with the damage.
the anonymous ohio woman and her catholic husband decided to have an abortion at 23 weeks. their unborn daughter had achromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb'   the woman's daughter had 69 chromosomes instead of the normal 46. the woman was at a higher risk of miscarriage and death if the baby died in the womb. she and her husband chose to terminate the pregnancy.
scots guard shaun smith, 25, and welsh guard jason collins, 22, attacked civilian james wormald, 25. cctv cameras captured the attack last april near catterick garrison in north yorkshire. smith stamped 18 times on victim's head and punched him repeatedly in the face. both men admitted causing actual bodily harm but were cleared of gbh. but smith was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence and collins a community order. judge said he decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes and being told army wanted to keep them.
tv presenter richard wilkins made the pilgrimage to gallipoli on the eve of centenary commemorations. he retraced his grandfather george william thomson's footsteps as part of the new zealand medical corps. wilkins is rarely overcome with emotion despite working in the industry for almost 30 years. standing on anzac cove thinking of what his grandfather had faced 100 years ago, reduced him to tears.
rachael bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's lynnwood store when a man came in and showed her he had a gun. bishop tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register. as the man reached into the till she tried to swat his hand away. the robber punched bishop in the head multiple times and stole $280 from the register. bishop ran after the robber through the parking lot, warning people nearby that he was armed. she said it was 'just a reaction', an instinct to protect the store.
youngstown state university student government leaders said that the posters went 'way further than a free speech issue'   it is believed the posters were meant as satire, but missed the point of activism. university officials are investigating possible student code violations and disciplinary action may follow. the posters encouraged students to celebrate 'by not annoying the s*** out of everyone'
aidan turner's poldark co-star heida reed claims obsession with his body is sexist and undermines the show. miss reed, 27, said turner is being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if a woman. she said he is 'baffled' by the level of interest in his body.
embalmers brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning. at its peak, 200 scientists worked in a lab dedicated to the former leader's corpse. the bolshevik leader's remains were embalmed on stalin's orders when he died aged 53 in 1924. his body is on public display in a mausoleum in moscow.
ukip leader nigel farage says he gets an ‘unbelievably’ positive welcome when he meets black people. claims the party is only seen as racist by white people and is based on ‘no evidence’    claims party is racist have stopped many supporters - including rock stars and billionaires - from backing him publicly.
artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters. they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars. others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth. the posters were created by artist and entrepreneur frankmckeever, 28, from st augustine. he hopes the posters encourage us to expand our presence into the solarsystem.
baltimore police commissioner anthony batts ruled out the possibility of his resignation after his deputy admitted they should have sought medical help for freddie gray. gray died april 19 after he was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury in a police van. six officers have been suspended with pay. batts said calls for his resignation are 'not going to happen'   gray was arrested april 12 after he made eye contact with officers and ran away.
the number of passenger vehicle teen drivers involved in u.s. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people in the last decade. new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the drop in fatalities. between 2004 and 2013, the number of teen drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in fatal crashes dropped 55 per cent.
'yes, we will be all watching as a family tonight,' the 34-year-old beauty told e! when stopping by variety's 2015 power of women luncheon in new york city on friday. bruce jenner started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s but stopped after he met and fell in love with kris kardashian.
the small fort was discovered on top of dunnicaer sea stack on the coast of scotland. it was built by the picts and could only be accessed by climbing up the cliff face with ropes. the fort is thought to date from the 5th to 6th century and was cut off from the land at high tide. it is believed to have been built as a look out post on the top of a 20-foot-high sea stack.
andrea mcveigh, 44, was knocked down by a cyclist on the pavement in bermondsey, south london. the social media manager was left with facial injuries after being hit face-first. the cyclist fled the scene, chased by her husband who was chasing after him. police have launched a hunt for the mystery cyclist who sped off from the scene.
timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents bob, 90, and elsie, 83, and then driven bodies 150 miles in grey nissan micra. he is accused of killing his parents in swindon and then driving bodies to lincoln. but the grey car he is said to have used to transport the bodies has been lost. prosecutors say the blunder could have forensic consequences for his double murder case.
jeni's splendid ice creams of ohio said on its website on thursday that it is recalling its frozen products. the company is recalling all of its ice cream, frozen yogurts, sorbets, and ice cream sandwiches. the nebraska department of agriculture found listeria in a sample of jeni's ice cream. the action follows a similar recall by texas-based blue bell creameries on monday night.
shaker aamer has been held at guantanamo bay without charge or trial for more than 13 years. us government sources say the 48-year-old is expected to be freed in june, sources say. the father-of-four is the longest-serving uk resident in the notorious prison camp. he has been cleared for release twice and has a british wife and four children in london.
christopher wheeler, 54, worked at the exclusive tower hill school in delaware. had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in wilmington in 2013. investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually his adopted son, aspiring professional golfer nikolai, and two other teenagers. he was sentenced by the same judge who found him guilty of dealing child pornography.
video posted by elihudi justin urassa has been watched more than 3.5million times on facebook. a young woman is seen sucking on to the tube of crisps before removing it to reveal her new lips. the worrying trend started sweeping social media, encouraging teens to emulate kylie jenner's pout. the #kyliejennerchallenge encourages teens to blow their lips up using bottles or shot glasses.
southern wales stud farm owner sonia sharrock rescued five horses from rising flood waters. her brother-in-law steve spowart spent five hours helping to rescue the animals. he dived down into the freezing water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses. the animals were trapped in the storm water at her stud farm in maitland, new south wales. ms sharrock and her sister had to lead the animals out of the deep water on a surfboard.
radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour found underneath a slide in tokyo park. it is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person. authorities believe radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park. the park has been cordoned off and authorities are investigating the cause.
jessa, 22, and her husband ben seewald, 19, are expecting their first child. the baby is due on november 1, which is jessa's one year wedding anniversary. the couple are known for their health-conscious lifestyle. jessa revealed that she is trying to adjust her workouts to ensure she stays fit and active while expecting.
charlene wall jeffs, 58, has been married to lyle jeff's for 31 years and has 10 children. she was forced to leave the polygamous church of jesus christ of latter-day saints last year for being 'unrighteous'    she claims the church has 'become even more disturbing than it was under warren'  she was excommunicated in september 2014 and is fighting to have her two youngest children, who still live with her husband, returned to her.
rose mcgrath of battle creek, michigan was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia in 2012. rose was dismissed from st. joseph's middle school for low attendance and poor academic performance. rose only attended school 32 days out of the entire school year. the school claims that rose made many accommodations for her illness but that they were 'woefully inadequate' and that she still feels ill.
dubai-based photographer martin beck has taken a series of portraits of superheroes. the series shows how the good guys are now focusing on the struggles of everyday life.    the series is called we can be heroes and is a collection of 20 portraits and limited edition prints.
paul gregory, 51, of bedford, claimed he could only walk 200 metres but was a keen walker and mountaineer. he claimed exercise left him breathless and he was attacked by cows on a 191-mile hike. bedford borough council staff noticed a newspaper report recounting his exploits. he was fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work at court.
bruce jenner, 65, started having hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine. stopped after he met and fell in love with kris kardashian in late 1990. he underwent breast reduction surgery before the couple married in 1991. he was greatly influenced by the life story of transgender tennis player renee richards. he addressed his gender transition in a two-hour abc special tonight.
she is known as the bombshell girlfriend of made in chelsea's ollie proudlock. billed by brand as 'perfect for every blushing bride' and priced between £14 and £85. collection includes a curve-skimming dress and a thong.
birmingham airport could be rebranded'shakespeare's airport' to attract more tourists to the u.s. but there are concerns that not enough americans will know who the playwright is. hs2 rail link will make the airport just 38 minutes from the centre of london. a similar rebranding in china has attracted thousands of tourists to birmingham.
'escort card' was a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive in late 19th-century america. collector alan mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers. many of the cards bear phrases such as:'may i escort you home' and 'who the devil are you?'   the cards were used by men seeking the company of women and were a more casual version of business cards.
four men of somali descent charged with trying to join the islamic state in minnesota. they are among six men of minnesota men charged with traveling or attempting to travel to syria to join isis. all of the suspects are accused of being paid $13,000 by the fbi to set up a former friend. judge ordered the four men to remain in custody while the case proceeds. they claim they came to the u.s. for peace and were set up by their former friend, who was paid by the government.
a man dressed as a woman robbed a northwest melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun. the man was wearing a blonde curly wig, red lipstick, a mauve skirt and a wig. a 23-year-old taylors hill man was arrested and charged with one count of armed robbery. police say the man allegedly robbed the store last month. he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a fake firearm.
sofia abramovich is the daughter of chelsea fc owner roman. she has been criticised on instagram about her appearance and weight. the 18-year-old has hit back saying she is going to turn the negative comments into positivity. she is roman's daughter by his second wife irina and has five children.
anzac day falls on a saturday this year and no public holiday is triggered by state governments. all states but canberra and western australia will have monday off. anzac day is only a public holiday when it falls on monday. bosses in some states have been warned to expect a rise in employees calling in sick. the agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation.
a house in narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged during this week's super storm in sydney. a team of firefighters, police and engineers pulled the house down the hill it was built on. a cherry picker was brought in to harness the house's weight and push it down. the house was damaged in the storm, endangering neighbouring properties. the death toll from the storm has reached eight, with over 11,000 calls for assistance.
pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough uranium to double arsenal by next year. chinese nuclear experts say country could have as many as 20 nuclear warheads - double previous estimates. china's estimates exceed most previous forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs. north korea has conducted three nuclear detonations and could have 100 warheads within five years.
sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday. footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors. the four-alarm fire at the rumson mansion, known as blithewald, has been ruled accidental.
intruders broke into a home in hatfield peverel, essex, flooded the kitchen, dumped the tv in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs. stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet and left thousands of pounds in damage. police described it as one of the worst cases of'mindless destruction' they have ever seen.
detective sergeant stephen phillips, christopher evans and michael stokes are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer'   they are accused of taking bundles of notes worth £30,000 from the home of a suspected criminal. the officers from south wales police were all arrested as a result of an investigation.
unnamed 20-year-old woman was driving on the i-25 in weld county, north of denver, colorado. her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck. she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she was shot clean through the neck. the bullet did not damage her airway and she is expected to recover. sheriff's deputies say the shooting may be linked to other reports of shattered windows on highways.
katie hopkins used language similar to that of rwandan media in the run up to the 1994 genocide and by nazis in the 1930s. un's rights chief zeid ra'ad al husein said sun columnist used 'nasty underbelly of racism'    zeid asked british authorities, media, and regulatory bodies to crack down on inciting racial hatred. more than 1,750 people have already died this year making the sea crossing to try to reach europe.
jamaican sprinter said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat vegetables instead. said his chef chases him around the house to check he is eating his greens. bolt said he hasn't had kfc for four months and 'hates them all'   the 28-year-old said he needs to be 'perfect in training' and 'eating right is a part of training'
headteacher linda shute has banned all other drinks at rowdown primary school in new addington, south london. children are banned from drinking tea, coffee, fruit juice and soft drinks during the school day. rule enforced to protect the long-term health of pupils at the school. but some parents claim many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
louise henderson alakil, 49, moved to the middle eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher. she is hiding in a shelter below her family home with her children miriam, 11, and ayesha, nine. family's passports have expired and the uk authorities in yemen are closed. more than 1,000 people have been killed in the fighting over the past month.
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now. new mums are under pressure to get body back to pre-pregnancy shape after birth. but women's health physiotherapist camilla lawrence warns against doing too much too soon. she says it's important to ease body back into exercise safely and carefully.
aberash bekele, 32, is angry at filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent. she believes the film could put her and her family in danger of reprisals. she was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage. miss jolie, 39, has become increasingly known for her humanitarian work.
bath and north east somerset council says developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered building to be bulldozed. landmark developments ltd tore down derelict property and built block of 14 flats in bath city centre. but residents complained the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than approved plans.
a supervolcano in yellowstone national park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day. a magma chamber beneath the surface is not considered large enough to produce these levels. geophysicists tracked seismic waves from 5,000 earthquakes to find the source in a secondary chamber deeper underground. it is so large its partly-molten rock could fill the grand canyon 11 times over. the yellowstone supervol volcano is one of the largest active continental silicic volcanic fields in the world and last erupted 640,000 years ago.
risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes. news comes as cigar use rises in the us, where study was carried out, and cigarette smoking declines. cigar consumption more than doubled from 2000-2011 - in contrast with a 33 per cent fall for cigarettes .
former young divas singer kate dearaugo turned to drugs to mask her depression after gaining weight. she underwent weight loss surgery in may 2012 to help her lose 68kg. at her heaviest, she weighed 127.5 kgs. she spoke out about her battle with mental health on the kyle and jackie o show.
dr warren weinstein was killed during a us drone strike in january along with aid worker giovanni lo porto. it has been claimed his family transferred money to his captors two years before his death. it is also claimed they were used as a shield to protect a senior al qaeda operative from drone strikes. captors are said to have demanded the release of prominent afghan prisoners. weinstein's family has already slammed the us government's response to his abduction.
the mother-of-two, 34, stars in campaign for online fashion retailer dafiti, shot in são paulo. signed because they believe she embodies the style of the brand. the victoria's secret angel is no. 8 on forbes list of top-earning models.
kyle toth, who runs his own custom woodworking business, built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula, california. it measures 45ft in length and sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft. kyle cut the tree to make it even on both sides and it is made from raw materials.
kim kardashian has long had her pick of holiday destinations. the reality tv star has spent time in paris and israel with husband kanye west. her holiday tastes have changed over the years and she now spends more time in israel and armenia. kim and kanye recently took a tour of armenian and   israel.
scientists at university college london studied the brains of 17 professional comedians and a barrister. brain scans revealed differences in the way their brains worked while talking. super speakers were found to have less activity in a key area of the brain involved in speech comprehension. this suggests they put less effort into the basic mechanics of speech.
david marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years behind bars for the murder of eni mevish, a 20-year-old student. he stabbed her in the heart, lungs and liver six months after they met on a canal towpath. marshall was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year old girl when he killed her at her home. he was 'jealous' of her other friendships and had already served a jail sentence for assaulting the girl.
bill parker, 34, of gulfport was mowing his lawn while at his family home last sunday when he thought a rock hit him in the face. after going to memorial hospital a scan revealed it was a three-and-a-half-inch metal fence wire. parker thought he was hit by a rock but the wire was lodged in his left nostril and was in his sinus cavity. dr timothy haffey removed the wire in a 20-minute sinus surgery. the wire miraculously dodged all of parker's important nerves and arteries.
atlantis, the palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into the ambassador lagoon aquarium, which holds 65,000 marine animals. each suite has enough room for five guests at the five-star palm resort in dubai. each three-storey suite is three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan. each has a 24-hour private butler service to keep guests feeling pampered.
navinder sarao's family's semi-detached house in suburban west london is closer to internet server used by major financial exchanges. his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london. he is accused of helping to trigger the wall street 'flash crash' of 2010 from his parents' home. 36-year-old allegedly made £26.7million in just four years of dealing from their home. he spent a third night in custody after failing to pay £5million surety to secure bail.
richard hammond has ruled out returning to top gear, becoming final presenter to leave the motoring show. presenter took to twitter to announce he would not 'quit my mates' jeremy clarkson and james may. former executive producer andy wilman has launched a scathing attack on'meddling' bbc executives. mr wilman sensationally quit the corporation yesterday after being axed over 'fracas' with a producer.    clarkon was seen out for a drink with friends in a west london pub after meeting with former co-presenters hammond and may.
none of apple's stores will have the watch in stock. consumers will have to pre-order the watches online and wait until june. limited supplies have been given to six designer outlets around the world. analysts believe apple is sitting on two million pre-orders and sales could top 20 million this year.
royals starter yordano ventura and white sox outfielder adam eaton sparked the brawl. umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of thursday's game. the whole of both teams ran onto the field for the brawl at chicago's u.s. cellular field, illinois.
study by consumer reports in the us found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria. scientists found traces of e.coli, mrsa, salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning. majority of shrimp sold on supermarket shelves come from vast prawn farms in india, thailand and indonesia.
samantha crossland, 30, stole the money from a child's play nursery in west yorkshire. she pocketed parents' fees from the child's day nursery she worked at in a trusted position. she was told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back. crossland's parents michael and susan won more than £1.2 million on the lottery in july 2008. she pleaded guilty to theft and was sentenced to a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work. the money has now been repaid in full and crossland escaped jail.
highlights is limited to english-language readers with the twitter app installed on an android device. it provides a twice-daily summary of the best tweets from people you follow. the feature is being rolled out first in english for people using android-powered devices. twitter has been rolling out a number of new features to improve engagement for users.
state broadcasterrtve has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities running with the bulls in pamplona. the town's mayor said he feared the show would turn bull running into big brother. fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event.
skywest airlines flight 5622 was flying from chicago to connecticut when pilot was alerted to a possible loss of cabin pressure. three passengers lost consciousness and others began to feel dizzy and sick. pilot plunged the aircraft into a dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes - landing in buffalo, new york. investigation has found no mechanical faults with the plane.
conrad clitheroe, gary cooper and neil munro were arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport. they were held in jail for two months after being arrested on national security grounds. men were released this week after charges of espionage would not be brought against them. men, from stockport, were released after spending two months in jail in dubai.
imran uddin, 25, used a keyboard spying device to hack into university computers and up his exam marks. he was jailed for four months after admitting six breaches of the computer misuse act.    he attached a device to the back of a number of university computers to steal staff passwords.  he changed the marks on five pieces of his coursework and was expected to achieve a 2:2.
brian bayers was preparing to take his 18-month-old son jackson back to day-care on february 13 when he accidentally backed over him with his truck. brian thought his son was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed the back door of his house was wide open. jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when he ran outside to chase after his father he was crushed by the car.
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. called joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. australianresearchers have tested the drone running companions called jogobot. called    the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing.
aussie the dog saved his owners kai, seven, and sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle. the family were walking in a park after the new south wales storms. aussie was killed suddenly in the puddle after he was killed by a fallen live electrical wire. the children were only a metre away from the dog when he died. the dog was always protective of his owners and was buried under a tree outside kai's bedroom window.
morgan geyser, 12, and her friend anissa weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attempted murder of payton leutner. payton was stabbed 19 times in the woods in waukesha, wisconsin in may 2014. her lawyer applied to have her bail reduced so that she could move to a mental hospital. a judge denied the request and said she is a flight risk and will remain in jail on $500,000 bail. the two girls are being charged as adults in the attack on payton.
rump, fillet and t-bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out. 55 per cent of us rely on burgers or mince when cooking beef at home. a quarter of under 35's have never been shown how to cook a cut of beef. thyme and red wine is a perfect partner for roast beef.
the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded best road in the world. the road features 93 bends and breathtaking views of the douro valley. a591 from kendal to keswick in the lake district has also been named britain's best road.
revellers in the remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs above a raging fire. locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease. the annual fire festival lasts for 11 days and is organized to 'protect the village' from natural calamities.
pictures show veronica bolina lying partially naked on the ground in front of officers and other prisoners in sao paulo, brazil. 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour. police claim she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody. investigation is now underway amid reports police 'pulverized' her face leaving her with horrific injuries.
freddie gray, 25, was arrested on april 12 in baltimore and died a week later after he was taken to the police station in a police van without a seat belt. he was handcuffed and put in leg irons but was not buckled in. gray's family's lawyer said his spine was '80 per cent severed at his neck'   police rules updated nine days before gray's arrest stated that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other device.
thomas hoey jr., 43, was sentenced to 12.5 years prison wednesday after refusing to help, kimberly calo, 41, who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol, during a sex party at manhattan's kitano hotel in january 2009 . he was charged with conspiracy to distribute cocaine, conspiracy to suborn perjury and obstruction of justice. hoeys' then-girlfriend, nicole zobkiw, was later found guilty of lying to a grand jury about the incident.
robert bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris, 44, during a botched sting in tulsa, oklahoma, on april 2. a memo from an internal police inquiry has revealed that bates was given special treatment when he was admitted into the deputy program. he has been accused of shooting harris dead instead of reaching for his taser. district attorney steve kunzweiler is now calling for an investigation into the allegations. bates is accused of using his personal car while on duty and making unauthorized stops.
with no cell phone reception to call for help, owner tom george had to leave his dog shelby stuck in a pool by the great salt lake's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town. a family was willing to stay with shelby and more strangers followed as they heard his story. the group of 20 strangers joined forces to help rescue a dog named shelby out of a tar pit. shelby has since recovered and his coat is growing back.
gary goldsmith's chihuahua cheech was run over by a'speeding' cyclist in regents park. the duchess of cambridge's uncle posted a picture of the alleged culprit on social media. mr goldsmith has vowed to make it his 'personal mission' to find the man.
aaron bee was wanted by lincolnshire police over an alleged domestic violence and assault. he was on the run for two weeks after breaking a non-molestation order against his former girlfriend. the 22-year-old was jailed for eight months but has been released after spending less than five months behind bars. he took selfies outside five different police stations while he was taunting officers. bee was eventually arrested in november in a cafe after posing outside police stations.
war widows are visiting the gallipoli battlefields for anzac day 100th anniversary commemoration. 10 world war one widows will be the guests of honour at the dawn service on saturday. the department of veteran's affairs is bringing 10 war widows to the battlefields. the widows were much younger than their returned servicemen husbands. many of them are visiting for the first time and will be joining 10,000 australians and new zealanders for the event.
nicholas salvador, 25, is accused of killing palmira silva, 82, with a machete in her garden in london last year. she was found dead in a garden in nightingale road, edmonton, north london, in september. he appeared briefly at london's old bailey and pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. salvador also pleaded guilty to a separate assault charge, giving the same reason. the widow ran a successful cafe, silva's cafe, in the street where she was killed.
mohamad saeed kodaimati, 24, a syrian national and naturalized us citizen, is accused of making false statements to the fbi about his involvement with syrian militants. saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any islamic state members.   in online chats and posts, saeed allegedly bragged about working for a sharia court, expressed his support for isis and claimed to have fought in a gun battle that lasted four months.
the dardanelles campaign was one of the most spectacular allied failures of world war i. nearly 400,000 allied soldiers were killed in the disastrous campaign. allied troops landed on the gallipoli peninsula on april 25, 1915, to begin the invasion of turkey. the campaign almost ended the career of winston churchill, the instigator of the campaign. today is the centenary of the start of the allied invasion of the peninsula.
some 2,700 tourists were rushed off liberty island after bomb threat at midday friday. a 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the statue of liberty. police sniffer dogs found a suspicious locker on the island, but it was later found to be a hoax. the island was deemed safe again around 4:30pm, but tourists were not allowed back.
sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers. the neglected cat from sea isle city in new jersey was handed over to the rescue agency s.o.s sea isles cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home. sprinkles had an awful flea infestation, ear mites, and an ear infection when she was rescued. she is expected to lose a pound a month on a special diet.
game makers have been told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill space of old kent road in exeter. thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city to fill the more expensive slots. but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board. exeter city council leader pete edwards said there are no areas suitable for the brown spots.
mary todd lowrance, 49, a texas english high school teacher was arrested after being accused of having an improper relationship with a male student over the age of 17. lowrance turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning. she is a teacher at moises e molina high school. officers learned of the alleged relationship after lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who alerted police.
service records belonging to two of joel edgerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in gallipoli 100 years ago. as australia prepares to commemorate the anzac centenary on saturday. nicole kidman's great-grandfather and geoffrey rush's great uncle were also involved in world war one. the records are among 12 million wwi historical documents available to australians.
barry lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after pleading guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his brother patrick. barry was charged with punching his brother in kings cross, sydney, on january 3. patrick spent six days in a coma and was in an induced coma after the alleged attack. the irish tourist pleaded guilty to the charge earlier this month. the brothers plan to return home to ireland together.
mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster, worcestershire, in 1943. she was the only woman in the laboratory at the secret factory and tested metal for aircraft engines. now 91, the great grandmother revisited the site 70 years after leaving her job as a scientist. more than 700 people worked at the site, which was one of the largest underground factories during the war.
suicide bomber abu hafs al-badri is claimed to be one of the cousins of isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi. the teenager blew himself up at a checkpoint in iraq. isis has stepped up their use of teenage suicide bombers in recent weeks. another teenager was shown in a video criticising the west before carrying out a suicide attack.
surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle, when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path. the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes. he was taken to harborview medical center in seattle for treatment of minor injuries. the incident occurred just after 11am on monday.
riana mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a las vegas hotel. officer shawn izzo and the metropolitan police department are being sued for $4million. she needed 26 stitches after her face was'smashed into a glass table-top' at mirage hotel casino.
khalid rashad, 61, charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose and ammunition. remanded in custody after appearing at camberwell magistrates' court today. charged by police investigating death of abdul hadi arwani, 48, who was found dead on april 7. father-of-six's body was found in his parked car in wembley, north west london. rashad is a director of the an-noor community centre in acton, where imam was killed.
'well cared-for and loved' efan james was found lying face down and unresponsive the morning after sharing a bed with his mother hannah james. pembrokeshire coroner mark layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing'   he said new parents were given 'conf confusing' advice over how tired they could be in the same bed as baby.
tiny settlements of people hidden away from the rest of the world are hidden in some of the most beautiful places on earth. from villages under boulders in portugal, to floating villages in peru and hidden monasteries in india. the settlements are hidden behind rock faces, hidden behind cliffs and hidden in volcanic craters.
mysterious pair of white lights have been spotted hovering perilously close to chile's erupting calbuco volcano. the lights were filmed on wednesday and have gone viral on the internet. internet users suggest the lights could be police helicopters, an optical illusion or an alien aircraft. volcano cal buco erupted for the first time in 40 years forcing 1,500 people to flee their homes.
kevin bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures at the hands of dr nicholas crees. had four root canal treatments and five crowns fitted at his guisborough practice. his teeth were reduced to 'apple cores' and he will need years of remedial treatment. mr bowes has won £30,000 in an out-of-court settlement after a two-year battle with dr crees .
more than a dozen people were injured after a stage collapsed at westfield high school's performance of american pie on thursday night. at least one person was critically injured and another suffered head trauma. the stage collapsed half-way through a song during a performance of the musical at the indiana public school. students were performing at the end of the show when the platform beneath them collapsed, sending them plummeting 10 feet into the orchestra pit below.
anna moser's daughter sharista giles of sweetwater, tennessee, was driving home from a concert in december when she was in a car accident. she was five months pregnant and doctors said she had a two-per cent chance of recovering. giles opened her eyes earlier this month after four months in a coma. though she is still nonverbal, her mother believes her daughter hears her and talks to her every day.
trussell trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups which open new foodbanks. money is needed to pay for staff, branding materials, pr advice and relationships with tesco. critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent on food.
presenter charlie stayt was broadcasting from a primary school in southampton, hampshire. he missed out the letter 'c' when he wrote the word 'education' on a whiteboard. viewers took to twitter to complain after he was forced to spell out the word live on air. stayt later described the gaffe as 'one of those things'   colleague bill turnbull made him spell out word education live on-air after being alerted by colleagues.
nasa scientists in california have revealed a distant image of curiosity on the surface of mars. it was taken by the mars reconnaissance orbiter from 187 miles up. nasa scientists have revealed that the rover's tracks cannot be seen. this was spotted by the orbiter, but it is the first time in 2015. the rover’s tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by martian weather. curiosity is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock in gale crater.
royal marine bobby burnett forced samantha chudley to stop wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men. 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him. he forced her to hand over passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts. he was jailed for two years and two months after admitting aggravated harassment and making threats to kill.
wat pha luang ta bua in thailand's western kanchanaburi province - commonly known as 'the tiger temple' - is home to 147 tigers in the care of monks. thai wildlife officials began a headcount on friday after a temple vet complained to authorities that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary. the temple has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks and their pets.
kay bennett, 33, from swindon, says she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has no success. she has six facial tattoos and says they have turned her into a jobless recluse. she wants laser removal but says she will have to stay on benefits until then. miss bennett says she suffers from depression and has gone from a size 12 to an 18. she says she wants someone to pay for her to have the tattoos removed.
john hinckley jr spends 17 days a month at his 89-year-old mother's home in virginia. he has been allowed freedom in stages following the assassination attempt on president reagan in 1981. his lawyers say he is 'clinically ready' to live full-time outside a mental hospital. he was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the shooting of the president in an effort to impress jodie foster.
a couple heard the terrifying message: 'wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' come through their 3-year-old son's baby monitor. the stranger had managed to hack the baby monitor and the family says the hacker was even able to remotely control the camera on the device. when the washington couple's son complained of someone talking to him at night, his parents put it down to his imagination. they believe it is not just the audio monitor that has been hacked.
edda goering failed in her bid to get the state of bavaria to return family money confiscated after the collapse of the third reich. hermann goering was deputy to hitler and the regime's greatest art thief. the infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums. but his daughter edda, 76, has always refused to criticise him. she petitioned the bavarian parliament's legal affairs committee for compensation for her father's legacy. she claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets was illegal.
language teacher used her classes to defend adolf hitler's domestic record and plans for overseas expansion. she has been suspended from auguste remoir college in limoges, west-central france. 17 of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher. she suggested tanks should be used to invade france again to subdue unruly pupils.
michael gridley, 26, was jailed for a year after orchestrating scam to steal £15,000 of goods from asda in basildon, essex. stock including alcohol, cigarettes, dvds and consoles were taken from store. but after being sacked he managed to land a managerial role at lidl after he was sacked. gridley and colleague jay reed, 23, were jailed for their part in the scam at southend crown court.
linda and george hunter spent a lifetime paying off their mortgage and became mortgage free 15 years ago. they live in garrick street, wavertree, liverpool, and raised four children in their home. eight years ago liverpool city council offered to sell neighbouring homes for £1 as part of a regeneration scheme. but the couple feel trapped as property prices in neighbouring houses have dramatically fallen. estate agents say the couple would struggle to sell their home for more than £1.
opera singer liu guijuan posted pictures of herself wearing headdress made from feathers of 80 kingfishers. web users and conservationists criticised her indifference towards animal welfare. she said she bought the headdress more than a decade ago for £10,775. two of the 11 types of kingfisher in china are protected species.
the 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along anderson road in glenning valley on the central coast of nsw. the driver held her license for one day when she lost control of her vehicle on thursday night. the group of five were travelling in a white mitsubishi lancer. the car crashed into a wheelie bin before smashing into a brick wall. two passengers were taken to hospital in a serious condition while the driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs, forehead and abdomen.
kristy peckham is the ex-partner of disgraced cook mp billy gordon and the mother of his two children. she has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered. for three months she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear. mr gordon was told by queensland premier annastacia palaszczuk to quit after details of his criminal past was revealed. until now, she has been in hiding. the cook mp has refused to resign from parliament.
reverend creflo dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' to buy a gulfstream g650 to replace his damaged aircraft. the televangelist says the world changers church's current plane is broken and needs to be replaced. dollar is known to own two rolls royces and multi-million dollar homes. he has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work and claims 'the devil is trying to discredit' him. dollar was arrested in 2012 for allegedly attacking his daughter.
brooke shedd, 26, and jane shalakhova, 25, appeared on today's this morning with boyfriend adam lyons. say they do not'share' adam and are as much in love with each other as they are with him. all three live together and share a king-sized bed.
tensions have remained high at the sugar pine mine near medford after it was served with a federal stop-work order. owners summoned armed guards from the conservative oath keepers activist network ahead of a major protest. the owners insist they want to avoid a high profile stand-off with the u.s. government.
the large android shape covers a mountainous region near the city of shahpur in pakistan. it is not an official google feature and the image is believed to have been added using google's map maker. the image appears on both the desktop and mobile version of maps but disappears in satellite view. it shows an android shape urinating on an apple logo. a google spokesman said the figure will be removed from google maps shortly.
william and kate, whose second child is due tomorrow, have been seen out on shopping trips this week. duchess recycled a pink mulberry coat by british brand. she was spotted in her local homeware store, zara home, in kensington high street.
lawyers for brett peter cowan will file an application to have chief justice tim carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal. cowan was convicted for the murder of 13-year-old daniel morcombe in 2014.   cowan received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the sunshine coast teenager's body in 2003.
cobain lived in two bedroom apartment on spaulding avenue in l.a.'s fairfax district during the height of nirvana-mania. current owner brandon kleinman, 31, has listed it on airbnb for £108 a night. the two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building.   cobain and courtney love lived in the apartment in 1991 and 1992, just before frances bean cobain was born. it has been fully renovated and much of the idol's artwork has been covered up.
showtime and hbo could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the bout via apps like periscope or meerkat. around 500 tickets to the may 2 bout went on sale to the general public on thursday night. prices range from $5,900 to $130,000 on secondary sales sites. floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight on saturday, may 2, in las vegas.
zoo weekly removed images of a half-naked model holding a red poppy from facebook. the department of veteran affairs condemned the 'commemorative issue' zoo weekly used the word 'anzac' without permission from the minister for veterans' affairs. the word is protected by federal legislation and is not used for commercial purposes. zoo weekly removed all 'offending' images of the model.
ibrahim ahmad, a senior at la center high in washington state will miss his prom because of a five-day suspension from school. the 18-year-old was suspended for wearing a vest with fake explosives around his body to ask a date to the prom. school superintendent mark mansell says ahmad's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment for disrupting the learning environment. ahmad says the prank was all in good fun.
angelina jolie briefed the un security council as special envoy for the u.n. on refugee issues in new york on friday. the actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in syria and sharply criticized the un for their lack of action. nearly four million syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries. when asked about jolie's briefing, syria's u.n. ambassador bashar ja'afari responded:'she is beautiful'    she urged council members to visit syrian refugees and see the crisis for themselves.
andre gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by nasa and taken by the mars rover opportunity. he claims to have spotted what he believes to be a bunker on the red planet, with armed people peering out of its windows. cignac claims that the 'bunker' could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker. last year, a ufo hunter spotted a 'coffin' in an image of mars. other objects found in images of mars include a fossilised iguana and a grilled cheese sandwich.
newly confirmed attorney general-designate loretta lynch will take over from eric holder after a months-long delay. holder has served as attorney general since 2009 and is the third-longest serving attorney general in u.s. history. he addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members at a farewell gathering on friday.
remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion. her ear became inflamed and she was forced to remove the piercing. remmie was left with a hazelnut-sized keloid scar on the top of her ear. she says the lump is 'vile' and has knocked her confidence. her mother told her not to have the piercing done.
shabana bibi, 25, died in hospital on saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body. her husband muhammad siddique and father-in-law pir bakhsh have been arrested. bibi's brother said he will set himself alight if he does not get justice. she had been married to her husband for three years and suffered domestic abuse.
carol cole was 17 years old when she escaped from a texas juvenile jail in october 1980 and was found stabbed nine times in the woods in january 1981. police in bossier parish, louisiana, found the body of a teenage girl mutilated and stabbed in the back and chest. carol's family tried to identify the body for 34 years. her sister and a friend posted craigslist ads across michigan and texas in an attempt to find her. her remains were found and identified in february. john chesson, who is currently in prison for an unrelated murder, has been identified as a possible suspect by his own daughter.
three-year-old girl was airlifted to morriston hospital in swansea after being mauled in the face by her family's pet dog. she suffered horrific facial injuries after the alaskan malamute crossed with a siberian huskey. she was playing in the garden when her family heard screams and found the dog 'gripping' her head. the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull and was rushed to hospital. the dog was taken to a vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed.
alyssa marie chang, 56, allegedly kidnapped her lover's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son, ronnie tran, last week. she was furious with the mother of the other girlfriend because she thought she was circulating doctored photos of her lover. alyssa chang was arrested after she showed up at the home of her love rival with a taser and told her to take her son. john truong agreed to babysit the boy on tuesday night, and his sister told him the boy was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go on a date night. the next day, truong was reading facebook when he realized the boy had been abducted
british warship hms bulwark and german supply ship berlin to be sent to the mediterranean within days. italian prime minister matteo renzi says measures are 'a giant step forward' after years of dithering. 1,700 refugees have died in the last week alone in attempt to flee to europe.
ciudad real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more €1billion but was closed three years later. it was supposed to be a symbol of modern spain's affluence, but is now empty. judge ruled that it should be sold off, with an asking price of €100million. but there are no takers and the airport will be sold for just one pound.
julieane jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering. austin essig, 19, jumped out of the third-floor window from an apartment complex in fort collins, colorado, on april 14 'without hesitation' after eating a pot brownie. the alleged victim took to the police department's facebook page to describe the strange 'trip' he experienced after eating the edible. his mother, juliene jabloski, was arrested on suspicion of providing marijuana and felony tampering with a witness. police say jablonki told her son to 'lie about where the marijuana came from'
connor sullivan, of cupertino, california, attended his first class at monta vista high school on monday and then disappeared. police and volunteers had searched frantically for the 17-year-old, who was staying at and around his school. he returned home on thursday night and told police he slept every night under the bleachers at the school. the junior was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus and spent the first day hiking at the scenic reserve. he survived by eating from the fruit trees at his school, which grow pineapple guavas and pear-like quinces.
tipper lewis, 43, from london, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years. she credits chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her energy and good health. she doesn't even have a doctor and credits her wrinkle-free skin and boundless energy.
the last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an arctic island for around 5,000 years, forcing them to inbreed. genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains show that their population became chronically inbred. scientists claim to have inserted a dozen of the creature's genes into the live dna of an elephant. the study raises the prospect of bringing the mammoth back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
vivienne garton, 65, was devastated her 10-year-old west highland terrier ben was stolen from her garden. she put posters up near her home in bristol but received anonymous call threatening to cut up the dog. police are investigating an incident of blackmail after she received two calls.
most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million. it was the largest stock package eric schmidt has received since 2011. he also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million. schmidt, 59, already is among the world's richest people with an estimated fortune of $9 billion.
pregnant tv presenter and model nicky buckley copped heavy criticism for showing bump on tv during her pregnancy. she continued to work through her nine month pregnancy in 1997. buckley was a game show host and model and later a tv presenter. she has written a memoir about her experience and how she soldiered on with her job. she is now nearly 50 years old.
sanjay chaddah concocted a 'tissue of lies' claiming dean paton had kicked him and called him a 'p**i'   but police discovered altercation had been caught on cctv and cleared mr paton of any wrongdoing.    he was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
britain is set to go from being hotter than turkey and ibiza to colder than moscow, stockholm and finland in a matter of days. forecasters predict temperatures are set to plunge by 10c next week. it comes after one of the warmest aprils on record.
cadbury's dairy milk spectacular will contain one row each of dairy milk caramel, fruit & nut, oreo and daim. the bar was created for a competition to get people to try new flavours. only 50 of the 50 bars will be available. the super bar is the first time cadbury's has released a bar with seven different flavours.
lania roberts, 18, made a new year's resolution to lose weight and love herself more back in 2012. she lost 50 pounds, but later gained the weight back - and began painting self-portraits as a way of finding beauty in her flaws. she recently gave a motivational speech at syracuse university on learning to love herself unconditionally.
the $45.2billion deal would have merged comcast's 30million customers with time warner cable's 11million. comcast is already the biggest cable and internet provider in the country. federal communications regulators decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock. this followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers.
vonda thedford, 55, was driving along a pittsburg county rural road when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground. she says it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail'   no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter. the legend of the chupacabra dates back to 1995 in puerto rico.
graeme finlay, 53, went on trial after retired engineer ron phillips, 70, and his wife june, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident on board the thomson celebration luxury liner. the frail couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack. but the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence. jury at teesside crown court took less than an hour to return not guilty verdicts to charges of unlawful wounding and inflicting gbh.
bradley parkes was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through. his mother tiffany, 35, said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in coventry. bradley had been robbed at knifepoint several times and slashed in the face. the manchester united fan was found unconscious in willenhall woods. he is fighting for his life in a coma and his family have been warned to prepare for brain damage.
the remote beach hut on mudeford spit in christchurch, dorset, is the same price as a five-bedroom house in herefordshire. measuring just 15ft by 10ft, it has no bathroom, no mains electricity and can only be reached by boat or a novelty 'noddy' train. hut can sleep up to five people and commands views across christchurch bay to the needles and isle of wight.
femail writer deni kirkova, 24, travelled to four different pret a manger shops in london to find out how to get a free coffee. chief executive clive schlee has given staff the power to hand out free drinks on the house. she visited six different prets across london and found out what it takes to get one.
dramatic decline in popularity blamed on chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown. just a year ago tibetan mastiffs could fetch up to £1.2million each in china. mastiffs were traditionally used by people to herd other animals and are known for their loyalty.
the majority of the world’s volcanoes are found deep underwater and now scientists have been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes. underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum rather than an explosive roar. the research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively. volcanoes lurking hidden under the world's oceans may play a greater role in climate change than previously thought.
sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in texas on thursday morning. he was found with a gunshot wound to the head. his manager said he exhibited no suicidal warning signs and was a 'good kid'   he appeared in 139 episodes of the popular us sitcom and was said to be anti-drugs, quiet and shy.
deshawn isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and dragged her to the ground. the middle school student was sitting in the otherwise empty carriage when the woman boarded the cta train in oak park on monday. he allegedly beat and assaulted her during the six-minute ride and stole $2,000 in cash. his mother turned her son in to the police after she recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police. he has been charged as an adult with aggravated sexual assault and robbery.
brianne altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts, including several first-degree felonies.    one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with davis high school english teacher brianne . altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month. she was first arrested in october 2013 after a student reported having a relationship with her.
engineers have developed a human powered vehicle (hpv) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in nevada in september. it will be powered by paracyclist liz mcternan and will need to travel 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft stretch of road. the current benchmark is held by tracy miller who broke the record in 1995.
charles severance, 54, who has been charged with the murders of nancy dunning, ron kirby and ruthanne lodato, in virginia, was in court for a hearing on thursday.   his trial will be moved to fairfax county, a judge ruled, over fears for an impartial jury due to the hysteria surrounding the murders. severance's writing appeared to echo a biblical passage and included the words:'murder on my mind'    he was reprimanded by the judge for making an obscene gesture and holding up his middle finger at another court appearance.
sgt louise lucas, 41, was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter olivia in swansea, south wales. she was struck by a bus while trying to save her from being hit by the vehicle. police officers lined the roads in a guard of honour at her funeral at christ parish church in cardiff today. her husband gavin, 36, paid tribute to her and said she would remain in his heart forever and read a poem.
kim pappas, 25, charged with premeditated murder at ceva logistics in wyandotte, michigan. nobody at the office knew she was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle. baby boy died after being wrapped in plastic bag and put in her desk drawer.
brian cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in bangor, maine on thursday when he found the money. he alerted security at walmart and handed it over to the police department. the money belonged to ou chen, who lost the $4,000 as he cleared snow off his car last winter after leaving his job at a nearby restaurant. he told walmart about it but they could not find it.
eve stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her leyton home on the evening of 18 march 1975. glamour model was a playboy bunny who worked at london's playboy club. six months later, lynne weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway. both murders were linked in 2007 after matching dna was found on the victims. detectives have offered a £40,000 reward in a bid to track down the killer of both women.
the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists identified it. it is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kind. the first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the pacific ocean off the coast of peru.
a us air base near kabul and military outposts in nuristan were targeted in the opening five hours of the offensive. over 80 per cent of afghanistan is currently 'controlled' by the taliban. taliban militants opened the offensive with a failed rocket attack on a us base in bagram air base. the group announced the launch of operation azm, meaning 'determination', on wednesday. the offensive is expected to target government buildings and afghan security forces.
jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in central china. her mother, zheng jiayu, 31, left her at home on her own while she was out. the family has been left with a £100,000 medical bill and cannot afford it.
one direction star was seen rolling a'suspicious cigarette' in his hotel room on wednesday night. snapchat images appear to show louis, 23, in his room at london's soho hotel with female friends. he was partying with five girls after leaving cirque le soir nightclub in the early hours of thursday morning.
photographs of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about samsung's upcoming developer scheme. simply referred to as 'the next gear', images of the gadget's face were unveiled today. apple's smartwatch officially went on sale today, but none of its stores have it in stock. s samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, including the gear live and gear s.
andrew hichens, 28, is a 'tri-service safety officer' in hayle in western cornwall. father-of-two trained to respond to crimes, fires and medical emergencies. he does not have the power to make arrests and will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages. devon and cornwall police federation says new job is 'publicity stunt'
kim woodward, 34, is the first woman to be appointed head chef at the five-star grill in its 126-year history. masterchef semi-finalist has promised to continue the'masculine' traditions of the grill. she will head a team of 35 chefs, 40 per cent of whom are women.
students from zeta beta tau at both the university of florida and emory university have been accused of disrespecting the ex-servicemen during the warrior beach retreat in panama city on april 17. they are accused of spitting on veterans, shouting verbal abuse and urinating on the american flag. around 60 veterans from iraq and afghanistan attended the charity event. three members of the university chapter have been expelled from the fraternity and both chapters are under investigation.
newcastle is the most rat-infested place in the uk with 5 per cent of residents calling in pest inspectors last year. london borough of southwark has the most mice, cockroaches and bed bugs. more than 15,000 rat exterminations were reported in newcastle in 2013-14. residents of north lanarkshire in scotland were the most likely to report problems with wasps.
christien sechrist, a 20-year-old from houston, texas, had a portrait of his son perseus etched onto the left side of his face in july. he insists that he has no regrets about his facial ink, and that his son 'loves it'
lucy, 23, is face of sunkissed fake tan brand. called on her younger sister lydia, 19, to join her in the campaign. said it was'really lovely working together' as they don't get to see each other often. this is lucy's second campaign for the tanning brand.
hormone replacement therapy increases a woman's risk of breast cancer up to eight years after stopping treatment. women's health initiative in the us and the million women study in the uk both found strong evidence hrt increases risk of the disease. combined hrt users have double the risk of cancer compared to those who don't take the treatment.
remote community in aberdeenshire has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry. sleepy towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, a church and a graveyard. but local streams have been well known for grains of gold of'significant size' for decades. a significant deposit is believed by scientists to lie somewhere near towie.
a tornado touched down in florida on thursday afternoon. thunderstorms and tornadoes are predicted to take place in several states on friday and sunday. the weather channel predicts severe thunderstorms may strike several southern states and along the gulf coast on saturday. the news comes after snow hit several states earlier this week.
labour leader suggested deaths of refugees could have been avoided if prime minister had done more to stop crisis. said crisis was 'in part a direct result' of david cameron's intervention in libya to topple colonel gaddafi. tories demanded that mr miliband apologise for 'outrageous and disgraceful' remarks. prime minister accused of neglecting libya after helping to topple dictator.
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for around £200,000 at auction. but it needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn for 15 years. anonymous british car collector bought it for £739,212 - almost four times its estimated value. when fully restored, the car could be worth more than £1million.
robert o'neill will treat supporters of right-leaning for america non-profit to weekend shooting retreat in jackson hole, wyoming. he claims to have personally shot dead al qaeda leader bin laden in top-secret raid in 2011. guests were invited to a'machine gun fun' competition and stay at luxury resort hotel.
elizabeth 'elle' edmunds, 31, was charged with two counts of obtaining benefits by deception. she established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer in august 2014. it's alleged she used a falsified doctor's certificate to raise about $2500 from strangers.    she told belmont local court she was put up to the act by her violent partner john heagney, and did it because she feared for her life. she was issued a court notice this week for the offence.
george kirby and 91-year-old doreen luckie from eastbourne, east sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. george proposed on valentine's day and will marry for the third time on june 13. they have seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren. the pair will have a combined age of 195 years and 281 days.
barbara anne beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she died in her bedroom in greenville, south carolina, on january 2. the coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and prosecutors are considering charges against her caretakers.
african elephant nicknamed troublesome has been a regular visitor to etali safari lodge's pools for the past four years. the elephant has taken a liking to the pool and deck area at the south african resort. staff have tried to deter him from emptying out the splash pools but he loves the clear water. troublesome is a regular visitors to the madikwe game reserve and has been nicknamed.
christopher whitmore, 36, pulled up behind his wife melissa ball, 27, and their son grayden, 8, at a gas station in georgia. he killed his child before turning the gun on himself and then himself. police said whitmore and ball had a history of domestic issues and were separated.
the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. but chipotle plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates starting at $5 and up. chipotle has gone from strength to strength in recent years. two presidential candidates have been spotted in their restaurants.
holocaust survivor eva kor, 81, embraced former ss sergeant oskar groening, 93, 70 years after auschwitz was liberated. he is on trial charged with complicity in the murder of 300,000 jews at the concentration camp. she claims groening was so overwhelmed by her gesture that he fainted.
navinder singh sarao, 37, is facing extradition after allegedly causing wall street 'flash crash' in 2010. he is accused of making more than £26million using fraudulent trading technique. he was bailed with a surety of £5million but has failed to pay the money. magistrates' court says he will remain in jail for the weekend after failing to pay his bail. he allegedly made £550,000 in five minutes on the day of the wall street crash and faces 380-year sentence.
liam byrne, who was chief secretary to treasury under gordon brown, left note after labour's election defeat in 2010. memo said: 'dear chief secretary, i'm afraid that there is no money'   present chief secretary danny alexander apologises for late reply saying it was because he had been 'fixing the economy' ed balls sparked furious response from david cameron after dismissing note as a 'jokey note'
xie shisheng, who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner, was found in a small dark room by police. he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily. government authorities were tipped off about an illegal cotton mill in the city of qingyuan.
bahar mustafa, 27, is student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london. picture shows her posing in front of 'no white men' sign while pretending to cry. she told men and white people 'not to come' to a 'diversity' meeting at the university. miss mustafa is a 'queer, anti-racist feminist killjoy' and previously organised a 'bme only social'   she has been accused of discrimination after she was accused of 'patronising beyond belief'
the images were created by concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions.   mr brady has also given his take on how humans might get into orbit in the future on a variety of space planes.
benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist. the 35-year-old was one of three men arrested after naval officers stormed yacht 200 miles off ireland. he was jailed for eight years after admitting drug trafficking and importation. thomas britteon and john powell were also jailed for the same charges.
jet set candy's marry british royalty spinner charm comes in 14k gold vermeil and sterling silver and retails for $198 and $148, respectively. the travel-inspired jewelry brand's founder and designer nicole parker king launched the collection in 2014 after traveling on six continents and nearly 50 countries.
kerrie armitage, from leeds, suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria – an allergy to water. she was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters. mother-of-three, 28, has to stop kissing her husband peter, because saliva on his lips can trigger a flare-up. even hugging her children can trigger an episode, as their body heat makes her sweat.
in 15 years, travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on amazon. biometric scanning, sustainable hotels and ipad-controlled hotel rooms are just a few of the trends for the future of travel. airbus believes planes in 2050 will be made of panoramic windows and pop-up bars.
lincolnshire resort is famous for its giant butlin's holiday camp and sprawling caravan parks. joins picturesque places st ives and windermere in top ten league of towns for holiday property. it is number five among uk's holiday home hotspots, with 165,000 people in england and wales having holiday homes. billy butlin located his first holiday park at skegness in 1936.
sydney's dan churchill, 25, appeared on good morning america with hollywood starlet blake lively.    churchill was promoting his cook book 'dude food'   he admitted to the starlet that he crushes more on husband ryan reynolds. churchill is currently touring the us to promote his book.
australians have taken to social media to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landing. record numbers gathered at dawn services across the nation to pay tribute to the anzacs. proud aussies gathered in huge numbers in sydney, canberra and queensland's regional and coastal towns. social media has been flooded with images of anzac day services across australia.
lisa heath, 45, an assistant at willowtown community primary school, gwent, was found with white powder in her bag. she admitted carrying class b amphetamines after police were called to the school. initially denied the drugs were hers and said they had been planted on her. she has now been suspended from teaching after accepting a caution for possession.
labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. he has delivered key speeches stood behind the lectern during the election campaign. but it has also been used when he is just making brief remarks or holding events. mr miliband has hired a 'leadership consultancy' firm which coaches people to look 'authentic' and cope with anxiety.
'project elysium' claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed. the app is still under development and developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work. it could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers. the project has been entered into the upcoming oculus vr jam 2015 contest.
john elder and armin t. wegner both documented the suffering of armenians as they were deported by ottoman turks. they risked imprisonment to smuggle the images out and show the world the horror of the 'genocide'   the world marks the 100th anniversary of the massacre today. many western countries still deny the slaughter of up to 1.5million armenian people constituted genocide.
paul nungesser is suing columbia university for allowing emma sulkowicz to parade the school and take campus-provided transport with her mattress in protest against him. authorities rejected his case that he was a'serial rapist'   he claims the school presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website. the lawsuit cites 'gender-based harassment and defamation' against the school.
video features an australian pediatrician and an indian physiologist urging foreign doctors to travel to syria to help. video's poster shows a doctor wearing an nhs style blue surgical scrubs, almost identical to british healthcare service's. the islamic state health service (ishs) appears to be an unimaginative copy of the uk's free health system.
sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems, but research has shown it to be safe. pepsico said it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the u.s. after a decade of plummeting sales. aspartame will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener known as splenda.
a new species of frog has been found in brazil called hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers. males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes. the discovery was made by researchers in the atlantic forest of serra do japi in the state of são paulo, brazil. the males build these secret chambers to avoid predators and cover up the eggs to protect them.
former state district judge g. todd baugh has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association. baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old cherice moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by teacher stacey rambold. at former teacher's sentencing, baugh said that moralez was 'as much in control of the situation'   baugh sentenced former teacher  to just one month in prison in the case. he was also censured by the montana supreme court for his comments and suspended from the bench for 31 days.
new york mets closer jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol. the 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least july. he is on the disabled list with an inflamed elbow.
deputy kerry kempink from pasco county sheriff's office reported it has received death threats since footage emerged. he was responding to a burglar alarm call when he was confronted by two rottweilers. he shot one and turned his gun on the other as the owner begged him to kill the dog. the dog's owner told the officer 'they're not even vicious'   sheriff chris nocco has defended his deputy's actions claiming he acted in self-defense.
jenna marotta, 27, of new york, says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became'self-sabotaging' at first. she accidentally went ten days without touching her pores when she forgot to pack her tweezers for a trip. jenna suffers from dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding.
an openly-gay high school junior, anthony martinez, was trying to find a prom date for his may 2 dance in nevada. his straight guy pal, jacob lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot. he came up with a promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of 'likes' and retweets online.
surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of kate sullivan at chase branches in commack and freeport on september 23, 2014. state police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in her name in new haven, connecticut. the 50-year-old, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at memorial sloan kettering cancer center in new york. she died five days later.
daniela d'addario, 35, was found dead in the boot of her car in bermagui, nsw on wednesday night. a 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder. the man was arrested after fleeing from police when they stopped his car. he has been extradited from nsw to the act and was charged with murder. daniela had been in a'very tumultuous relationship' with josaia 'joey' vosikata, 27, for about four months. she found out a month ago that he has a wife and children back in fiji.
up to 30 people have now reportedly told police they were abused by lord janner. director of public prosecutions alison saunders has dared critics to challenge her in court over decision not to charge him.    she said she is not afraid to see the controversial move tested by a high court judge.
champion racing driver lewis hamilton sprayed champagne into the face of a hostess after winning the chinese grand prix on sunday. leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate' and said he should apologise. he has sprayed hostess in the face after winning other races including the spanish and austrian grand prix.
ashley x was caught on camera driving his honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of the m11 in essex in 2009. driver tried to convince authorities that his cousin was driving the car at the time of the offence. he tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts before admitting perjury and perverting the course of justice. the driver is named ashley x after changing his surname by deed poll.
randy and jodi speidel, from bellefontaine, ohio, created online fundraisers begging for financial help in late february. they wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and cut down their food intake to one meal a day. more than two months later, the couple was found dead from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning. the couple's landlord found two charcoal grills filled with smoldering coals in their bedroom.
transport for london has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport. one in ten londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on the underground. 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported, according to tlc. video shows a female commuter being groped by a man on a train carriage.
former model bianca gascoigne, 28, was targeted by a gang of eight on bikes in marylebone, central london. the gang took her phone which was reportedly full of private texts from her father paul. miss gascoigne branded her muggers 'lowlifes on bikes' after the attack on tuesday afternoon. she was talking on her mobile phone as she was walking in the street when she was targeted.
scottish first minister suggested david cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the snp by gaining the party greater publicity. snp leader nicola sturgeon said she would put ed miliband into downing street even if labour wins 40 fewer seats in a hung parliament.
ukip leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders' during early weeks of election campaign. but he insists he is now 'back on form' and has cut his working day to 14 hours. mr farage revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury. he has been receiving private hospital treatment in london and has been prescribed sleeping drug.
death certificate detailing fatal injuries was signed by 24-year-old's parents marion and john. miss buckley vanished after a night out in glasgow, sparking a four-day police search. former private schoolboy alexander pacteau, 21, appeared at court today charged with her murder. he made no plea and was remanded in custody. miss buckley's remains were uncovered at high craigton farm, east dunbartonshire.
riana miyamoto, 20, was crowned miss japan last month, but has faced racial abuse growing up. she was born and raised in japan and was the only black girl in her class. ariana's father is african-american and her mother is japanese. some critics of her win have complained she is a mixed race 'hafu'   the beauty queen says she is 'japanese through and through' and apologises for her appearance. she will represent japan at miss universe.
james webster, 35, used hidden camera to film up women's skirts at lidl in maidenhead, berkshire. he was caught after a fellow shopper spotted him filming up the skirts of a woman. webster admitted outraging public decency and was handed a three year community order. but he was spared jail after magistrates ordered him to take part in a sexual offences treatment programme.
cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through battery park city at 6am on saturday. officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars. for two hours it evaded capture and was chased 'like a suspect' they managed to corner it at merchants river house and shot it with a tranquilizer dart. it was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the aspca.
lord fellowes, 65, has revealed he is to turn anthony trollope's 1858 novel doctor thorne into a new tv drama. tv critics want hugh bonneville and lily james to star in the new three-part drama for itv. tv insiders say they would be ideal as thomas thorne and mary in the adaptation.
peter gale, 47, was dismissed by nonsuch high school for girls in surrey for 'unprofessional and inappropriate conduct'    investigation by mail on sunday has revealed it was a series of 'informal' emails to a sixth form pupil over a period of months. school rules forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts. but national union of teachers appeared to play down the seriousness of his conduct.
from the indiana 'ghost cane' to the 'chair of death' and 'conjure chest' are some of the world's most haunted pieces of furniture.    four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in a 200-year-old chair of death in philadelphia. a mirror said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a slave master in louisiana.
shoccara marcus returned to her georgia childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011. a dancer since she was four years old, she has been working on choreographing my past, a photo series, for more than a year.   she expresses her feelings of isolation as she copes with her family remembering her as the child she used to be while refusing to accept the woman she has become.
gareth huw davies visits gran canaria, said to have the best climate in the world. the island is just four hours from the uk and is a popular winter holiday destination for britons. the three-mile-long las canteras is a must-see for sun worshippers.
alison saunders, 54, was director of public prosecutions when lord janner was a top qc at 1 garden court chambers. she trained at the same legal firm where he practised from the mid-1950s until 1986.    she secured her pupillage - a barrister’s training contract - at london firm in 1983. but cps insists the pair have never met and insists dementia is not a bar to prosecution. janner, 86, was let off charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia.
dale cregan reportedly transferred from category a prison to ashworth hospital in maghull, merseyside. 31-year-old was moved after going on hunger strike at hmp manchester, formerly strangeways. he was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012. sources reportedly claimed that police killer was 'playing the system' after being moved to solitary confinement.   brady was sent to the secure psychiatric hospital over 30 years ago and was sentenced to life in 1966. together with myra hindley, he tortured and murdered five children in greater manchester.
may pat christie, 51, a managing director at new york city finance firm angelo gordon & co, quit her $475,000-a-year job. official reason was 'to spend more time with her family and young children' but move is likely a precursor to her husband's presidential bid. christie is new jersey governor and often seen on the campaign trail with his wife.
michael foster was appearing at a public hustings in the camborne and redruth constituency. labour candidate said not many people in cornwall would be hit by ed miliband's mansion tax. but rival candidate loveday jenkin pointed out he lived in a £1.5 million home. she claims michael foster turned to her and said 'you c***' and threatened to 'destroy' her. mr foster is running in the same mebyon kernow constituency for the labour party.
actor was promoting his new film avengers: age of ultron. was asked what he thought of mexican director alejandro gonzalez inarritu's claim that superhero movies were 'cultural genocide'   it comes just three days after the 50-year-old walked out of an interview with britain's channel 4 after interviewer talked about his history of drug abuse.
actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their lake como mansion. party is a belated celebration of mrs clooney's 37th birthday in february. matt damon and brad pitt are rumoured to have been invited to the three-day party. strict security rules are in place ahead of the event. anyone caught loitering outside the couple's home will face fines of up to 500 euros.
packages containing heroin and cannabis were cleared from roof of hmp altcourse in liverpool. 22 phones, three sim cards and six chargers also recovered from the jail's 60ft roof. internal document reveals extent of drug use at privately-run jail. warders say drugs were thrown from the outside by friends of inmates.
volcano calbuco, in southern chile, erupted forcing 1,500 residents from ensenada, 10 miles away, to flee their homes. the 6,500-foot-high volcano has been dormant since 1972. the hiker was casually filming a serene forest when a volcano erupted before his eyes.
tony mccoy finished third in his 17,630th race at sandown park on his final two rides. the 40-year-old jockey has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years. he has ridden in more than 17,000 races and won more than 4,300 winners. 18,000 people packed the track to see the racing legend finish third in the final race. he was presented with the champion jockey trophy by former arsenal player ian wright.
marco evaristti poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir natural hot spring in iceland. he has been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his actions as 'vandalism'    he defended his artwork, saying nature belonged to 'no one' and did not seek permission from local authorities.
business secretary vince cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the conservatives again. he wants to replace george osborne as chancellor and wants to remain in a government led by cameron. cable said the prime minister and the chancellor were 'highly intelligent guys' and added that they 'don't snarl at each other'
kevin coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass to emulate kylie jenner's bee-stung pout. but the schoolboy was left with dark bruising around his chin and mouth for three days. he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze.
former blair ally charles dunstone is now supporting the conservative party in the election. ten years ago, he signed a letter backing labour in the 2005 election. he is now backing the conservatives for this one. dunstone says the labour party views business as the problem, rather than the engine of the economy.
panel will look at whether 'adjustments' made to temperature records around the world have made climate change appear worse. the global warming policy foundation is a think-tank led by former tory chancellor lord lawson. will focus on thousands of individual weather stations and 'extrapolations' of records.
qatar's ruling family have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the uk. they now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million. the sovereign wealth fund snapped up canary wharf for £2.6billion last week. gulf state's rulers converted three prime properties on cornwall terrace into a huge mansion worth £200million.
bloomfield worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and derby county commentator. died at a hospice in shrewsbury yesterday morning after battle with skin cancer. one direction star niall horan led the tributes to the 'perfect colleague' and 'consummate professional'   bloomfield lost his battle with cancer after it spread around his body from a cancerous mole.
comedian and travel writer joined up with team abu dhabi ocean racing for the world yacht race in brazil. the 47-year-old jumped off the yacht during the start of the sixth leg of the volvo ocean race. he was trained in diving by olympic medallist tom daley for tv show splash!
the game dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s. two-up is legal only on anzac day and is considered a form of gambling. as aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at gallipoli, thousands of men and women played the coin game in pubs and clubs.
new tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness. women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning. test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent. the majority of women who have breast cancer are routinely given the gruelling drug treatment.
the espn reporter was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game. 29-year-old was suspended for a week after being filmed attacking a single mother-of-three at a towing firm.   mchenry's car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia. she was filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle for her looks and social status.
comedian jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours. she stayed in a nine-strong crew of wannabe artists and keen cooks. jenny stayed at the villa bianchi in treviso, just outside venice.
the 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina's estate according to a saturday report. bobbi's grandmother cissy houston said that her granddaughter is not awake but is 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' but is not expected to ever fully recover. bobby, shocked fans on saturday by claiming that 'bobbi is awake' during a dallas concert. the 22- year-old was found unconscious on january 31 at emory university hospital.
the rogue european eagle owl has been terrorising the dutch town of noordeinde for months and is believed to be behind a spate of attacks. the bird of prey spent around one minute perched on the head of a birdwatcher after launching from the roof of a nearby house. the rogue bird has been believed to be behind attacks on people in the northern netherlands town.
some 90 per cent of patients were not given correct treatment to prevent blood poisoning on a surgical ward at edinburgh royal infirmary, nhs study reveals. sepsis affects more than 100,000 britons a year and kills 37,000. royal college of surgeons of edinburgh is calling for nationwide tracking of the protocol.
mull-cloth nappies are very popular in switzerland but have yet to catch on in the uk. pippa middleton is said to have been buying up the biodegradable cloths in geneva. they cost £4 each and are made from natural fibres. the duchess is expected to give birth imminently.
pages, written in arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site. they are advertising travel to europe for around $1,000 per person. it comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone. facebook has reportedly said it has removed the pages.
dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington, d.c. she said the mother yelled at the president and asked him why it was her son in the hospital bed. bush 'just stood and took it' when the woman's husband tried to calm her. bush's regular visits to the hospital were usually filled with joy, but this was one of the exceptions.
elizabeth elena laguna salgado, 26, from chiapas, mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in provo, utah, april 16. she moved to provo only a month ago to study english. there is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody for more than a week. the woman's father and elizabeth smart have joined the effort to find the missing woman. salgado's cellphone has been turned off and there has been no activity on her credit cards. she had just finished a mormon mission in mexican.
three eight-week old labradors were found inside of a sealed cardboard box on april 18 were found near a tennessee goodwill donation site. the three puppies were found covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion . the puppies have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage. the dogs were found without any food or water inside of the box where temperatures were reportedly over 100 degrees.
paul mason, 54, from ipswich, suffolk, tipped the scales at 70st but has lost 46st in five years. the former postman had gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but nhs refused to remove his 7st of excess skin. he wanted the surgery done for free but health service bosses said he needed to prove he could keep the weight off. the brit moved to the usa last year to live with his fiance, rebecca mountain, 41.
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group. it has been circulating on mother's groups in australia. professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment. he said it has harmful consequences for women who have c-sections.
john pat cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the army in a field in benburb, co armagh, in june 1974. dennis hutchings, 73, has been charged with attempted murder and released on bail. mr cunningham was running away from an army patrol when he was killed. the investigation into the shooting was reopened in march this year by police in northern ireland.
sir richard branson converted the old chapel in shipton-on-cherwell, oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s. he brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his virgin recording business. at the time he converted the property, branson had a recording studio in an old manor house. the four-bedroom home is now on the market for £599,000. in 1725, john wesley gave his first sermon in the village where the chapel is.
zeta beta tau fraternity members from the university of florida and emory university have been accused of disrespecting disabled veterans at the warrior beach retreat in panama beach city. the frat members were accused of spitting on veterans, shouting verbal abuse and urinating on the american flag. three members of the fraternity have been expelled and charged with obscene behavior. a wounded veteran said he and his dog were spat on by the students during the charity event.
gary lincoln, 48, was working in a house in cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade of an angle cutter. his hand was severed at the wrist and he put it in his sleeve 'to hold everything together'   he was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours. mr lincoln is carrying out light duties at his workshop just weeks after he severed his hand.
ed miliband has hired a leadership coaching firm to help him convince voters he can be prime minister. extendedmind claims to help people overcome anxiety and find their 'inner voice'   labour leader has consistently lagged behind prime minister david cameron in the personal rating polls. mr miliband already employs a former adviser to barack obama.
macau has 26 casinos, including the world’s largest in the world, the venetian. the island has a blend of portuguese and chinese culture and is home to the world's highest bungee jump. lord stow's bakery is the home of the portugal egg custard tart.
william kerr absconded from bail hostel in hull after he was released on licence in january. 53-year-old was jailed in 1998 for the murder of maureen comfort and put her body in a cupboard. he was apprehended in the street in waterloo, south london, after three weeks on the run. kerr was jailed for life for murder at leeds crown court alongside christopher moody.
pauline mckee thought she won $41million jackpot at the isle hotel casino in waterloo, iowa in 2011. the state supreme court ruled she only won $1.85 because of a software error. the casino did not have to pay mckee because the rules of the'miss kitty' game stated that the maximum award was $10,000.
snp leader has denied her sister's claims she used to shave the heads off her barbie dolls. gillian owens said snp leader cut the hair off her sindy doll for 'fun' as a child. the politician has poked fun at the claims on twitter. the accusations sparked a twitter trend with users sharing mocking images of beheaded dolls.
channel 4's indian summers star olivia grant headed to phuket in thailand before the start of filming the second series. she stayed at the luxurious sri panwa resort and did yoga at the infinity pool. the red-light district of patong beach is the place to be if you want to be 'zen'
more than a dozen australians are reported missing after the devastating earthquake in nepal. around 549 aussies are registered as travelling in the himalayan region. actor hugh sheridan has made a plea on social media to ask for prayers for his brother. ballantyne forder, 20, is safe after making contact with her family. more than 1800 people have died and more than 200 are confirmed safe.
east lancashire railway’s 1940s weekend is a highlight of the late may bank holiday weekend. head to the cotswolds olimpicks and explore the isle of wight's beauty spots. the norfolk & norwich festival is the largest multi-arts festival in england. brighton fringe and brighton festival are the world's third-largest fringe festivals.
the seven year switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and sleep with a new significant other. the show is named after the 1955 broadway show the seven year itch. the series is set to premiere this summer and is based on the idea that spouses become restless after seven years of marriage.
navinder sarao, 36, made the claim in an email to business colleagues in october last year. us prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the so-called 'flash crash' of wall street on may 6, 2010. he was arrested last week and bailed with a surety of £5 million.
eagles palace hotel is a family hotel 90 minutes' drive from thessaloniki in north-eastern greece. the hotel's watersports are not cheap - but it's a great place for a family holiday. the area is known for its panoply of monasteries and royal palaces.
police officers spotted the replica of the car used in the back to the future films on the motorway between stoke-on-trent and crewe. officers joked that the car had a 'leaky flux capacitor' from the movie. the car was pulled over on suspicion of attempting to go back in time.
dontrell stephens was shot by palm beach county sheriff's office deputy adam lin in september of 2013. the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after he was shot. video was released as part of a lawsuit against the florida police office. stephens had a cellphone in his hand and was shot four times by deputy lin. the shooting was ruled to be justified.
adam barker served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012. he is equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work. company made £501,319 profit in the year to last june and has assets of £1.2million. barker's sister charlotte, 53, and brother laurence, 46, will share more than £500,000 in royalties.
jay liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200c inferno at block of flats in prestatyn, north wales. his tenant lee-anna shiers, 20, her partner liam timbrell, 23, baby charlie, 15 months, and niece skye, two, were killed. jobless alcoholic melanie smith, 45, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
man was jailed for life at derby crown court after he 'took his daughter's life' through sexual abuse. he raped her repeatedly from when she was just 10 and impregnated her as a teenager. the man had 'poisoned' the girl against her mother before impregnating her. he was sentenced to life imprisonment after being convicted of rape at the court. his daughter cried out 'i love you' as he was led away from the dock.
luis andres cuyun, 30, was director of a jail for young gang members in guatemala city when he was killed on friday. two suspected mara salvatrucha members opened fire on him and his driver in a car on his way to work.   salvadoran juan carlos medina luna, 29, and guatemalan mario alfonso aguilar, 18, were arrested after a police chase. medina said he carried out the hit on the orders of a man named 'el travieso'    medina told authorities he had come to the country specifically to kill the director as'revenge
chip shop worker jeannie flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a fulham cafe as bricks fell on top of her. she was in a state of sheer panic as she heard passers-by screaming 'get her out'   she was walking to her gps when a man told her to walk around a one-foot hole in the pavement. ms flynn was taken to a hospital and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising.
charter charanjeet kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess. the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old. the duchess is expected to go into labour any day now.
the sniper rifle was stolen sometime overnight from the parking lot of marriott springhill suites, where the fbi agent was staying. the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe. the agent's gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen. the theft happened just a week before president obama visited utah earlier this month.
brynn johnson lost her 17-month-old daughter rowyn in september last year after cassie miller accidentally ran over the little girl with her car. cassie was picking up brynn's younger daughter from preschool when she was killed. the two women now run a charity initiative called raise for rowyn to help other families who have experienced a child tragedy.
eva chapin, 34, from west linn, oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes. the qualified nurse referred to the residents as 'n*****' but wrote: 'i am not racist'   one of the notes read: 'apes were never meant to drive so stop' she was charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment.
one man arrested on suspicion of criminal damage after smashing the front window of foxtons in brixton, south london. 'no evictions' and 'yuppies' spray painted on estate agent's housing advertisements. thousands of people turned up for 'wholly peaceful' protest against rising house prices. reclaim brixton group denounced the violent actions of 'one idiot' but said foxons has a reputation for being 'continuously targeted' by protesters. police used cs spray to disperse group of protesters who forced their way into brixton town hall.
andreas christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro, cornwall. nicole phillips, 45, has been charged with perverting the course of justice over the attack. her husband david phillip, 48, already charged with grievous bodily harm with intent. father-of-one suffered a loss of vision and facial scars after the attack in december.
the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. governor david ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill. 5,600 kids in hawaii try smoking each year and 90 percent of daily smokers begin the habit before age 19. bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders.
dr adrian quarterman, of dundee university, is working on a laser which could convert sun beams into energy. he says it could be used to power homes in the future - but says it is not powerful enough to be used as a weapon. however, he hasn't ruled out the possibility of using them for weapons.
mohammad ali akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding robber at premier stores in flixton, manchester. the man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till. the father-of-three was stabbed in the ear and hand and had to have 14 stitches in his ear. he revealed he thought he was going to die in the 40-second assault and tackled the raider. the robber managed to flee empty-handed after the brave shopkeeper tackled him to the floor.
the mistley thorn has been around for ten years and revels in an understated luxury. built as a coaching inn in 1723, the hotel is a two-minute walk from mistley station. mersea oysters are available year-round at the hotel.
valdosta state university in south georgia has closed down for the day ahead of a rally in support of flag supporters. air force veteran and former playboy model michelle manhart, 38, refused to return an american flag to student demonstrators who walked on it to protest racism. police found a handgun in a backpack at the university and issued a warrant for the arrest of eric sheppard, who was part of the flag-walking demonstration. manhart was banned from campus after she refused to release the flag.
david cameron will say the conservative party will one day be the party of the first black or asian prime minister. he will set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to woo ethnic minority voters. claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of culture secretary sajid javid.
simon wood, 38, battled it out against emma spitzer and tony rodd. they were challenged to cook judges john torode and gregg wallace a three-course meal in three hours. mr wood, a data manager from manchester, has been a chef since he was eight. kim woodward is the first woman to be appointed head chef at the savoy grill.
sabeen mahmud's sandals remain in the footwell of her car, where she was gunned down on friday night. two men on a motorcycle pulled up next to her car at a traffic light and opened fire. mahmud and her mother, mehnaz mahmud, were both killed in the attack. police have refused to speculate on a motive for the killing. the prime minister nawaz sharif has condemned the murder.
bruce jenner, 65, won olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976. since then, the former playgirl cover hunk has undergone numerous cosmetic procedures. he confirmed to diane sawyer that he was already looking to transition from a man to a woman in the mid-1980s.
manchester university in indiana was on lockdown late friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building. police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university and was armed with a shotgun. manchester university advised students to shelter in place as police and a bomb squad responded to the scene. indiana state police and the bomb squad investigated the incident, though left after deciding it should be investigated as a likely prank call.
boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the honeybee. their aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like a bee. the artificial brain is being created by the green brain project at the universities of sheffield and sussex. scientists have only managed to clone the part of the bee's brain which allows it to see.
judge maria cristina barrionuevo ruled the number plate was deliberately 'provoking people'    bbc claimed it was an 'unhappy coincidence' but top gear producers removed the plate and replaced it with another. clarkson and his colleagues fled argentina last year after convoy was attacked by falklands war veterans.   they were accused of deliberately inciting conflict with the plate, which read h982 fkl.
starbucks announced late friday night that a computer outage that affected registers at 8,000 stores in the us and canada has now been resolved. the global coffeehouse chain said stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' saturday. starbucks says a sales register computer glitch affected sales at company-operated stores. the company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 of its stores and 1,000 in canada. many starbucks locations closed their doors so as not to give away free drinks during the shutdown.
gary field was seen at a ukip event in south thanet awaiting the arrival of leader nigel farage. mr field is a former regional organiser of the english defence league and has a criminal record for assault. he was with a group of far-right supporters waiting for mr farage at an event.    he was led by  east kent english patriots and drank beers behind a cordon as he waited for farage to arrive.
propaganda video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself 'abu yusuf'   he calls on foreign doctors to travel to syria to help launch the islamic state health service. the vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group. it shows a doctor wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope. the doctor urges foreign muslims with medical training to join the new medical initiative.
aaron kaufman is the former chief technology officer of blue shield, a health insurance firm. he is accused of spending $100,000 on vacations, hotel stays and nights out with tara reid. company claims he ran up a $1,382 bar tab at the warwick nightclub in hollywood. also accused of posting 'inappropriate' pictures of reid at a bowling alley to social media. blue shield claimed that fellow workers were 'embarrassed' by the images.
painting depicts snp leader nicola sturgeon as a dominatrix in a short red dress, black suspenders and whip in hand. but instead of being offended, she is 'tickled' by the image. it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband, peter murrell. he is credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman.
lindsay sandiford, 58, from cheltenham, believes she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs. her friend andrew chan is expected to be put to death on kerobokan prison on tuesday. she has told friends she 'wants to get it over with'   she was arrested trying to smuggle £1.6million worth of cocaine from bangkok to bali in 2012.
more than 10,000 australians and new zealanders have gathered at the anzac commemorative site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody gallipoli landings. australian prime minister tony abbott, his new zealand counterpart john key, prince charles and prince harry are among those in attendance. defence force chief mark binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the anzacs were confronted with.
brigadier general hassan abbas toufan was commander of the iraqi first division. a colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in the western province of anbar. suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire. the country's army is embroiled in a fierce battle to reconquer the western anbar province.
geoff whitington, 63, from ashford, kent, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes. he had been told he may need a leg amputated. his sons anthony and ian helped the father-of-four shed six stone and overhauled his health. doctors say he is no longer diabetic – and he is off medication.
brian williams was suspended by nbc in february amid allegations he misrepresented his reporting experiences in war zones. nbc's committee investigating allegations are looking at a 2011 interview he gave about reporting in egypt. anchor said he caught the eye of a mounted government soldier before violence at cairo's tahrir square made the situation 'turn sour' but there is no footage of him on the square at the time. he was suspended amid allegations that he lied about being in a helicopter shot down in iraq in 2003.
researchers say global maker of payment devices has been using default password since at least 1990. 166816 is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers on payment devices. researchers said the default password is used by a global maker of cash registers.   company, verifone, connects around 27 million payment devices around the world.
the latest video from the elders react series shows a group of senior citizens learning about the popular photo messaging app snapchat for the first time. many of the men and women have no idea what snapchat is and how to use it. they are given cell phones to learn how to take a selfie and caption their own pictures.
former prime minister said snp leader nicola sturgeon's answers on the issue are 'all evasion'    he warned that her party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at westminster to force another independence referendum. he urged 'patriotic scots' to vote labour to end the bedroom tax and food bank poverty.
hannah wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on friday and her body was found in a rural area of needmore, indiana. daniel messel, 49, of bloomington, was arrested in connection to the case and faces a preliminary murder charge. coroner said she was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object. wilson was a senior studying psychology at the university and was a member of the gamma phi beta sorority. she went missing on the same night as the little 500, an annual bicycle race on campus.
isidro garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl. the girl was brought from mexico in 2004 to live with her mother in santa ana, california. garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived with her for a decade. he has pleaded not guilty to the charges. the case came to light last year when the girl went to a police station to report a domestic violence incident.
the nine-gram robots were built by mechanical engineers at stanford university in california. they can haul more than a kilogram up a wall and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier. they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites. geckos have small hairs on their feet to enable them to climb walls without falling off.
sergio gomez has been excavating a tunnel beneath a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan, mexico, for six years. he found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a tunnel sealed off for more than 1,800 years. gomez hopes that it will lead him to the tomb of the city's king. he is unsure as to why the mercury was in the tunnel, but believes it could have a supernatural significance for ritual ends.
gulf state's constellation hotels bought 64 per cent stake in hotel company coroin from billionaire brothers barclay. it owns claridge's, berkeley and the connaught hotels and other luxury hotels in london. qatar's investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city's landmark buildings including harrods and canary wharf. the country's royal family owns more of london than the crown estate and is planning a british palace.
susie clark, of evening shade, arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field at crater of diamonds state park. clark first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother. she prayed to god as she searched the field and claimed her prayer helped her find the gem. she named the diamond the hallelujah diamond. it is the largest diamond of the 122 found in the park this year.
the queen placed 302nd on the sunday times rich list with a wealth of £340m, compared with 285th last year. she is outside of the top 300 richest people in britain for the first time. len blavatnik topped the list with his personal fortune of £13.2bn. the wealthiest 1,000 people in the uk are collectively worth £547billion, up from £258bn in 2009.
amanda goff is a former journalist and mother of two who works as a high-class escort. she revealed her identity as samantha x on national television. the 40-year-old mother-of-two wrote a book about her experience as an escort. ms goff said she received 'a torrent of abuse from the thinly pursed lips of 'better' mothers'   she said her harshest critics were other mothers who expected her children to 'endure a life of misery' because of her profession. she claims her job as a sex worker, is more ethical than her former career as a journalist.
gable tostee, 29, was sentenced to 10 months behind bars for dangerous driving charges. accused balcony murderer was four times over the legal limit for drink driving. he was on bail for the alleged murder of new zealand woman warriena tagpuno wright. judge dismissed his appeal for early release after he was found to be 'drunken'    he was involved in a high speed police chase with police across state borders as he drove home to the gold coast from a nsw music festival.   ms wright, 26, fell to her death from the 14th floor of his surfers paradise apartment in august last year.
a woman had to be rescued from her car which had become trapped in flood waters following saturday afternoon's severe storms. seven buildings collapsed in western sydney after the storm. two factories at huntingwood have collapsed due to the weather. the bureau of meteorology issued a severe weather warning for parts of new south wales at 4pm. the storm travelled east from the blue mountains and hit sydneys east and west. streets and backyards were transformed into snowfields after the storms.
patient is being treated at the royal victoria hospital, belfast. public health agency confirmed the person had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease. patient is being tested for a number of diseases including rabies. animal career lisa mcmurray died at the same hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies .
sbs football reporter and presenter scott mcintyre condemned the commemoration of anzac day and accused the diggers of committing war crimes. the comments were made on the day of the centenary services. the tweets were met with disgust by social media users who called for him to be sacked. minister for communications malcolm turnbull also chimed into the discussion.
latasha gosling, 27,  and her two daughters, janyaa, 4, and jenika, 8, and her son landen, 7, were murdered by her partner steve o’shaughnessy, 23, on wednesday. steve sent photos of the bodies to the children's father, jason goslings, the day before his birthday. latasha's six-month-old baby daughter was found alive and unharmed after the murder-suicide.
alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge in the western state of michoacan ruled in favor of a houston woman named dorotea garcia who believed she was her daughter. she was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday after dna testing in the united states showed she was not the long-lost daughter of garcia. alondra was taken from texas by her father in 2007.
the anthem of the seas is royal caribbean's second quantum-class liner. it is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer. the giant vessel has a bionic bar with robotic bartenders who mix and serve cocktails. there's also a roller disco, roller disco and circus school on board.
architect and photographer yener torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of the changing city of istanbul. the 32-year-old photographer has lived in the turkish city for 14 years and documents his work to his instagram page. he captures the colourful, minimalistic buildings that add a splash of colour to the city. yener has more than 50,000 followers on instagram.
the los angeles angels of anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for josh hamilton to play in texas. hamilton has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in february. he filed for divorce from wife katie hamilton and is recovering from shoulder surgery. the 33-year-old was an all star during a five-year span with the texas rangers from 2008 until 2012. the angels would have to agree to pay out the bulk of the cash remaining on his contract to send him back to his former team. he still has about $83million left on his $125million contract with los angel
surfer is in a critical condition after being attacked by a great white shark at fishery bay, south australia. a 26-year-old man was airlifted to adelaide for further treatment after being bitten by a shark. the man has been identified as chris blowes. the shark victim was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries. witnesses said the six-metre shark was seen swimming away with the man's leg and a surfboard in its jaw.
ron ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in a storm on thanksgiving. his boat ran aground on rocks near hawaii's lanai island and he was rescued in december. as of friday he is missing again - his second major rescue at sea in less than six months. ingraham was rescued after his boat got lost at sea for 12 days.
melissa klein and her husband aaron refused to make sweet cakes by melissa a wedding cake for rachel bowman-cryer and her wife laurel in june 2013. they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons and said that they suffered emotional distress. the couple filed a civil rights lawsuit and said they had received death threats. the kleins closed their bakery in 2013 amid attention to the case and say they are in dire financial straits. an administrative law judge said on friday that the couple discriminated against the couple and caused them emotional suffering. the bakery was found guilty of discrimination earlier this year and must pay up to $150,000. the family raised more than
xie xu met his 19-year-old classmate zhang chi when the pair began attending school together at daxu high school in china. zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle. xie carries his friend around the school's campus each day to make sure he gets to all his classes.
lynch is serving nine years in bedford prison for a series of violent gang robberies. according to a former friend, he is using facebook to make huge profits from websites selling legal highs. use of computers, social media and mobile phones is strictly forbidden behind bars. lynch, 34, is in constant communication with more than 400 'friends' on facebook.
fred pagan, office manager and personal assistant to sen. thad cochran (r-ms), charged with trafficking drugs from china. police seized 181.5 grams of meth and date rape drug gbl from his home. pagan was paid $160,000 in his senate role last year. he has been charged with possession and intent to distribute methamphetamine.
royal caribbean's splendour of the seas will be transformed by thomson next summer. the mid-size cruise ship is sailing away from rci to be launched under a new name. many classic cruise ships are reinvented and relaunched, sometimes several times over.
tracey woodford, 47, is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd on tuesday night. her body was discovered with'massive injuries' at a flat in wales on friday afternoon. a 50-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder after police found body. ms woodford was last seen at skinny dog pub in rhydyfelin, south wales, on april 21. man named locally as christopher may, 50, has been arrested and police have been given extra 36 hours to question him.
20-bed surgical unit at st mary's hospital, london, has not accepted new patients for more than a week. eight patients found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or cpe. antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in bloodstream and urine. duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the exclusive lindo wing of the hospital.
calvin harris, 31, has amassed a fortune of £70 million since bursting onto the scene eight years ago. last year alone he earned £45 million. he is the 21st most powerful celebrity on forbes magazine’s celebrity 100. he decided early in his career to eschew personal publicity. in 2008 he stormed the stage of x factor to protest the show's obsession with fame.
since march coca-cola has switched all the lids on 500ml diet coke bottles to red. soft drink company wants to make all four variants 'together under one brand'   fans have taken to twitter to express their concerns about the changes. coke zero, coke life and reduced sugar versions also have red tops.
labour leader accused of trying to make political capital from mediterranean tragedy. ed miliband claimed mediterranean crisis was 'in part a direct result' of pm's libya policy. senior conservatives said miliband was effectively 'accusing the prime minister of murder'   former defence secretary liam fox said labour leader was trying to 'weaponise drowning migrants'
the prime minister later admitted he'd suffered a 'brain fade' during election campaign address in croydon. he urged audience to support west ham - though he's always claimed to be a villa fan. the pm has been a fan since his teens and has a son who supports crystal palace. only last week he tweeted his delight at villa reaching the fa cup final.
royals pitcher yordano ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter edinson volquez was given five games and outfielder lorenzo cain and reliever kelvin herrera were suspended for two games. chicago white sox pitchers chris sale and jeff samardzija were suspended five games each for their roles in the brawl. the royals and chicago both lost saturday without playing a game.
sebastiano quagliata and his wife, valbona lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of craig sytsma of livonia, michigan. he was attacked by two cane corsos last july in metamora township, 45 miles northwest of detroit. the father-of-three was bitten eight times by two hundred-pound dogs and was'screaming and begging' for help . the two were facing a second-degree murder charge and could be deported after serving their sentences.
cosmopolitan editor bronwyn mccahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate belle gibson before presenting her with the fun fearless female award last year. but she says the whole pantry founder won't be taken off the magazine. 'we would never have awarded her'  'she needs now to get help and move through this'
grace mann, 20, was found choked to death in her rented home in virginia last week. university of mary washington student was found with plastic bag stuffed down her throat. steven vander briel, 30, has been charged with first degree murder in her death. her parents, judge thomas mann and his wife melissa, paid tribute to their daughter. mann was described as a compassionate and principled young woman who wanted the world to be 'a safe place'
leslie roy, 52, and lee marie wright, 56, had been visiting relatives in ishpeming, michigan, when on april 11 their ford explorer got trapped in snow on a remote road. they survived by rationing eight boxes of girl scout cookies, a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow. state police discovered them friday in a remote part of the upper peninsula after a helicopter spotted a reflection off the vehicle. roy and wright had been missing for nearly two weeks.
a new jersey father has claimed as part of a custody battle that his ex-wife 'abused her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to pink's december 2013 concert at the prudential center in newark. the girl's parents are divorced, and her father said he disagreed with the'sexually suggestive' nature of some of pink's performances. a judge ruled that while the singer's works can be suggestive, they are preteen-appropriate.
a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from since the avalanche. at least 1,341 people have died after the powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in nepal. the avalanche buried part of base camp and is believed to have killed 18 people.
bruce jenner, 65, told interviewer diane sawyer he is a republican and a christian during abc 20/20 special on friday night. he said he has 'always been on the more conservative side'    he also said that he still considers himself a heterosexual, discussed his faith and said he was a christians.   the olympic gold medalist revealed that he identifies as a woman in the interview.
deputy of disgraced former mayor lutfur rahman said to have 'played the race card' to silence opponents. oliur rahsman insisted there is deep-rooted racism in east london borough of tower hamlets. legal ruling condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud. andy erlam - who launched legal action against mayor - said he was in 'complete denial'
samuel kvarzell, markus asberg, eric jansberger and erik naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the uptown 6 train this wednesday. new york police commissioner bill bratton thanked four swedish cops who broke up a subway fight in the big apple this week. the officers were on their way to see les misérables on broadway when they stopped a homeless man who was beating another rider on the train. the men are set to return home to sweden as heroes.
office furniture company steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting. the brody worklounge will be available for purchase in late august starting at $2,700. the design is based on the cognitive neuroscience karolinska institute in sweden's work on flow.
steven davis believes whitey bulger killed his sister, debra davis, in 1981. davis and his family are upset that bulger's exploits have been made into a film, black mass. the film is based on the true story of gangster james 'whitey' bulger and is starring johnny depp and dakota johnson.   davis spoke out following the release of the first trailer for black mass, which showed depp as bulger.
the ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute's silence at sydney's martin place. a contractor doing a sound check is believed to have turned the music on. many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club. merivale, which runs the ivy, said the contractor responsible for the incident was 'immediately terminated'
german chancellor demanded a new european union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on population and economic strength. call comes as europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean. david cameron insisted the uk would not take any of the refugees.
bus ploughed into the engine of uzbekistan airways boeing 777 passenger jet at tashkent airport in u uzbekistan. it's the second time in six months two ryanair planes have collided at dublin airport. no injuries reported after the collision at the busy international airport.
children are more likely to engage in risky behaviour when those looking after them are distracted by texting or talking on the phone. electronic devices were responsible for 30 per cent of all parental distractions in new york. researchers observed parents with children aged 18 months to five years at playgrounds.
a teenager in shimla, india, was filmed giving a monkey the middle finger from a ledge. the monkey interprets the gesture as an insult and launches itself at his face. the teenager is sent sprawling on his back after being knocked to the ground. the monkeys of the shicla region have a reputation for aggression.
meet the australian families who take their pet kangaroos on holidays and even to weddings with their family. samantha wills from south australia takes her joey joey 'crash' to her family's social events. kangaroo goes to two weddings, a ninth birthday party and even attends her children's school for show and tell. other families have found wallabies on the side of the road and taken them in as pets.
peter moore was shocked after receiving letter from hm revenue and customs last week. letter was addressed to the'representative' of peter william john moore and apologised for family's'recent bereavement'   47-year-old pottery factory worker, from stoke-on-trent, staffordshire, demanded an apology from the government.
bulgarians are proud of their traditional music and hold festivals in their villages. many villages in the southern mountains have their own variation of traditional dress. the people of bulgaria love to dance and dance to the beat of the drums and fiddles. the country is famous for its rock and roll music and is home to a variety of different cultures.
on friday, republican senator rand paul shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play liar's poker from professional poker player dan blizerian. the pair were playing the game - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes. bliserian is a self-described international playboy who has amassed 8million followers on his instagram page. the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from kentucky was recently ejected from snapchat for posting a video of naked women in his bed.
man identified as felix david, 24, was being arrested at a halfway house for the mentally ill in new york city's east village. he was wanted on a robbery charge and was shot in the chest by police. sources said that he grabbed an officer's radio and hit him over the head. two officers were injured in the incident.
two members of navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story in virginia. one seal died and another was critically injured on friday. the names of the seals are being withheld pending notification of next of kin.
paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl at rydens school in hersham, surrey. 31-year-old married maths teacher kissed the teenager after class and groped her in his car. father-of-one admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child at guildford crown court. he was a teacher at convicted sex offender max clifford's former school and is facing jail after admitting a string of offences.
bruce jenner and linda thompson, now 64, met at the playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, chrystie crownover. they married in hawaii and had two sons, brody and brandon. when brody was 18 months old, bruce revealed to linda that he identified as a woman. she insists she was blindsided and there were no signs. bruce wanted to flee to europe for gender reassignment surgery and return to america as his children's aunt heather.
kasper schmeichel is one of seven current premier league players to feature in the football league team of the season. gareth bale is the only player to have spent a season in the lower divisions. the world's most expensive footballer is joined by seven other players from the lower leagues.
luke shaw joined manchester united for £28million from southampton in the summer. the left back has struggled to live up to his price tag at old trafford. shaw returned to the team against chelsea on saturday after a three-week absence. the 19-year-old has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks.
michael alonso and 1st lt lantz balthazar of malmstrom air force base in montana have been charged. one of their fellow missile officers pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in january and was kicked out of the service. both face hearings to determine whether they will be court-martialed. cases stem from an investigation that led to the disclosure of a separate exam-cheating scandal.
colin shearing, 70, was convicted of indecent assault and sentenced to three years in jail at swansea crown court. he twice assaulted a six-year-old girl in the 1980s and was jailed in his absence. author booked himself into hotel des nations in paris before moving to a second and third hotel to evade police. european arrest warrant has been issued for shearing after he fled across the channel to avoid being jailed. he faces an additional sentence for absconding after being convicted of the attack.
john caudwell, the founder of phones4u, bought the audley street garage in mayfair, central london for £155million. it will include five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 luxury flats. the complex is set to rival one hyde park and 199 knightsbridge. but it could face trouble getting planning permission as neighbours may object to four basement levels and nine storeys.
princes charles and harry joined 10,000 people in a dawn pilgrimage at gallipoli to honour the bravery of the allied troops. the queen joined a service of remembrance at westminster abbey, where she laid a wreath at the grave of the unknown warrior. prince charles was in turkey with prince harry for a service at new zealand. the royal family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive. queen led the nation at a ceremony at wellington arch and whitehall.
john doyle, 79, was helping two 12-year-old girls cross the road to get to school in timperley, greater manchester. genti rustemi, 45, drove over the crossing point without slowing and attacked lollipop man. mr doyle was left with a broken rib and a punctured lung after being punched in the chest. rustemi escaped a jail sentence after admitting assault causing actual bodily harm and dangerous driving.
rebecca rice, 16, struggled with her nerves ahead of her french oral exam at bodmin college in cornwall. she told her french teacher lorette esteve she had tried everything to calm her nerves. the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her pet dog holly. she was advised to bring the 11-year-old labrador into the gcse oral test.
craig bryson opened the scoring in the third minute for blackpool. tom ince scored his second goal of the night against his former side at the ipro stadium. darren bent added a third goal in the second half after scoring from the penalty spot.
sian harkin, 54, signed cheques totalling £30,000 to cowboy builder lee slocombe claiming work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth, wales. mother-of-two used the school chequebook when she was headteacher and continued to use it when she moved schools. she gave £80,000 worth of work to builder using the money to build rain shelter at her home. harkin even forged the deputy head's name in order to cash one of the cheques.
freddie sears opened the scoring for ipswich after eight minutes against cardiff city. eoin doyle equalised for cardiff in the 13th minute at portman road. cole skuse made it 2-1 in the 29th minute with his first goal for the club. daryl murphy scored a third goal in the 90th minute to make it 3-1.
tony pulis insists west brom chairman jeremy peace has told him takeover will not drag on. peace is open to offers for the club, but wants a deal done by june. the baggies face liverpool at the hawthorns on saturday.
chairman jeremy peace wants to sell west brom for between £150million and £200million. groups from america, australia and the far east have begun due diligence on the club. manager tony pulis has been assured the deal will be done by july. the baggies are currently 13th in the premier league.
liverpool lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday. brendan rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy. rodgers has spent more than £200million since taking charge at liverpool in june 2012. he has signed 22 players but only seven of those have been a success. manchester united and chelsea have spent more but both have won trophies. arsene wenger has spent £183m but won two trophies.
capital one became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers after announcement of eu cap. company warned existing customers loyalty points they earn will be much lower from june 1. financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit. european parliament voted in favour of a cap limiting fees retailers can be charged for processing payments.
north sentinel island has remained untouched by modern civilisation for an estimated 60,000 years. members of a mysterious tribe have rejected modern civilisation and are hostile to outsiders. it is illegal to go within three miles of the island and visitors risk being attacked by members of the tribe. the indian government has established a three-mile exclusion zone to protect the islanders. the sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally on the island in 2006.
adriana alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by, despite having worked for mcdonald's for five years. she is a leader with fight for $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize.   she said the first thing she would do with an increased wage would be to find a 'decent place to live' for her three-year-old son manny.
edward moore was working in his first job as assistant director of music at king edward's school in witley, surrey. he had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office after she told him she had been abused by another music teacher. moore, 24, was jailed for nine months after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17.
bristol city became the first side in the football league to win promotion after beating bradford 6-0. the robins reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season at valley parade. james tavernier opened the scoring for bristol city in the first half. joe bryan, luke ayling, aden flint and aaron wilbraham also scored for the visitors.
scientists in colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface of the sun. this combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing mega storms and solar flares. when the two seasons combine, the sun's activity can be amplified.
trials show avastin, which is used in several other cancers, gives women four months’ extra life. drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators. each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from the drug. nearly 3,000 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer in the uk each year.
thor dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery at lincoln county hospital. junior surgeon tried to deliver baby using forceps in 'unorthodox and unacceptable' way. thor died of brain damage as a result of attempts to free the baby's head during delivery. senior managers at the hospital tried to remove the use of forceps from account of birth.
dina amos-larkin was attending sports festival in salou, spain when she fell while talking to her mother on the phone. 21-year-old law student was in medically-induced coma for two weeks after falling from hotel balcony. authorities initially said the fall was a suicide bid, but she was not drunk. she was left paralysed from the neck down after the fall at hotel jaime 1.
philip gigante, 41, whose grandfather vincent 'the chin' gigante was the head of the genovese crime family. he was elected into the positions by residents of airmont, new york. the republican real-estate lawyer will get $25,000 a year for the part time job.
chris, 20, ordered some computer equipment be delivered from griffith university at nathan in brisbane to a parcel locker at sunnybank. the package was sent almost 2000kms away to chullora in new south wales. chris said australia post had not contacted him to apologise for the delay.
protein world's billboard campaign features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'are you beach body ready?'   company's marketing boss claims the firm is 'just trying to make the nation healthier'    more than 50,000 people sign a petition to have the posters removed and a protest rally is planned for this weekend.   the company has received bomb threats in the wake of the campaign but said it had been 'brilliant' and he didn't see company changing.
tony hunt's daughter's ginger cat harry was hit by a patrol car near his home in derby, derbyshire. police officers knocked on a neighbour's door and asked for a black bin bag to dispose of the pet. mr hunt is demanding an apology from police after a neighbour reported the incident. the three-year-old cat was micro-chipped and police could have contacted the family.
at least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta in dauphin island, alabama. more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the event. a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p.m. and crews are still searching for at least four people missing in the waters. the storm rolled through the area about 4pm on saturday.
moving nation's nuclear deterrent to the british territory could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete. snp want to eject trident from scotland, but both the conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde. ministry of defence officials have sounded out gibraltar as an alternative to naval base.
kate, 33, is due to give birth at st mary's hospital in paddington, central london, at the end of april. royal's baby is expected to be born before end of the month - but duchess could be four days overdue. doctors may have already spoken to her about the possibility of being induced this week.
planners in royal borough have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart in windsor. latest costa will open on site of former dedworth road hsbc branch, last bank in area. it means there will be two costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart, plus costa express at a petrol station between them.
ian brady, 77, wrote letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside. he was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley. brady wrote the letters from bed at the hospital and thinks david dimbleby is an 'establishment dumpling'   brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with accomplice hindley, who died in 2002.
eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a british jihadist fighter from the uk. it shows a convoy of fighters celebrating capture of jisr al-shughour, a town in syria. syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on the city, killing some 20 fighters. the video is believed to be filmed by a young man who has travelled to syria to join the fight.
max azria's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills, one of the city's 'platinum triangle'    the home was built in 1939 by architect paul williams, who built homes for hollywood stars such as frank sinatra and lucille ball. there are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore inside the mansion. azria bought the mansion for $14.4million in 2005 and spent $30million on a massive renovation.
perry clawson, a former army colonel, pitched up outside university of florida's zeta beta tau frat house in protest. frat members accused of drunkenly taunting and urinating on servicemen. one veteran said students spat on him and his service dog at warrior beach vacation retreat. the frat has been suspended, and three of its members expelled.
former fbi director louis freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash in barnard, vermont. it's believed that he fell asleep behind the wheel while driving at up to 65 mph on august 25, 2014. freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response of paramedics and an fbi agent on the scene. eight months later, freeh is still recovering from the crash and walking with the aid of a cane.
simon wood, 38, from oldham won masterchef last friday. everything he knows about cooking is self-taught - he hasn't been on a cookery course. he learned from reading recipe books and watching television shows. practises his cooking skills on his four children - he has always wanted to be a chef.
new nhs guidelines urge gps to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s and say it will improve patients' care. medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten the elderly into thinking they are being 'written off'   nhs says the guidance is 'the thin end of the wedge of assisted suicide'
london mayor appeared alongside ed miliband on bbc's andrew marr show this morning. mr johnson said labour could not take power without the support of the snp. but mr miliband laughed off the attack, saying: 'come on boris, you're better than that'    the tories have been accused of 'descending into the gutter' over claims miliband may'stab the country in the back' by doing a deal with snp .   miliband beat his elder brother david to the labour leadership in 2010 by narrowly beating him.
tayler chaice buzbee was forced to make emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in alabama on friday morning after developing toothache. she was breastfeeding her nine-month-old son, attley, at the time. but a dental assistant removed him from her arms without asking and placed him in a stroller. tayler was left 'humiliated' and 'embarrassed' by incident.
272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome were hospitalised in england over the past 12 months. world health organisation says at least one in 100 babies born in uk could suffer learning and behavioural problems. experts warn the actual number affected by mother's drinking could be far greater.
video created by oprah winfrey's own tv, super soul sunday. reveals what children can teach us about anger. children describe their feelings in the midst of a temper tantrum. explain what happens in their minds when they become angry and upset. learn to take a deep breath to help children diffuse their own anger.
six dancers filmed performing 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' in front of malaya zemlya monument in novorossiysk, southern russia. two of the women were jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days for hooliganism. two others were fined, while a sixth dancer escaped punishment as she was under 16. the video was posted to youtube to encourage people to join their dance school. women's sentences come as russia prepares to mark 70th anniversary of second world war victory.
labour leader ed miliband has pledged to introduce mansion tax on homes worth more than £2million. annual levy will be introduced to raise money for the nhs and will hit his own home in north london. estate agents in london are now offering higher 'cameron price' and lower'miliband' price for some of the most expensive homes.
bbc has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms in its £1billion new broadcasting house. corporation spent £47,198 on booking external spaces nearby during the last financial year. bbc is paying tens of thousands of pounds of taxpayers' money to book meetings in nearby buildings. the bbc's headquarters in central london was opened by the queen in 2013.
dr alex zhavoronkov, an anti-ageing expert, believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a longer life expectancy. he is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks. shunning marriage, children and material assets to focus on research.
bride-to-be adele mckenzie was set to marry her partner of nine years, david elliot, in november 2015. she paid $1,000 to a bridal company to pay for her wedding dress. in april she received an email from the company saying they were going bankrupt. she was one of around 140 brides who received the same email informing them their dream dress may not be coming. the brides banded together to create a facebook page to 'connect' and'support' each other.
university of bristol study of 40 men and women found drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive to the opposite sex. but too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions. study found alcohol has 'positive pulling power' but only if subject isn't too intoxicated.
et eligah christian, 49, was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks. christian took alaska state troopers on a high speed chase friday after mashing the motorhome into several patrol cars. he was charged with felony reckless driving and criminal mischief.
the prime minister has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion. he will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying labour sneers at those who work hard. he said he made ‘no apology’ for focusing on the economy, insisting: ‘nothing matters more’
cheddar is briton's most popular cheese, followed by mozzarella and red leicester. 80% of us eat four servings of cheese a week. 32% of office workers eat an identical lunch each day. greek feta, french camembert and american cream cheese are our least favourite.
stephen a. smith claimed that floyd mayweather jr.'s boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history. he told espn's first take anchor cari champion that she'should feel that way'   smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence. mayweather has been convicted twice for domestic violence.
sydney couple mike and sharon tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming. sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and trims his pubic hair. mike, 40, can also wax her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin. the couple believe that 'the couple that waxes together, stays together'   mike was rushed to hospital after cutting his scrotum during a waxing session.
12 per cent of people said child should be named after william's mother - diana the princess of wales. alice and charlotte are second and third in the poll of 2,200 people. a quarter of brits are hoping for a girl and want the baby to be called diana.
prime minister said scottish national party would prop up a minority labour administration in hope of independence. but danny alexander accused the prime minister of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling. survation poll put the conservatives three points ahead on 33 per cent to labour's 30 per cent in general election race.
broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis. but patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive significant benefit. natural form of the chemical is too unstable to turn into a medicine. but uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of chemical.
madison hurd, 16, was hospitalized on monday with a sudden infection at the children's hospital and medical center in omaha, nebraska. nurses and her friends spent their day off doing her nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room. the great gatsby-themed dance was brought to her bed. hurd was hospitalized with sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection. she has since been diagnosed with myocarditis.
five customers reported having 'thermal incidents' in the holden colorado- suv or ute. this makes holden the most recalled car brand in 2015, with five recalls in only four months. the models affected were made in thailand between september 2013 and january 2015. holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners to have their cars checked out.
zoe o'connell, 37, used to be a man and is standing for the lib dems in maldon, essex. she lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with canvassers sarah brown and sylvia knight. ms brown and ms knight were once a straight married couple married to each other.
paula radcliffe has won the london marathon three times. the 41-year-old mother-of-two will run with the masses in the 26.2 mile race this weekend. she says she's going in 'unfit and unprepared' for the marathon. paula set a world record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds in london in 2003. she has never won an olympic medal and was out-sprinted at the 2000 olympics.
oil painting of a catholic saint was believed to be the work of a follower of renaissance master el greco. it was acquired by owner's father in the 1970s for very little and kept in attic for years. auctioneer gave it an estimated value of between £300 and £400 but it sold for £98,000 at auction. the painting was thought to be worth just £300 but the price suggests it may have been done by the artist.
renee somerfield, 24, has responded to the backlash against the yellow protein world ad. it features a bikini-clad renee next to text reading 'are you beach body ready'   body image campaigners and feminists have been angry at the campaign. the model, who is a strict vegan, said she is a'real person' behind the image. protein world claim the image is entirely unphotoshopped.
kate battersby tries six red dresses to see which work and which don’t. the red dress is a colour that radiates energy and sexiness. but it can be hard to tell if a dress is right for you. she tries out a variety of looks and gives her verdict on each.
professor stephen hawking was speaking at the sydney opera house as a 3d hologram from cambridge university in the uk. was asked about the cosmological effect of zayn malik leaving one direction. professor hawking joked that in another different universe 'zayn is still in one direction'   he also spoke about the mysteries of the universe, being diagnosed with als, and the future of our planet.
intrepid travel run 800 trips across the world and have 100,000 customers in nepal. all 200 clients who are currently in the country have been accounted for and are safe. british foreign office has advised tourists to check with their travel provider before heading to the country. all trips to nepal until may 11 have been cancelled.
a police officer in strongsville, ohio told a pet owner to sit in her hot car after officers found her dog locked inside. the woman was shopping in walmart when she was cited for leaving her dog in a hot car. the officer told her to sit inside with the windows up and the ignition off. last year, a woman in new mexico was told to sitting in her car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat.
david duane watson, a 46-year-old tucson firefighter, has been charged in the murder of his ex-wife linda watson and her mother marilyn cox. police say watson killed linda in 2000 during a custody dispute over their daughter jordynn. linda was reported missing in august 2000 after she failed to pick up her daughter from the home of her ex-husband. three years later, her mother and her neighbor renee farnsworth were shot dead in the driveway of linda's home as they tried to gain visitation rights over the girl in 2003.
the illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks. the men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market for her. they were stopped at a check point trying to cross into sierra leone from guinea, west africa.
clooney married british lawyer amal alamuddin in venice in 2014 at the belmond hotel cipriani. the city is one of the most exclusive in the world and was the setting for the couple's wedding. george and amal chose to have their celebrations at some of venice's most exclusive hotels. the couple stayed at the aman canal grande and held a stag party at his favourite restaurant.
a man driving to work in alabama had earlier noticed his stolen pickup truck following him. the truck was stolen from the victim on the man's birthday. terry proctor, 29, of piedmont, was captured after a foot chase. the driver crashed the vehicle and was ejected as the truck rolled over.
pm was giving a campaign speech in south london when he joked that everyone should back his team   but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants. prime minister insists he has been an aston villa fan 'all his life' - but he could not remember the year of the triumph. mr cameron claimed he became a fan after watching the team beat bayern munich in the 1982 european cup final. he said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'it was just one of those things'
scottish first minister said ed miliband simply 'won't have the votes to do what he likes' after the election. labour leader insisted he would not do any deal with the snp after the general election. but snp leader nicola sturgeon said 'he will change his tune once the votes are cast'    labour expected to suffer heavy losses in scotland - where it won 41 seats in 2010 - and could lose up to 50 seats.
karla hornby thought she was going to die when she gave birth to baby freddie by emergency caesarean section. he weighed just 2lbs after being born while on holiday in benidorm with partner jordan jackson. the couple are facing the prospect of spending three months in spain while baby builds up his strength. mr jackson, 21, is meant to report back for service tomorrow.
a film crew shooting the documentary lair of the megashark were just off new zealand's stewart island. they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of a six metre great white shark. the men were in a tiny dinghy when the shark charged at the boat. the great white was just off the coast of the island and tried to shake the boat .
james holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence. the prosecution is trying to prove that holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing. if the 12 final jurors decide that he was mentally ill at the time of the shooting, he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital. holmes killed 12 people and injured 70 more at the aurora movie theater on july 20, 2012, in one of america's deadliest mass shootings.
ukip leader nigel farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication. he has pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win in thanet south. party's deputy chairman suzanne evans said she would step in as leader if mr farage quits due to ill health. but she played down his medical problems and said his health is 'absolutely fine'    miss evans is seen as the party's rising star and has been tipped as a future leader.
made in chelsea star mark-francis vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches. the 26-year-old has been collecting watches since his teens and has a collection of 16. his most expensive watch is a cartier white gold moonphase, worth £32,000. he is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model.
chris blowes is in a critical condition after being mauled by a great white shark at fishery bay, south australia. the 26-year-old is fighting for his life at the royal adelaide hospital. mr blowes was attacked by a six-metre shark on saturday morning. the man was taken to port lincoln hospital before being airlifted to adelaide for treatment. witnesses said the shark was seen swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its mouth.
prime minister faced first serious criticism of the campaign as tory donors rounded on party's lacklustre message. pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs, business and childcare. insisted the economy 'excites' millions of people. comes amid claims senior tory figures are already planning to make boris johnson leader.
paul gambaccini blasted bbc for destroying top 40 show by employing 'ignorant' djs. he blamed presenters' obsession with discussing sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings.   he was particularly annoyed about last week's show when host clara amfo dismissed superstar paul simon.
fbi is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in southern california because of a 'known threat' from isis. officials found out earlier that isis called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot. officials said the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation.
marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pummelled multiple suburbs in sydney's east and west on anzac day. the storm was the result of an east coast low, a type of cyclone that occurs in australia every few years. flash flooding was also reported in the city, with a woman rescued from her car after becoming trapped in flood waters. seven buildings collapsed in western sydneys and two factories in the east of the city.
shadow business secretary said nigel farage had 'a problem with race' following remarks last week about 'fully black' and 'half black' ukip supporters. mr umunna's remarks come after national front members turned up to campaign for him in south thanet constituency.
your hands give clues to the way your brain reflects your gender. according to popular mythology, men tend to be more obsessed by cars and obscure facts. women are said to be better at empathy and are more likely to offer sympathy. sbs one series horizon examines the links between gender and the brain. professor alice roberts and dr michael mosley examine the differences between the sexes.
the hudsonian godwit was spotted at the shapwick heath in somerset. bird was last seen in the uk in 1988 and was heading to its breeding grounds in canada and alaska. more than a thousand bird watchers and photographers lined the water's edge to catch a glimpse of the bird.
massimo vian, one of the heads of milan-based luxottica, said that his team was working on two new versions of google glass. google stopped selling the first version and shut its explorer program for google glass earlier this year. vian told shareholders that his company is working on google glass version 2, which is 'in preparation'
more than 1,000 passengers joined a one kilometre-long queue outside tribhuwan international airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city. the airport in kathmandu was briefly shut down yesterday due to a powerful aftershock from the 7.8-magnitude quake. death toll has already hit 2,500 people in the nepalese capital.
danny nickerson, six, of massachusetts, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013. last july, his request for a 'box of cards' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more than 150,000 cards from around the world. his mother carley nickerson shared on friday that he died of an inoperable tumor after a 'courageous 18-month battle . to get all of the mail to his home, it took four trucks and a u-haul.
more than 2,500 people died in the 7.8 magnitude earthquake which struck nepal's capital kathmandu yesterday morning. the monuments of the capital are recognised as a unesco world heritage site. many of the most recognisable buildings, including towers and temples, have been destroyed by the disaster. the dharahara tower, which was built in 1832, was almost completely obliterated by the quake.
abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. abby can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her glasses. her mother amanda was outraged when she found out her daughter was forced to take off her thick glasses for a school portrait. lifetouch school photography has apologized to the family and will re-take abby's school picture for free.
margaret mountford will reveal the island was the magaluf of its day and a capital for sex tourism. bbc documentary examines the life and legacy of female poet sappho, who lived on the island.    the word 'lesbian' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man.
chelsea bruck was last seen in frenchtown township, michigan, while dressed as poison ivy. she went missing after attending a halloween party on october 26. her body was found naked on a 13-acre private property in monroe county on friday. police say evidence indicates it was a homicide but cause of death is still unknown. bruck, 22, was 15 miles away from where the body was discovered in ash township.
death toll has crept up to 2,500 people across four countries, with hundreds still missing. 50 earthquake scientists from around the world met in kathmandu a week ago to discuss the disaster. one expert said the devastation was 'an accident waiting to happen'   experts say the country's shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make it less equipped to deal with a major quake.
two-year-old tommy cox from colchester, essex, looks very similar to hrh prince george of cambridge. his mother and father are regularly stopped by people who want to have photograph taken with prince’s lookalike. mrs cox, 35, noticed the similarities when tommy was christened in 2013.
whaling captain george grimes cottage is a heritage-listed colonial georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms in millers point, sydney. the home was built by the whaling captain and is set to go under the hammer for $4million. the 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the harbour bridge and a row of early 1840s terraces. the sandstone and brick home has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces and an open-plan kitchen.
sarah, 36, and mark brennan, 35, from south wales, had ten miscarriages in ten years. they never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they'd never conceive naturally. eryn was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz. the couple said they became 'used' to the heartbreak of losing the babies.
doctors in kurdistan are performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries to'reverse loss of virginity' on young yazidi girls. some of the victims are as young as eight and have been held as sex slaves by isis militants. around 40,000 people were kidnapped at gunpoint when isis fighters attacked yazidis last summer. many of the women and girls have escaped the islamic state and now face being shunned by their religious community. some have returned after falling pregnant by their captors and being forced to marry.
a second person is dead and five are missing following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats in a regatta near mobile bay, alabama on saturday. the regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people. one person was found dead on s saturday and a second was found  dead on sunday morning. authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta.
maría jose carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of spain, was released from a new jersey jail on friday after spending nearly 9 years behind bars for refusing to return her daughter to the united states. carrascalosa was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to spain when the girl's father, peter innes, was granted custody of the child. she defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the u.s. and was jailed for contempt of court for violating a court order to bring the child back. a judge ordered her release after her daughter and estranged husband wrote letters to the court urging a judge to
invitations to service at st paul's cathedral advise it will avoid glorifying duke of wellington's victory over napoleon in 1815. move criticised by politicians who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree' waterloo 200 event will focus on 'pan-european' implications of the battle.
anais zanotti, 30, has modelled for playboy, gq, esquire and maxim. she has skydived more than 1,350 times and teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane. the french-born model moved to the us to become an international model.
the works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor, peter o'mara's home in darling point. police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a caretakers garage. all of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found. 18 paintings were taken from the property investor's home along with a bronze statue and silver bowl. the artworks were delivered to the art gallery of new south wales.
new report claims ivan milat's brother, boris milat, knew his brother shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962. milat was 17 years old when he shot his first victim, neville knight. the 'wrong man' was jailed for his first crime and confessed to the crime to protect his own brother.    milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers, a new report claims.
joshua quincy burns, formerly of brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse. his daughter naomi suffered injuries after she slipped off his lap while he was ending a phone call and he grabbed her by the face. he claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table. joshua burns and his wife brenda burns say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter's face when she slipped from his lap in march 2014. the baby suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, apnea and retinal hemorrhages. brenda
sbs football reporter and presenter scott mcintyre has been sacked over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' anzac day tweets. the journalist condemned the commemoration of anzac day as an 'imperialist invasion' and accused the australian diggers of committing war crimes.   michael ebeid was quick to distance the national broadcaster from the comments, saying they are 'not at all the views of sbs'   social media users accused sbs of being 'complicit' and labelling the comments 'un-australian'
megan sheehan, of san francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at santa rita jail. she was arrested for resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication. police say she was 'guided' to the ground after 'violently punching' one of the officers. body camera footage shows her being grabbed by two officers and being taken to ground head first. she lost consciousness and suffered four broken cheek bones, a split molar and a cracked front tooth. she claims police used excessive force and is still recovering from the incident.
marha yumi perry, 36, was arrested on friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant after she allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her car. police said perry hid herself in a shallow hole and was found by a police dog who tracked her scent through a field. perry was arrested after police said she was found covering herself with dirt and hiding in the hole. the boy suffered a cut to his face and was taken to a hospital.
bill spedding was charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault. the 63-year-old was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler william tyrrell. he was living with three young boys at the time of the toddler's disappearance. police are investigating how he was able to live with the children despite allegations he raped two young girls in 1987. the new south wales ombudsman is investigating the allegations. police say the charges are unrelated to the disappearance of the missing toddler.    police are expected to lay more charges against the accused sex offender in the future.
james hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with his parents to fly out to lanzarote. he was frisked by airport security and forced to hand over his toy gun after it was deemed a security risk. the boy's father described the security checks as 'ludicrous' and 'over-zealous'   after returning from the holiday, the family bought a replacement toy gun off ebay.
in a documentary he said phone records from the early 2000s show direct contact between north caucasus separatists and us secret services. putin said he raised the issue with then-us president george w. bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question.
robin barton, 25, was just four hours old when michael buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster in november 21, 1989. he was found by the now-retired santa ana police officer because he thought he heard a cat meowing. barton was abandoned by his mother and his mother, 19-year-old sabrina diaz, and he was abandoned. buelina initially wanted to adopt barton but was beaten to it by his adoptive parents. the two met for the first time since the incident last week and embraced . he now hopes to help find the man's biological mother.
katia apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillowcase. she came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning. the 52-year-old french insurance saleswoman was inspired seven years ago.
saturday night live cast member cecily strong hosted the white house correspondents' dinner. the comedian poked fun at barack obama, hillary clinton, barack clinton and washington's elite during her 20-minute speech. strong wore a $6000 j.mendel gown to the annual event. she made fun of the president and police brutality, saying that obama's hair 'is so white now it can talk back to the police'   she also made media outlets promise not to report on clinton's appearance because it was 'not journalism'
some of the most unbelievable landscapes in the world include the wave in arizona, the world's largest salt flats and the fairy chimneys of turkey's cappadocia.    iceland's svinafellsjokull glacier was one of the filming locations for the blockbuster film interstellar and is a popular hiking destination.
james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday at the td garden in boston. he hit a one-handed shot, which traveled almost the full length of the 94-foot court. just before the shot, james said: 'give me my money'   the cavs hold a 3-0 lead in their eastern conference first-round playoff series against the celtics.
a survation poll for the mail on sunday has shown a swing towards the tories. ed miliband's labour party is trailing by three points in the polls. fear of nicola sturgeon among labour voters is pushing them towards nigel farage's ukip. david cameron is three points ahead of labour with 33 per cent of the vote.
hippopotamus stood its ground against two hungry lions in the depths of zimbabwe's hwange national park. the three-year-old big cats tried to attack the large mammal in the nature reserve. the hippo attempted to scare off the hungry lions before charging towards them. the stand-off was caught on camera by researcher brent stapelkamp.
courtney terry, 27, was diagnosed with kidney cancer when she was just 19-years-old. she thought she had beaten the disease which killed her brother seven years ago. but it returned when she became pregnant in 2009. she was planning to marry her childhood sweetheart billy webb in seven months' time. but doctors have advised her to bring forward the wedding because of her worsening condition. courtney has a kidney cancer so rare it does not have a name and is now fundraising to fund her dream wedding.
temitope adebamiro, 35, was charged with murder on friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicide. police were called to a home in bear, delaware, early on thursday morning and found 37-year-old adeyinka adebamyro unconscious with a stab wound to his upper body. police charged her with first-degree murder after an argument about him cheating on her with her sister and their nanny's daughter. the couple had been married for more than ten years.
jeremy clarkson was seen laughing with traffic warden in london after leaving his green lamborghini parked on yellow lines. the former top gear host was talking to the warden and chatted for a few minutes. he was spotted at stamford bridge watching chelsea draw with arsenal. he spent 15 minutes inspecting a black ferrari before driving off in his borrowed supercar. clarkon was sensationally sacked by the bbc last month after a 'fracas' with a producer.
christian trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door in horwich, near bolton. samantha-jayne brady stopped to take a picture and posted it on facebook. the picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people. christian said he was 'blown away' by the reaction to an act of kindness that was 'just something he would normally do'    he asked his manager if he could walk the 96-year-old man home after spotting him walking alone in strong winds.
police commissioner anthony batts ordered protesters to disperse after a few hours of peaceful protests against the death of freddie gray, 25, in police custody. protesters turned on police cars, smashed windows and threw objects at police. baltimore orioles fans at camden yards baseball stadium were told they could not leave the stadium until police clearance. at least two people were injured and 12 protesters were arrested in the chaos.
man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries and suspected leg fractures. firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the wreckage in southam, warwickshire. he was conscious throughout but mechanically trapped under the weight of the car. his jeans were left on the underside of the red car after firefighters spent 45 minutes to free him.
sandie konopelski of shiloh was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between swansea and belleville on friday morning. she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene. the 58-year-old was responding to a report about an opossum on the train tracks. she was struck and killed by a st louis metrolink train.
hawthorn coach alastair clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man, thought to be an adelaide power fan after his team's loss to port adelaide on saturday night. the hawks coach grabbed the man by the throat and pushed him back to his hotel room. hawthorn ceo stuart fox said the man was 'pushed and shoved all the way to the door'    it's not known whether the man in the video was a port ad adelaide fan.
jamie robbins stole £1,600 from the select 'n' save shop in kings norton, birmingham, with an accomplice. 35-year-old handed himself into police station earlier this year and said: 'please arrest me'   he was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article.
amira abase, 15, left bethnal green with two other east london schoolgirls to become 'jihadi brides' in syria in february. she is believed to be living in the islamic state with classmates shamima begum, 15 and kadiza sultana, 16. amira has tweeted from inside the state for the first time, posting picture of takeaway dinner with another teen 'jihadist'   photo shows a huge western-style takeaway dinner of fried chicken, chips, pizza, pizza and kebab meat, captioned 'dawla takeaway'
andy erlam has announced he will stand to be the next mayor of tower hamlets. he was one of four petitioners to have lutfur rahman unseated from office by electoral court.    mr erlam told voters it is a chance to 'change everything for the better' andy erlam pledged to end years of 'rotten borough' politics.  he is following in the footsteps of martin bell who stood as an anti-corruption independent candidate in 1997.
christopher may, 50, will appear at pontypridd magistrates' court charged in connection with murder of tracey woodford, 47. her body was found dismembered in a flat in ponty pridd, south wales, on friday afternoon. her family have described her as'very kind-hearted' and'selfless' she is believed to have been attacked in woodland before being taken to the flat. ms woodford's body was discovered with'massive injuries' at the property and police launched murder investigation. she was last seen at skinny dog pub with a man on april 21 and was reported missing on wednesday.
labour’s reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers - saving them up to £5,000 in tax. labour claims tax break would be funded by squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords.
john caudwell, 62, says visitors to his 50-room jacobean manor in staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs. he thinks it is the ghost of a boy who was shot by a soldier during the english civil war. the phones4u founder bought broughton hall 20 years ago for £800,000.
acting ceo of the clinton foundation maura pally said the charity made mistakes in how it disclosed its donors. said money received from a businessman who was selling his company to russia could not be disclosed under canadian law. a government watchdog said that the charity seemed like a'slush fund' for hillary clinton's family. the foundation has been under scrutiny for undisclosed donations from foreign governments and a businessman.
lord greville janner could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia as part of civil claims by alleged victims. the labour peer is accused of molesting boys in leicester care homes in the 1970s and 1980s. prosecutors say there is 'overwhelming' cause to charge him with 22 charges of sexual assault. but director of public prosecutions said his dementia made him unfit to face trial. his family have been told he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems. but he could still face civil action from his alleged victims who could claim up to £100,000 in compensation.
bbc to air real-time documentary following a canalboat along the kennet and avon canal at a leisurely 4mph. film is shot continuously from a single camera on the front of the boat. no presenter, narrator, dialogue or music - just the sounds of the engine and birdsong.
former made in chelsea star, 26, joins forces with peta on anti-fur campaign directed at harvey nichols. poster shows her holding a mutilated fox - but it's a fake. department store backtracked last year after abandoning its ten-year fur-free policy. miss james leads a mostly vegan lifestyle and says she loves animals.
luke stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again after accident in portugal. pc was on holiday with his wife jenny and two-year-old son nathan when he broke his neck. the police officer from hailsham, east sussex, was left paralysed from the waist down. he remains in hospital in a coma and is in a critical condition after the 'horrendous' accident.
ed miliband confirmed he will press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings from experts. labour leader said rent controls would give millions of 'forgotten' renters a fairer deal. but generation rent campaign group said his plans are 'riddled with loopholes' and may make tenants' lives worse. senior tories called the proposal 'drivel' and said it would suppress house building and push rents up.
more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the former concentration camp in northern germany. british soldiers liberated the camp on april 15, 1945. german president joachim gauck and world jewish congress president also attended the ceremony.
heckler & koch g36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30c, tests claim. weapon is used by police forces across the uk and is also used in 50 other countries. findings have prompted an urgent inquiry into the g36 by the home office. g36 was created for the requirements of the german armed forces and used by counter-terror police.
jon reiter, a contractor from california, was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit. at least 17 climbers, including three americans, were killed in the avalanche. scott holder, a financial adviser from santa rosa, described the moment the wall of snow and ice hit their camp.    he was forced to zip a dead body into a sleeping bag as he tended for the injured even after doctors told him there is little chance they will survive.
18-year-old waitress claims england footballer aaron lennon grabbed her, slapped her and ripped her top at manchester nightclub. she reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and told police he left her with a bruise below her eye. police are investigating the alleged incident at suede nightclub in manchester on april 4. the player, 28, is on loan to everton and was interviewed by officers under caution over alleged assault.
disneyland opened in california's disneyland park on july 17, 1955. the theme park is one of the most popular in the world, drawing millions of visitors each year. walt disney received a wealth of advice before opening the park, many of which he ignored. mailonline travel looks at some of the more unusual facts about the world-famous resort. guests spend 83 times as much on average at the park than in 1955, and three babies have been born there.
study found doctors could mistake warning signs for ongoing medical problems or depression. britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in europe. people with bowel cancer who saw the same doctor were diagnosed a week later than others. study of 18,500 patients found that seeing same doctor was not linked to later diagnosis for breast cancer or lung cancer.
maren sanchez was attacked and killed in a hallway of jonathan law high school in milford, connecticut, on april 25, 2014. a classmate, christopher plaskon, has been charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of the 16-year-old. he is accused of stabbing her to death after she refused to be his date to prom.
royal baby's arrival will be announced first on twitter according to a report in the sunday times. news of the royal delivery will also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of buckingham palace. when prince george was born in july 2013 his birth was first announced in an emailed press release.
money was diverted away from protecting children from rape, trafficking and beatings in order to pursue 'priority crimes'   labour's 'obsession with targets' led to a 'perverted sense of priorities' for police. same targets were linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south yorkshire police. the targets have been scrapped by the tories amid concern they were harming policing.
chris lewis, 68, has accused his ex-wife nicola, 48, of duping him about the paternity of her son charlie. tv producer claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage. dna tests prove charlie, now 19, is not his biological son and he wants £322,400 in damages. he claims he was led to believe he was the father of the child for 17 years.
art detective christopher marinello, 53, tracked down nine paintings stolen from an la mansion in slovenia. he got tip-off from a shadowy figure called darko who sent images of paintings via whatsapp. he has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art including works by chagall and rivera. he is representing the heirs of art dealer paul rosenberg in their bid to recover matisse's femme assise.
freddie gray, 25, died on april 19 after sustaining spinal injuries while in the custody of baltimore police. he was arrested for carrying a switchblade knife and was taken to a hospital. gray died a week after the incident from a severed spine. on sunday, mourners gathered at a funeral home to pay their respects to gray. gray's wake was held at vaughn greene funeral home and his funeral will be held on monday.
smartwatches are a new generation of watches designed to do more than tell the time. pebble watch was one of the earliest smartwatches and is best for beginners. withings activité combines cutting-edge technology with traditional styling. samsung gear s is the watch that is so smart you can ditch your phone.
david cameron has written to first great western to request it 'urgently review' plans to increase fares on route between london and the cotswolds. prime minister has promised to freeze fares for the whole of the next parliament. main party leaders have pledged to freeze prices in real terms after general election. virgin and stafford-to-liverpool and london midlands passengers could face hikes of up to 87%.
presenter and author fern britton, 57, reveals she came to suicide one day after divorce from first husband clive jones. mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered since. she planned to crash her car into a brick wall after the divorce. fern and husband phil vickery, 53, have been married for 15 years.
juanette cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing from john f. kennedy international airport. police found more than 1,400 unopened miniature bottles of liquor in her brooklyn home. cullum has been charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property. she allegedly stole from planes over the last three years.
us officials are expected to stop prosecuting families of american hostages who communicate with kidnappers abroad or pay ransoms. a national counterterrorism center advisory group is expected to recommend a radical shift in us hostage policy. the family of a us contractor held by al-qaeda militants, warren weinstein, confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release. officials from president barack obama's administration told the family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free him.
brian williams was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he lied about being on a military helicopter in iraq. nbc's nightly news anchor claimed to have seen body floating in new orleans during hurricane katrina. now an internal investigation has reportedly found he embellished at least 11 different reports. he was suspended after it was revealed he told a series of lies about his reporting.
australian historian dr jim penman has drawn parallels between britain and roman empire in 100bc. claims britons have lost the drive for innovation that drove social change in the victorian era. he claims we are living in a 'golden age' with no major wars and fewer children.
gary barlow, mark owen and howard donald told to pay back cash 11 months ago after 'investment' scheme was ruled invalid. trio are dealing directly with hmrc but have yet to stump up the cash. band begin their latest uk tour tomorrow and have been criticised by taxpayers' alliance.
seven women were all believed to be in an online relationship with a mormon man living in texas. all believed they were talking to a woman named kayla, 24, who was pretending to be a man. the women found out they had been catfished by a 24-year-old woman called kayla. kayla apologized to the women and said she was trying to figure out who she was. she had stolen the identity of a montana student named keagan and apologized on dr phil.
watercolours were used to work out how the scenes might look once filming of the 1939 hollywood classic began. each painting sold for £35,000 at heritage auctions in beverly hills, california. they were from the brush of famed art director jack martin smith. one shows the moment dorothy meets the wizard of oz for the first time.
pippa middleton is said to have bought biodegradable mull-cloth nappies for her new royal baby. self-warming baby bottles and baby'shushing' machines are among the latest baby gizmos on the market. a machine makes'shush' sounds to 'break the cycle of crying' and a self- warming bottle heats up in 60 seconds.
the dragon king dinosaur skull is being sold by hong kong-based experts evolve. it is more than 95 per cent complete bone and is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long. the fossil was first found in montana in 1992 and is expected to fetch $1.8 million at auction. the skull is known as lung wong, or the dragon king, and is said to be the world's largest intact dinosaur skull. the last time a fossil of this size and quality was sold was a tyrannosaurus rex fossil in 1997.
actor, 38, says he hasn't dated in four years and is now a devoted dad to his two sons james and henry. he says he's now focusing on his acting career and being a good father. colin was once known as one of hollywood's most infamous bad boys. he has appeared in the upcoming second series of true detective.
the u.s. supreme court's arguments on tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than two decades of litigation and a transformation in public attitudes. with 37 of the 50 states now permitting gay marriage, the court is on the verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide. justice anthony kennedy is expected to be a key member of the court's decision-making team.
japanese photographer uruma takezawa spent 1,021 days on the road documenting communities in 103 countries on four continents. the photographer began his round-the-world trip in march 2010 and travelled to the most remote areas of the world. his work captures the dignity and resilience of his subjects and the power of those who live off the land.
egyptian-born hani al-sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men into fighting jihadist. the radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood as mohammed emwazi in west london. he cannot be deported because of his human rights - he has blocked government attempts to deport him for more than 15 years. security services are believed to be investigating his influence on the london boys terror cell.
rochelle holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week and smoking 20 cigarettes a day. she was at risk of suffering a stroke and was told she could die before the age of 25. she weighed 20st and was a size 24 after spending £30 a week on takeaways and kebabs. she decided to lose weight and quit smoking and is now a size 12.
corinthian colleges was one of the country's largest for-profit educational institutions. it was fined $30million by the us department of education for misrepresenting job data and altering grades and attendance records. corinthian's schools generated $1.2billion in government loans in its final year. the company was forced to close all of its 28 ground campuses after failing to sell its schools.
susannah ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since friday. many britons have been found safe and well but dozens are still missing in nepal. a number were climbing mount everest at the time of the disaster.
geoff haigh, 61, wanted to marry his long-term partner heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer.    he died weeks after the ceremony in november last year and the couple have three marriage certificates. guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 'wonderful life' 10 times in a row due to a blunder. the couple's marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid.
research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £300. 63 per cent of families are concerned about the spiraling costs of the ceremony. george at asda has unveiled a budget range of outfits starting from just £4 inspired by prince george. the range includes gowns and rompers for babies being christened. asda says the range is the cheapest on the high street.
the horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff and extends over the valley floor 2,350ft below. it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating arizona’s grand canyon skywalk by 16.4ft. located in the longgang national geological park, the bridge can accommodate up to 200 visitors at once. the bridge was designed to withstand an 8.0-magnitude earthquake and level 14 typhoon.
scientists took ct scans of baby teeth found at two sites in north italy and found they belonged to a group of modern humans known as the protoaurignacian culture. the teeth are the oldest modern human remains in europe and are 40,000 years old. they claim the arrival of this modern human culture led to the rapid disappearance of neanderthals .
judges rejected home secretary theresa may's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of 'unacceptably savage' abuse he faced in libya. he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal. seven years after he was first told he was to be deported, a judge ruled it would breach his human rights.
michelle obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'kailua blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services. the obama state china service was unveiled at a preview for tuesday's state dinner. the china cost approximately $367,000 and has settings for 320 people.
valerie jackson's four-year-old son rj suffers netherton's syndrome, a rare skin disease which causes his skin to appear red and scaly. a member of the public reported her to police for child abuse after believing she was abusing her son. rj is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers the rare condition. while out shopping with her son, mrs jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police. she was accused of scalding her son after a stranger mistook his skin for the signs of abuse. the mother-of-four said her son has been treated like an outcast because of his skin disease.
dr sanjay gupta is the chief medical correspondent for cnn and is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of saturday's earthquake. was asked by a hospital to perform brain surgery on a 15-year-old girl who was injured in the earthquake. sandhya chalise had a wall of her family's home fall on her as she collected water. gupta performed a craniotomy on the girl at the overstretched hospital. he is a neurosurgeon at emory healthcare in atlanta.
the unidentified woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a parking lot in loveland, colorado. she called 911 and told the dispatcher she was locked in her trunk after being forced into her car by a man. the woman said she was at a restaurant when'someone came up to me and he had a gun'    the woman told a dispatcher 'he got out' of the car and police responded and got the woman out after finding her car keys.
a reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss. the anonymous employee apologises for a number of unfortunate incidents. the letter was posted with the caption 'two weeks notice' to bosses. the writer is believed to be a disgruntled employee at an anonymous firm.
the image was re-posted to twitter by an anti-isis activist in syria on sunday. it shows a newborn baby sleeping next to a handgun, a grenade and a birth certificate. the image has not been verified but is believed to be linked to the islamic state terrorist group. terror experts say the image is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity. it bears a strong resemblance to earlier isis propaganda.
sophie wilson, 17, performed cpr on bradley parkes, 16, after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree. he was found in the woods in willenhall, coventry, after months of bullying. his mother tiffany, 35, said her son was in a coma but has made a'miracle' recovery. he left a suicide note saying taking his own life was 'easier than what he was going through'   his mother said he had been robbed at knife point and slashed in the face by a gang.
former nsa chief general keith alexander warns of 'catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure'   he envisioned a worst case scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid. he listed five countries able to conduct cyber-warfare at the highest level.
children living in pakistan's slums often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas. makeshift amusement parks are popping up in poor areas on the outskirts of major cities. many of those enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to the fighting. the amusement parks offer the chance to play and laugh with others.
john suchet, 71, has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis and the toll it took on their relationship. classic fm presenter has written a book and became honorary president of dementia uk charity. was described by her husband as 'the love of my life' after she was diagnosed with dementia in 2006. his wife died peacefully on april 15 2015 aged 73.
chief executive michael o'leary said average fare could be as low as €40 (approximately £26) next year. he took aim at air france in interview with french weekly newspaper le journal du dimanche. said he despises the 'french political class', but loves france and the french.
labour leader wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers allowing councils to encourage building by raising tax on unused land. mr miliband wants to impose rent controls and link rents to inflation under three-year contracts. property analysts say move would take britain back to the 'dark days of the seventies'    institute of directors describes the land grab as a'stalinist attack on property rights' andrew percy, tory candidate for brigg and goole, condemns the policy.
jackson was taken into police custody on saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in west lake, la. the 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on friday. the victim told police the man was hobie - jackson played hobie buchannon on baywatch. he is well-known for his troubled personal life. in january the former baywatch star is alleged to have attempted to murder his ex-wife, loni willison, in an attack caught in an audio recording.
john hancock repeatedly called his sister bianca rinehart 'the fat' and 'fatty' in emails tendered to a federal court in sydney. mr hancock was urging his sister to join him in legal action against their mother gina. the siblings are in a bitter trust dispute over the family's trust fund. gina is the richest person in australia and accused of defrauding her children of billions of dollars.
lisa mcelroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line 'great article on writing briefs' on march 31. she said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out she sent the link to students. the professor, a tenured professor at the university, has spoken out about reclaiming her dignity since the public scandal.
john sims, who had burkitt's lymphoma, died on saturday, with his new wife lindsey sims by his side. the pair married march 21 at the university of texas m.d. anderson cancer center after john was told his cancer was terminal. after the wedding they set off on a a cross-country road trip. but john's condition worsened and he died at a hospice in grand junction, colorado.
condemned bali nine member myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting. his brother chinthu has pleaded with the indonesian president to call off the firing squad. andrew chan has asked to spend last hours in church with his family. the bali 9 pair will be executed just after the stroke of midnight on wednesday.    the pair's lawyer removed four self portrait depicting the artist shot through the heart from the death row inmate's cell.
nicholas pence, 25, and his father david, 56, were shot dead at their home in new orleans, louisiana, on wednesday. had been celebrating a football game in their garage, or'man cave'   found by nicholas's mother, elizabeth, and wife, who called police. dexter allen, 17, and haraqyon degruy, 18, have been charged with the double murder. police believe it was a botched burglary, but no motive has yet been established.
joyce cox was strangled to death on her way home from school in cardiff on september 28, 1939. her body was found dumped by a railway station but her killer has never been caught. four-year-old was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday. police ordered that the case file be kept secret until 2040 but family are accusing police of a 'cover-up'   force said information could not be released because it is unfair to the mystery suspect.
vladimir bukovsky, 72, has lived in the uk since he fled the soviet union in the 1970s after he was accused of spreading anti-soviet propaganda. he has been summonsed to appear in court next month to be charged with making and possessing indecent images of children. he will appear at cambridge magistrates' court after a police investigation. he denies the allegations and has been charged with five counts of making an indecent photograph of a child. he spent 12 years in prison and forced labour camps after fleeing the communist state.
nursultan nazarbayev has been re-elected as president of kazakhstan with 97 per cent of the vote. the 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989. he said if he had interfered in the vote, it would have been 'undemocratic'   international monitors have voiced concern about the poll saying there was not a genuine choice of other candidates.
the ocean-going tug mv hamal was intercepted by the frigate hms somerset and border force cutter valiant. it was intercepted about 100 miles east of the aberdeenshire coast. nine men were detained for questioning and later charged with drug trafficking offences.
judith russell, whose daughter katherine married tamerlan tsarnaev, took to the stand in the trial of his brother dzhokhar tsarnaev. she told how her daughter converted to islam after meeting her husband . defense lawyers for tsarnaev have said that he should not be put to death because he was forced to help his brother with the boston marathon bombings. he was found guilty earlier this month of killing three people and injuring 264 in the 2013 attacks.
princess leonore, 14-months-old, was visiting the vatican with her mother, princess madeleine, 32. she was playing with her pearl necklace and pouting as she met pope francis. duchess of gotland is six months pregnant with her second child and will give birth this summer. prince carl philip will marry fiancee sofia hellqvist in stockholm on the 13th june.
the us national'speedcubing' champion was at an official rubik's cube event in doylestown, pennsylvania. collin burns shaved 0.3 of a second off the record. previous world record of 5.55 seconds was set by dutchman mats valk.
kayla mooney, 24, was in her first year teaching science at danbury high school in connecticut. she was charged with second-degree sexual assault and distributing alcohol to a minor. mooney was allegedly busted after she complained to school administrators that the boy's girlfriend was harassing her. the boy told police about his sexual relationship with the teacher last year.
paul gilbert joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back' to labour leadership. he blasted labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees and said 'i don't like where we are'   labour leader ed miliband has revealed his childhood dream was to become a london bus conductor.
little matilda fitt was born to 34-year-old hannah fitt nine weeks early in barry, south wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz. she played baby julia poldark in the bbc drama and was treated for pneumonia. matilda was chosen to play to julie, who in the tv show died from putrid throat, because of her small size. she was in and out of hospital for check-ups and tests for months after her birth, and her mother said watching death scene brought tears to her eyes.
photographer jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes. despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters. mr milstein gained access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an accident. black boxes record flight data and conversations between pilots and are important for discovering the cause of a plane's crash.
renee bergeron, 38, photographs children with special needs as superheroes for her superhero project. she dresses them up with capes, goggles, and wands to make them feel like they can do anything. mrs. bergerson's first subject was her own son apollo, who has a feeding tube and has multiple brain surgeries.
st patrick's parish in stephensville, wisconsin has discontinued its original pig rassle tournament after 44 years of the tradition . global conservation group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. it garnered more than 80,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event. the church said the pigs were 'punched in the face, kicked, body-slammed, yelled at and jumped on'    during its 45th annual roundup fundraiser this august, the church will be replaced with a human mud foosball tournament.
lib dem sources admit total of 57 mps will be slashed to 'in the thirties' after a catastrophic collapse in support. party is fighting 'tooth and nail' in fewer than a tenth of westminster seats. nick clegg continues tour of 60 seats where party is defending majorities or hope to make gains.
bonnie suchet was described by her husband as 'the love of my life'   she died on april 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia. john suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter'  he has been extremely open about his wife's diagnosis, writing a book and becoming honorary president of dementia uk charity.
celine bisette, a canadian prostitute, says she wishes other people wouldn't make her feel embarrassed about her job. she insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' and that she actually enjoys working in the sex industry. celine says she started working as a prostitute when she was 19 to pay for college. she says she has a master's degree in sociology and says she's not uneducated.
dzhokhar tsarnaev killed three people and injured 260 others in the april, 2013 bombings. less than 20 per cent of massachusetts residents believe he should be put to death. 63 per cent said he should spend the rest of his life behind bars. tsarnaev is due back in court today for the penalty phase of his trial. his defence team is set to begin presenting their case.
patricia wilnecker, 81, fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall in 1948 and has visited it every year since. she moved to nearby town to be closer to beauty spot and wrote a book about it. but owner roy stevenson accused her of deliberately hitting his son daniel, 36, in her car. she denies the claim and says she can return but needs to say sorry to him first.
unruly passenger allegedly threatened to kill other passengers on flight from red sea city of hurghada. he was removed by an armed officer as the plane was taxiing to the runway. the man allegedly punched a bus door and uttered threats before boarding the plane. passengers were delayed for 40 minutes before the plane departed for manchester.
david cameron was giving a campaign speech when he forgot which football team he supported. the prime minister said he was an aston villa fan - but named west ham instead of the club. he flew over upton park ground in east london on way back from clacton, essex, on friday. mr cameron tried to explain away gaffe by saying he had driven by the ground the day before. he insisted he had been 'overcome by something' - but could not remember the year of the gaffe. pm insists he has been a villa fans 'all his life' and became a fan after watching 1982 european cup final.
1.2 million australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner. 17 per cent will hide their credit card spending, versus 14 per cent of men. one in ten cardholders admit their spending has lead to an argument with a partner . generation y were found to be the least trustworthy of all age groups when it comes to their spending habits. one of three don’t pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase.
brady olson, a teacher at north thurston high school in washington, tackled a 16-year-old student to the ground after he opened fire at the school commons on monday morning. no one was injured after the boy shot twice toward the ceiling in the commons before classes. the boy is in custody at the lacey police station. olson teaches advanced placement government and civics at the high school.
mass cremations have been taking place next to the bagmati river, the waterway which divides kathmandu. with the death toll now standing at more than 4,000, families are desperate to give their loved ones the honourable send-off. the wood necessary to build the pyres has started to run out and is in short supply.
kim kardashian said it was'very disappointing' that president obama did not use the word 'genocide' as he marked the 100th anniversary of the massacre of 1.5 million armenians by ottoman turks. the reality star has used her celebrity to bring awareness to the genocide since at least 2011. kim's armenian heritage comes from her father, the late robert. as a senator and presidential candidate, obama described the killings as genocide. but he has never used the word since taking office.
elizabeth dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer at new cross hospital in wolverhampton in july 2013. doctors at the hospital told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy. but four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her notes with those of other patients. she was wrongly told she needed a double mastectomy and chemotherapy . the mother-of-one was forced to give up her job as a breast cancer care nurse and is now taking legal action. royal w wolverhampton nhs trust has admitted liability for the misdiagnosis and unnecessary surgery.
signatories said they 'would like to see david cameron and george osborne given the chance to finish what they have started'    a labour government would 'jeopardise' the economic recovery, says perfume entrepreneur jo malone. mr cameron launched the conservatives' small business manifesto this morning. aurum solutions withdraws support after claiming its sales director did not sign letter.
charlotte briggs was refused a place at lydgate junior school in sheffield, even though she can see it from her bedroom window. seven-year-old was offered place at shooters grove primary - more than two miles away. her mother lynne, 49, says she must quit her job to get her daughter to school and back every day. she claims it would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit job.
auckland coastguards received a call out to a homemade boat race on sunday. about 5 homemade 'boats' were taking part in an annual fishing event. the vessels included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating subaru car. one vessel capsized outside of the harbour, but no one was injured.
william shatner wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from seattle down to california to transport water. he is planning to run a kickstarter campaign and is hoping to raise $30 billion (£20 billion) to build the pipeline. but the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts. the former captain of the star trek enterprise wants to run the campaign to raise the money. he has revealed the crowdfunding campaign in an interview with yahoo news.
officer said he was appalled by labour peer's note after his superiors forced him to drop inquiries into alleged sex abuse. note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue and invited him to dinner at parliament. leicestershire police officer was 'gutted' after orders to drop case came 'from the very top'    director of public prosecutions alison saunders ruled that the 86-year-old peer should not face prosecution because of his dementia.
at least 65 british climbers and holidaymakers feared missing as death toll reaches 2,500. aftershocks set off a series of avalanches on everest base camp, with tents with climbers still inside. up to 18 people were killed and more than 60 injured in the 7.8-magnitude quake.
jay z launched a string of tweets on sunday defending his music streaming service tidal. the rapper and businessman said that big companies are'spending millions on a smear campaign' against tidal. tidal launched last month but has fallen out of apple's top 750 apps. reports claim that apple is trying to stop tidal's growth by delaying updates for its own music streaming app. jay z paid $56 million for tidal in january and relaunched it in march.
sergeant edwin mee, 46, accused of raping and molesting 11 young women who wanted to join the forces. he is accused of abusing his position of power at army careers centre in croydon. women were aged from 15 to their early twenties and were new to the country. mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault and three counts of rape at southwark crown court.   he has served in war zones in iraq and afghanistan and was medically discharged from the army in 2014.
stars ray liotta, robert de niro, lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance although director scorsese was filming in taiwan. joe pesci, who won an oscar for best supporting actor in 1991 for his turn as tommy devito, didn't show. the film brought the 14th annual tribeca film festival to a close.
baylie lost a stone and a half in eight weeks on a new doggy diet of raw meat, offal and bones. three-and-a-half-year-old black labrador lost the weight of four chihuahuas. his owners margaret and patrick evans from leeds say he's now 'a different dog' after losing weight. baylie had a hip condition and was unable to move properly due to weight.
kristopher hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in bath, somerset, with his girlfriend. he jumped out of a taxi driven by michael young, 56, five years ago. driver mistakenly believed mr hicks was planning to 'do a runner' and decided to drive him back to the rank. but when he objected, driver continued on for almost a mile, driving at 20mph. he suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother. his family took driver to the high court, where a judge ruled he had unlawfully imprisoned his passenger.
the 4,000-year-old ashbrittle yew is thought to be britain's oldest living organism. it is in the churchyard of a church in somerset and is 'looking extremely sick'   but tree expert dr owen johnson said the tree could just be going through a bad patch.
bruce jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on e! starting july 27. his sons burt, brandon and brody and stepdaughter kim kardashian are 'worried' about how much of his journey will be revealed. 'they are warning him to slow down on revealing too much' on the show.
the presence of blue origin, llc, the brainchild of amazon founder jeff bezos, barely registers in nearby van horn, texas, a way station along interstate 10. few visitors are allowed beyond the 'no trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate. spacex elon musk's spacex venture is building a launch site 600 miles away in texas. both men have seemingly unlimited resources. bezos' wealth is estimated at nearly $35 billion and musk is worth $12 billion.
emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text. emoji are popular in the instagram community, with nearly half of captions already featuring the small pictures. instagram has also unveiled three new filters called lark, reyes and juno.
sydney electronic duo the presets published a series of posts on its facebook page after it was announced andrew chan and myuran sukumaran would be executed this week. the band told fans who disagreed with its opinion to 'unfollow us, delete all our music and stop listening to us altogether'   the band is made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes.
lib dem leader sets out £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms. lib dem leader's first of his 'premier league policies' is to block any cut in education spending. party's best hope is to end up with 30-something mps after may 7, compared with the 57 elected in 2010.
mary cowan, 92, taught at george watson's college in edinburgh for 20 years and died in november last year. she asked in her will that £700,000 of her £2million fortune should be left to charity groups. asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name to help poorer pupils at the school. ms cowan never married and lived in ed edinburgh her whole adult life and never had children. she retired from the school in 1981 and passed away in a semi-detached home last year .
jane tipper had been walking her dog molly when the eight-year-old chased a lamb over a cliff in eype, dorset. border terrier survived a 250ft fall, including a 100ft vertical drop, but her owner had no way of reaching her. coastguards searched for four hours but were unable to find her. molly was identified by a dog walker three days after going missing on a remote beach.
daniel williams, from toronto, filmed himself doing everything from making cups and coffee to going to the bathroom. the 90-second video has already attracted three million views since being uploaded to youtube. mr willliams came up with the idea after filming his office job with a gopro.
nearly 1000 bags of the depressant drug kava were seized from a vehicle in katherine, northern territory. four unrestrained children were sitting in the back seat of the unregistered car. a 39-year-old man and a woman were arrested and charged. police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis.
elena klimova, 26, runs children 404 - an online support group for lgbt teenagers. she receives hate mail from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself. she has publicly shamed her trolls by posting their identities online.    she has posted their messages along with photos of each sender to russian equivalent of facebook.
seven-year-old sophia, the daughter of two moms, made a video to explain the baby-making process to other children. the short film was created by the next family, an organisation that supports diverse families. sophia breaks down the issue simply for youngsters by explaining the process.
oscar 'papoo' hernandez jr, 24, pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to the murder of new england patriots star odin lloyd, 25, in april 2013. he shipped his namesake an assault rifle and two handguns in a month before the football player was found guilty of first-degree murder. aaron hern andez was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the semi-professional football player's murder earlier this month. the gun trafficker said he was 'awed' by aaron's fame and 'grateful to be noticed' when he paid him $15,000 for the guns.
maitland local karen newton performed an impromptu rendition of the last post to stranded residents of gillieston heights. five residents of the isolated town were unable to cross the water to attend an anzac day memorial service. ms newton played the bugle call over the water's edge and remembered flood victim anne jarmain. the video has over 5,000 views on facebook.
presidential candidate hillary clinton has launched campaign to be us president. clinton will be 69 when she takes office in january 2017 and will be the second-oldest ever to be president.   clinton is not the only high-profile woman refusing to change gear as she gets older. dame judi dench, anna wintour and mary berry are some of the world's most influential women.
state-of-the-art south glasgow university hospital opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen. snp leader nicola sturgeon said it proves snp's commitment to the nhs. but ukip said the hospital had been funded with english taxpayers' money'shovelled' to holyrood. public funding north of the border is typically 20 per cent higher than in england.
a sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on maroubra beach on november 30, 2014. two boys were playing in the sand when they found a baby's body buried under 30 centimetres of sand. filomena d'alessandro and bill green claim the infant's body in order to give her a funeral. they have named the baby girl lily grace. the baby was discovered by two boys aged six and seven who were playing on the beach. nsw police were going to give the baby a 'destitute burial' but the family have raised enough money to claim the body.
miranda ashley calvin, 19, was arrested by gresham police on sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting 49-year-old jerrie ann hornig and fleeing the scene. police were called to the scene at about 8.30pm on saturday night and found her dead. calvin was arrested on manslaughter, felony hit-and-run and reckless driving.
vincent lamouroux publicly unveiled the project, named 'projections' in la's trendy silver lake neighborhood. the derelict motel has been closed for years and is expected to be torn down and replaced with a new development. it was named bates motel due to its resemblance to the motel in the alfred hitchcock masterpiece 'psycho'
jonathan keats, an experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in massachusetts with his'millennium camera' he intends to mount the camera on a churchless steeple on a college campus. he hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a picture of the western massachusetts mountain range.
nikki, 26, wore a white lace custom gown by claire pettibone. ian, 36, carried his bride down a muddy slope to ensure her dress didn't get dirty.    nikki was previously married to singer-songwriter paul mcdonald.
eva mozes kor, 81, publicly embraced former ss officer oskar groening, 93, in court last week. she called for the prosecutions of former ss officers to end. but her co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in the trial. they said they could not forgive mr groening for his participation in the murders at auschwitz.
scotland's first minister said labour leader had allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by the tories.   snp leader nicola sturgeon called on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder'    she said westminster politicians were in danger of being 'insulting' to scottish voters.
vanessa kennard was suspended in her absence by nursing and midwifery council after failing to turn up at hearing. she was one of three nurses charged with mistreating grant clarke, 45, at rehabilitation unit in kent. father-of-three suffered a brain haemorrhage in may 2012 and was paralysed on his life side. his partner binny moore planted a secret camera in his room to film his treatment. one nurse removed the alarm buzzer from mr clarke's hands and cleaned his feeding tube with a pen. but she told a disciplinary hearing she 'wasn't interested' in the case and was suspended for six months.
survivalists and so-called 'preppers' descended on the salt lake city, utah, suburb of sandy on friday for the nation's first ever preppercon. attendees learned new ways to deal with a zombie apocalypse or natural disaster, learned new methods of storing food and tried out underground bunkers. also met actors from the amc hit show 'the walking dead' and learned about solar-powered flashlights.
broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual, and strength over flexibility. more men are adding yoga to their exercise routines as a cross-training tool for flexibility and recovery time. more gyms are offering classes for men to practice the gentle work-out. broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its 'rugged' approach to yoga.
mark lawson, 44, was at a christmas party at diamond tap public house in newbury, berkshire with colleagues. he was angry when colleagues stole his onion rings from his plate and joked about taking more. he then stabbed colleague simon myers in the leg with a steak knife. lawson was spared jail and sentenced to a six-month prison sentence suspended for a year.
william schultz was arrested sunday afternoon, hours after jordan almgren was stabbed in the neck and declared dead in his home in discovery bay. deputies put out an alert for schultz after he got away in a truck outside the home. the day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz. a nurse who saw media coverage of the case recognized the wanted suspect.
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said labour leader ed miliband would soon ‘change his tune’    mr miliband insisted he would not agree to a ‘confidence and supply’ deal with snp, who could hold the balance of power. but he refused to rule out relying on snp votes to pass key legislation. london mayor boris johnson said there is 'no way miliband could govern except with the help of snp'
willem-alexander's 48th birthday is a public holiday in the netherlands and is marked with a royal procession. king and queen maxima and their three daughters travelled through the city of dordrecht on a royal barge. the royal couple were joined by prince constantijn and his wife laurentien.
amy-beth ellice, 17, from essex started baking at the age of three and published her first cookbook at age 14. amy's baking year is her second cookbook and she plans to launch her own baking products and become a tv chef.   she counts pixie lott and katherine jenkins among her fans and hosts cupcake-making classes in harrods.
more than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for protein world weight loss advert to be pulled. poster features a model in a bikini with the question: 'are you beach body ready'   poster has been put up in a number of london underground stations and has attracted complaints. katie hopkins has waded into the row, dubbing those complaining as 'chubsters' on twitter.
a 7.8-magnitude earthquake hit mount everest base camp on saturday, triggering a massive avalanche. four americans, including google executive dan fredinburg, 33, and dr marisa eve girawong, 29, were killed in the avalanche. more than 60 people were injured in the incident. aftershocks followed the avalanche, with a magnitude-6.6 aftershock and a second aftershock.
the russian vessel oleg naydenov was carrying 1,400 tonnes of fuel oil when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11. it was towed out to sea and sank 15 miles south of gran canaria. three mile long oil slick is threatening tourist spots across the canary islands of tenerife and la gomera. the government has activated an environmental emergency alert and said one beach has been cleared of oil.
pritesh, 36 and mansi gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago but repeatedly lost five babies. mansi fell pregnant in 2007 but the baby was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life. pritesh's sister hiral shah, 32, offered to carry the couple's baby after ivf treatment. hiral underwent ivf and gave birth to a baby boy, krish, three weeks ago after a 20 minute labour.
dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the dharahara tower in kathmandu to take selfies. one rescuer in nepal said those who were taking pictures were not 'understanding the tragedy'   it is unclear how many people were killed in the tower but it was believed to have been filled with tourists. the tower was one of the country's most treasured monuments.
chancellor said he allowed himself one hour a week to watch the hit bbc series during election campaign. mr osborne confessed to a crush on its female lead character demelza, played by eleanor tomlinson. he said the television show was a 'fantastic advert for britain' and cornwall.
hannah wilson, 22, was found dead after leaving a bar in bloomington, indiana, on friday morning. her body was found in rural brown county and daniel messel, 49, has been arrested on suspicion of her murder. her friends said she was last seen at the same bar where lauren spierer vanished in 2011. circumstances of her disappearance are 'eerily similar' to the case of the 20-year-old student. messel was arrested hours later and has been charged with wilson's murder.
mark hawkins, 49, barricaded himself inside greyhound-style bus in parking lot of a walmart in salem, oregon. he was wanted in lane county for failing to appear on a charge of delivery of a controlled substance. hawkins allegedly fired a weapon from front of vehicle, which struck police dog baco in the head. swat officers and police fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas at the bus, but to no avail. at around 6.30pm, hawkins was shot nine times by police officers, and later died in hospital.
researchers at the swiss federal institute of technology in zurich say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming. they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher, humans will be responsible for 40 per cent of extreme rainfall events. the scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that are most responsive to human influence.
at least five tornadoes were spotted across north and central texas sunday evening as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region. the storm started in comanche county, texas and moved northeast towards the dallas/fort worth area. more than five tornados were reported in the region, including a mile-wide tornado over rio vista. high winds over 70 mph and hail the size of golf balls and baseballs were also reported. nearly two dozen counties were on tornado watch sunday night, with the storm system expected to die out by monday.
president obama reportedly granted cia a waiver exempting the spy agency from providing proof of imminent threat to the us ahead of drone strikes. obama's decision could have delayed or even prevented the death of two hostages killed in a botched drone strike in january. dr warren weinstein, a 73-year-old economic adviser from the us, and italian aid worker giovanni lo porto were killed in the attack. the drone strike could have been postponed or prevented if obama had not relaxed the rules on drone policy.
labour leader will insist he offers a 'clear, credible and concrete plan on immigration - not false promises'   but his own shadow home secretary yvette cooper refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration. during labour's 13 years in power, net migration rose by 3.6million.
ecologists euan ritchie and jen martin's crowdfunding page received a pledge for over $2 billion. within an hour the donation to a kangaroo preservation project vanished. the couple launched the page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area. they still hope to reach their goal of $15,000. the website pozible has attempted to track down the mystery pledger.
paul and laura elliott married at the virgin money london marathon on sunday. paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago. the couple have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory. they ran the first half of the marathon separately before finishing together.
animal welfare charity wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app handy to offer cat fostering service. charity says the presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind can scare away rodents. the service is only available in london and is available through the handy smartphone app.
researchers from university of vienna found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing. researchers photographed faces and recorded voices of 42 women with average age of 24. those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too, according to study.
tyrone sevilla hand delivered a poster to immigration minister peter dutton's office on monday begging to stay in australia. the 10-year-old autistic boy has lived in the country with his mother maria for eight years. their visa expires today and they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the philippines. the immigration department rejected maria's visa application 28 days ago because her son's autism would be a 'burden' on the health system.
new zealand prime minister john key said sorry to waitress amanda bailey, 26, after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for touching her hair at work. mr key was forced to apologise to a waitress for pulling her hair while she was working at a cafe in auckland. reddit users have started tracking down old pictures and videos of him pulling other young girls' ponytails. key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised to the waitress.
reality tv star, 24, is face of very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. models ibiza-inspired swimwear and sun dresses. recently starred in made in chelsea fitness dvd. describes her perfect summer as'sun, tan and chilling'   she will be returning to e4 show in the coming weeks.
more than two dozen babies born to surrogate mothers for gay israeli couples are being airlifted out of nepal to safety. infants - some of whom were prematurely born - were evacuated from the country on monday following saturday's devastating earthquake. several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to israel on emergency rescue aircraft. israel told afp that it planned to airlift 25 babies recently born to surrogates out of the country this week. many male couples have traveled to capital of kathmandu to father children with the help of surrogate mothers.
tv presenter said her sister, debbie, had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after 7.9-magnitude quake. she said her life may have been saved because she had altitude sickness and stopped off to recover. debbie had not yet reached everest base camp because she was ill and had stopped to recover . more than 4,000 people were killed when the quake struck nepal on saturday.
cassandra fortin has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at connecticut children's medical center for hodgkin's lymphoma, which she was diagnosed with in september. she was discharged from hospital on monday and said she was 'happy' to be heading back to her hartford home after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life. the 17-year-old was originally diagnosed with the cancer but did not want to receive the recommended treatment. she and her mother initially said they wanted to explore natural alternatives. but in january a court rules cassandra could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough and the state's department
kris jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a beverly hills gym on monday. close family friend kathie lee gifford said on today's nbc that she didn't know bruce's secret and is still 'trying to get her act together'   she said she was shocked by the news and had a long conversation with bruce before his tv tell-all.
isobel attwood has not made contact with her family since leaving her home in winchester, hampshire. the 16-year-old is believed to be in southampton with a man in his 20s. police are concerned for her welfare and believe she could be in the winchester or southampton.
bereaved mother, named dawn, was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused her friend jamie of stealing the money. she was going to spend the money on a £500 grave stone for her children. jamie, a convicted burglar, was found to be lying after taking a lie detector test. dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was furious to discover her friend had stolen from her.
dr xiao-ping zhai says she has used traditional chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant. she runs a fertility clinic in london's famous private medical haven harley street. dr zhai prescribes a bespoke combination of chinese herbs and vitamins to help conceive. one in seven couples suffer with infertility and many turn to alternative therapies.
the keshwa chaca spans the apurimac river near huinchiri, peru, and is the last inca rope bridge in the andes. local villagers rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their inca ancestors. it takes three days to rebuild the 90ft long bridge, which has been there for 500 years.
bruce jenner's first wife chrystie crownover told gma on monday that she watched her ex-husband's abc diane sawyer interview with bruce and their children on friday night. the olympic decathlete revealed he identified as a woman during a prime time interview. bruce, 65, married his college sweetheart and daughter of a mormon minister in 1972. she has known for more than 43 years that bruce believes he is a woman and has kept his secret.
john goodwin, 75, shot himself outside of rockingham county superior courthouse in brentwood on friday morning. he was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries. goodwin was accused of repeatedly sexually assaulting an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005. the jury was not aware of what happened outside the courthouse when they declared a mistrial.
the 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after her blue vauxhall corsa collided with railings. she was waiting from an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia, in hulme, manchester. thief sneaked into her car and stole the black garmin device from underneath the passenger seat. a member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene with his dog.
gel contains platelet-rich plasma - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. u.s. researchers are testing it as a dressing for burns. sometimes used to treat tendon injuries and for cosmetic procedures. could also act as a barrier against infection and stop wounds getting worse.
ian pettigrew, 46, from ontario, canada, was working on his book of portraits, just breathe: adults with cystic fibrosis. he photographed 56 adult women living with the genetic disease to bring hope to children and teens diagnosed with the disease. his second book, salty girls, aims to bring awareness to the disease, which has no known cure.
craig, 54, is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer, which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body. 80 per cent of men having hormone therapy will suffer hot flushes. craig was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012 and is now well. but he still suffers from the side-effect of hot sweats.
tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary of anzac day. from pulling faces to complaining about waking up early for dawn service, people have posted photos to commemorate the day. some people misspelt hashtags while others posted inappropriate or disrespectful captions.
the princess, 26, opened a new classroom at the maple hayes school of dyslexia in litchfield, staffordshire. it is her second official visit in less than four days and comes after trips to bahrain and florence in the last week. she was criticised for going on 14 trips in just six months.
1,000ft of land has emerged along coastline of shiretoko peninsula near rausu, on hokkaido island. geologists believe it is a result of a landslide nearby. local residents say they felt no tremors overnight, or heard any sounds. the land mass measures 1,000- 1,640ft long and 100ft wide.
loretta lynch was sworn in as the 83rd u.s. attorney general on monday. she replaces eric holder, who left the job friday after six years as attorney general. lynch is the first african-american woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official. vice president joe biden administered the oath of office at a justice department ceremony. 'we can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them'
friends of deputy prime minister say he will quit as leader if lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps. mr clegg insists he will fight for his job 'in all circumstances' and is 'optimistic about the prospects of the party. business secretary vince cable says he hopes to be made chancellor if lib dems form another coalition with conservatives.
james staring, a london-based personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat. avoids white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise. writes a food diary and does short bursts of high intensity exercise to burn away the weight.
meteorologists say residents of new south wales are being warned to brace for more floods and damage with another storm predicted to hit later this week. an east coast low – the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week – could hit the region. the state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed. ses spokeswoman stephanie wills says the organisation is concerned that more storms will hamper clean-up efforts.
poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliffhanger. fans took to twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms' less than 12 hours after the finale. second series of poldark is due to start filming this autumn. but fans say they have nothing to look forward to now the show is over.
original version of nissan note mk1 named the most uncomfortable car in poll of more than 60,000 drivers. poll of 61,000 motorists found it has a score of just 80 per cent of the vote. hyundai i20 mk1 and fiat panda mk2 were named second and third most uncomfortable cars. lexus has five models in the top ten most comfortable cars in britain, with gs mark 2 and mg3.
rose mcgrath was dismissed from st joseph middle school in battle creek, michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards. rose is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments, which started in 2012. she has missed several days of school because of the recovery process. rose's mother says her daughter isn't skipping out of school 'to have fun' but that she has to miss school because she doesn't feel well. the school has invited rose back but she will attend a public school for now.
christopher nathan may, 50, is accused of killing tracey woodford, 47, after her body was discovered at a flat in pontypridd, south wales on friday. ms woodford's body was found with'massive injuries' and was missing for three days. may is charged with murder and remanded in custody at merthyr tydfil magistrates.
the st ivan rilski church is the only remaining evidence of the community of zapalnya, bulgaria, where residents were forced to leave their homes in the 1960s. it is at the zhrebchevo reservoir, near the town of tvardica, where the town was submerged in 1965. the crumbling stone structure is the only remaining evidence of the town and surrounding area.
audrey hepburn voted the most stylish brit of all time in poll of 2000 people. princess diana came second and david beckham came third in the poll. royal family and the beckhams came in at number three and four in the top ten.    royal family, kate middleton, queen elizabeth i and twiggy came fourth and fifth in the style stakes. hot pants were voted number one for women and ponytails for men.
tim ward and his wife of 38 years, brandy, were killed in the mudslide in oso, washington, on march 22, 2014. her husband tim was buried under 25 feet of mud and broke his pelvis. he has spent the past year trying to pay his mortgage. was told he did not have 'landslide insurance' and did not qualify for payment. anonymous donor has now donated $360,000 to pay for the mortgage.
broadcasters are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the fm chips within smartphones. nearly two thirds of smartphones do not have the feature activated. this includes apple’s iphones, samsung’'s galaxy phones and lg phones. the radio industry is calling for this to change with the rise of digital radio. norway has announced it will be the first country in the world to switch off its fm radio signal.
lydia bright met labour leader ed miliband as part of the 'useyourvoice' campaign encouraging young people to vote. reality tv star said mr miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders in a game of'snog, marry or avoid'    she interviewed the labour leader aspart of a campaign to encourage youngsters to vote in the general election.
engineers at the dfki robotics centre describe the eossc2 as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' and plan on enabling it to drive itself. concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, to park itself. it is currently being tested in the cities of bremen and dalian, china. the car has a top speed of 40mph (65 km/h) and is designed to connect to others to form a train.
palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of features. it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs, but was a vegetarian. the dinosaur from the late jurassic period, around 145 million years ago, grazed on plants. it has a small skull and feet, which are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs.
millionaire gary lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers. the egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as pharaoh's palace, is on seven secluded acres in tampa, florida. but he has been found in violation of county zoning codes over noisey private functions held at the property. the property was home to pharaoh's daughters, a school for strippers .
andrew chan has married his girlfriend of three years, febyanti herewila. the pair wed inside the chapel at besi prison on nusakambangan island on monday. chan and myuran sukumaran are set to be executed by firing squad on wednesday morning. this comes just months after the bali nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend in february. on sunday chan's final wish to spend his last days at church with his family was granted.
kim richards was arrested at the beverly hills hotel on april 16 after a night out drinking. the reality star claims she was drunk when she drove to the hotel after drinking a large glass of vodka at her daughter brooke's house. she says she pulled in to the polo lounge at the hotel because she felt the alcohol kick in and didn't want to drive home. she was arrested after a row with the maître d' at the bar and refused to go to the bathroom. richards is now in rehab and told dr phil mcgraw that she was 'angry and frightened'
the 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor of a parmelia hotel in perth at about 1am on monday. he suffered a broken leg and internal injuries. the man has been taken to royal perth hospital with non-life threatening injuries. he landed in the shallow end of the pool in an estimate 1.3 metres of water. guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from a us naval ship.
rhiannon wilkinson, head of wycombe abbey in buckinghamshire, claims a 'boy free' environment allows teenage girls to focus on their work. she said a single sex boarding school allows girls to'remain girls for longer'   girls are known to mature slower than boys and are held back by the opposite sex. tony little, head at eton college, has previously spoken of the benefits of single sex schools.
ashley arenson said boyfriend dan fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special. google engineer and arkansas-native was one of four americans confirmed to have died at mount everest. she said he wanted to return to the mountain following the avalanche last year.   he had been travelling frequently as part of the google adventures team mapping out extreme routes around the world.
special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh of livonia, michigan, died sunday after being found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story. he and 32-year-old special warfare operator seth cody lewis of queens, new york, were found on friday. both served in the u.s. marine corps before joining the navy.
he rarely ever publicly criticizes his successor, barack obama, but spoke at a closed-door meeting with jewish donors in las vegas on saturday night. former leader suggested that obama's plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible - and comes too early. he noted that the iranian government and president hassan rouhani appear to be caving in. bush also implied obama has failed to keep his promises and is losing the war against isis.
isa richardson, 46, was a well-known beggar in maidstone, kent, who has a history of begging. she was ordered to pay the youngster £20 after intimidating her into handing over her last 15p. the frightened youngster was confronted by homeless isa    she claimed she needed money because her car had broken down. the schoolgirl told police she felt intimidated and believed she had no choice but to hand over the money.
ukip leader said his party is now the'serious challenger' to labour in northern seats. accused the party of making claims ukip is racist because it is 'running scared'   mr farage called on conservative supporters to vote tactically to help beat labour in its target seats.   he accused labour of'sneering' at people who raised issues about immigration.
jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons. she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours' sleep a night. we reveal how to get the same toned arms as jennifer lopez.
karen bell, 42, from hull, east yorkshire, met man on dating website plenty of fish and exchanged flirty texts. she threatened to post videos of their sex trysts online if he did not pay her £25. bell, a mother, claimed her son had secretly filmed the trysts. she was jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail at hull crown court.
john lord, 86, went missing from his home on april 6 less than a week after his beloved wife june, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain. he left a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her. his body was found in the river trent, nottinghamshire police confirmed today.
buy and keep launched in april 2014 for sky+hd subscribers but it is now available to everyone in the uk and ireland. it lets people stream movies straight to their tv, or to their mobiles using an app. films can also be watched across multiple devices using a 'follow me' function. new releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99.
pat senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton, greater manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years. she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding £17,000 a year. grandmother-of-four takes in dogs from as far afield as romania and hungary. mrs senior and her businessman husband charles currently have 19 dogs in their care. she left behind her career as a singer to look after the animals after a chance encounter with a stray dog.
aussie filmmaker kieran murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series of videos. he asked americans to attempt the australian accent by saying 'g'day mate'   the filmmaker spent months travelling across the us and documented his interactions with locals. one man insisted murray was saying 'get out of my nightgown'
conditions this week are set to be average for april, with showers and temperatures barely in double figures for most of the uk. sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from pennines northwards, and ice warning for north-east scotland. mercury is expected to fall as low as -5c (23f) - less than a fortnight after it breached the 25c mark. more than 38,000 marathon runners in london yesterday were caught on the brink of the cold front.
poland authorities said last week they would ban entry to the night wolves. leaders called their plans to ride through poland for a world war ii memorial ride a 'provocation'   poland is extremely critical of russia's actions in ukraine and is disturbed by the bikers. many poles view the pro-putin bikers with suspicion because they have rallied against the ukrainian government and celebrated annexation of crimea.
senior writer for the australian financial review geoff winestock has spoken out in support of sbs journalist scott mcintyre. journalist was fired on sunday over his controversial anzac day tweets.    the football reporter accused anzacs of being 'racist yobs' and accused diggers of committing war crimes. mr winestocks said he hoped 'in 50 years no soldiers around to honour'   michael ebeid, sbs's managing director, was quick to distance the national broadcaster from the journalist's comments.
the america's next top model hosted the 42nd annual daytime emmy awards in burbank, california. matt lauer and ellen degeneres started the show in a pre-taped bit. matt pledged to donate $1,000 to each winner who thanked him in their acceptance speech. betty white was honoured with a lifetime achievement award.
betheny coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday. doctors warned being pregnant could have placed a fatal strain on her heart. but she defied medical predictions and now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children. miss coyne was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta, which caused her to need open heart surgery three times as a baby. fearing her heart is like a 'ticking time bomb', she is getting married in february next year.
toxicology results released monday show linden, new jersey police officer pedro abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month. tests show officer abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24; the legal alcohol limit in new york is 0.08. abad and fellow officer patrik kudlac were critically injured in the wrong-way crash that killed another officer and a friend. officer frank viggiano and friend joe rodriguez were killed in the crash on staten island. just hours before the crash, abad posted a photo of three whiskey shots to his instagram page.
nasa scientists in california have revealed an interactive 3d map for vesta using images from the dawn spacecraft. the map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons'    vesta trek, the interactive programme lets you explore massive craters on the body - which has no atmosphere. you can draw lines on the asteroid to see elevation levels, place a pin to see how the angle of the sun changes. and a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using the arrow keys.
colin pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls in narborough, leicestershire. he strangled 15-year-old lynda mann to death after raping her on a footpath in 1983. three years later he raped and killed dawn ashworth, also 15. he was the first man to be convicted on the basis of dna evidence after being caught two years later. pitchfork's minimum sentence was cut to 28 years in 2009 and he was due to be released next year. the parole board is now reviewing his suitability for release after a review of his case.
mitchell keenan, 32, was forced to live in a tent with his father keith, 62, after being evicted from his home. he was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago after his sister discovered his blackened toes. mr keenan had to have all of his toes amputated after being diagnosed with the disease.
prince harry will not be able to meet new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid may. duchess of cambridge is now several days overdue for the birth of her second child. harry is on a month-long placement with the army in australia and will fly out tonight. he will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival. he returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the london marathon.
3aw host john burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called richmond's bachar houli a 'terrorist'    mr burns said he doesn't recall making the comment and is'mortified' by the allegation. he apologised unreservedly to the people at the game and the richmond football club.   he was at a club function at the mcg on friday night during the tigers' match against melbourne. mr burn said a friend sitting with him also didn't recall the comment being made.
media executives say that information leaked from nbc investigation into anchor brian williams was designed to make the disgraced newsman resign. committee investigating the anchor found that he lied about his reporting at least 11 times. the information was given to the press to make him negotiate an exit from his network, according to media executives. willliams was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly lied about being on a military helicopter in iraq. he has up to a $50million contract.
comedian tamale rocks was performing at chicago bar cigars and stripes when she discovered the two-way mirror in the women's restroom. she filmed a video of the mirror and opened the door to find a cleaning closet on the other side. bar owner ronnie lottz said the bar has had the mirror since 2001 and has no plans to get rid of it. he said the mirror was initially set up as part of a halloween prank in 2001.
eben kaneshiro, 35, was charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy. he was found dead in his cell atdeschutes county adult jail on sunday morning. paramedics were unable to revive him. authorities believe he hanged himself in his jail cell . new breed jiu-jitsu, the portland martial arts gym that he owned, is now closed.
tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers after appeal by exams watchdog. ofqual found one in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework, dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy. unethical techniques emerged at teacher ethics in assessment symposium at oxford university.
inspectors in welshpool and llandrindod wells accused of being reluctant to issue tickets for parking offences. powys county council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even. investigation carried out by officials from powys council to find out why council is losing money.
man in his 50s was thrown off his motorbike when he was hit by a car at a busy junction in east china. his brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry. the man, named as mr zhang, was taken to hospital but later died from his injuries. driver of the silver car that sped away from the scene is being investigated by police.
a petition has been launched asking for samantha armytage to apologise for a comment made on-air last month. she congratulated lucy on 'getting her dad's fair skin'    the 37-year-old made the comment while interviewing non-identical twins from the uk.   seven and sunrise vehemently deny the claims of the petition, saying she was 'taking a dig at herself'
spitfire p9374 was among the first built in march 1940 but never made it to the battle of britain as it crash-landed over dunkirk in may 1940. it was once flown by airman involved in the great escape but was captured by the nazis. the fighter plane was being piloted by flying officer peter cazenove when it was hit by a single bullet. the plane was consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for 40 years. in 1980 the wreckage was discovered and bought by american billionaire philanthropist thomas kaplan after it was discovered.
naunihal singh, 54, woke up daughter-in-law’s father ujjal singh, 63, and slashed him with a kitchen knife. attack in crumpsall, manchester, came after heated argument over the couple's lack of children. naunihals accused his son yawinder-pal'monty' of 'firing blanks'    he was jailed at manchester crown court for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder.
sabine smouha's husband bought the £2,000 tote bag as a 50th birthday gift for her. it was made from the skin of a nile crocodile, a protected species of animal. but border force confiscated it because it did not have the required endangered species permit.    border force refused to return it to hampstead woman, who said she was'very sad to lose her present' after two-year battle at royal courts of justice.
cleveland cavaliers forward kevin love was injured in the first quarter of the cavaliers' 101-93 victory over the boston celtics on sunday. love dislocated his left shoulder after being dragged by the arm by opponent kelly olynyk. love has been openly critical of his opponent for what he called a 'bush-league' play.
cremated human bones were found at the side of the historic river walbrook, in london. seven skulls were found packed neatly into a cooking pot at london crossrail site near liverpool street station. experts are questioning whether they could be the remains of boudicca's rebels. scientific tests are continuing on the cremated remains to confirm whether they were part of a ritual.
border collies ace and holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act with their owner and trainer dai aoki. the pooches stood up on their hind legs on top of each other to perform the trick. aoki is a dog trainer and owner of positive dog care company.
furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at ickworth house in suffolk earlier this year. national trust said the beanbag experiment was designed to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in the atmosphere'    it has emerged that similar experiments will take place at nine other of its venues around the country.
of those who do spot hedgehogs only a quarter see them frequently, according to wildlife survey. there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehog living in this country today. part of the reason is the widespread loss of the traditional hedgerows that used to line every country road.
alton hines was waiting for his fiancé, 33-year-old leah o'brien at her home when he found out she was killed in a car crash. o' brien was driving to chaperone the lakeside high school prom when her car was hit by a car carrying two students on their way to the dance. driving the dodge charger that killed the beloved teacher was ramiro pedemonte, 19, who was charged with homicide, reckless driving, and serious injury by motor vehicle. police say ped lemonte was going over 100 mph when he hit the mother-of-two and her 8-year old daughter, kori, was in the
cody knecht, of st. tammany fire district in louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards. it took 90 minutes to catch the first four ducklings. all six ducklings were reunited with their mother on saturday at their home.
spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date. it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide insights into dark matter. the map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side.
some 1,000 carved moai statues of easter island, or rapa nui, line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island. physicists believe that the hats, or 'pukao', were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures' heads. they are made of red stone and are thought to have been worn by the people of the island. experts at the university of oregon believe the rolling of the stones would have been relatively easy.
brenda finn, 30, was diagnosed with alopecia universalis at the age of 14 after her body hair and fingernails fell out. she was bullied at school for wearing a wig and was forced to leave school. she suffered from crippling anxiety and depression after losing her hair. she says having eyebrows tattooed on has given her the confidence to face the world again. miss finn is calling for medical tattooing to become available on the nhs, as it could have saved her years of emotional pain.
steve ells, the company's co-ceo and founder, has said 'it's relatively easy for us to have all non-gmo ingredients' rice, meat marinades, chips, salsa, and tortillas will not be made with gmos. the move marks chipotle as the first gmo-free national fast food chain. ells said the company has 68 total ingredients and another company's burrito features upwards of 80.
selena dicker, 38, from london, was at the same camp on april 18 last year when avalanche killed 16 sherpas. she was in the same climbing party as google executive dan fredinburg, who died in avalanche. miss dicker described how she ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through base camp.
lib dem stephen gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in cornwall. he joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photo online of his bloodied hand. lib dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 mps on may 7. nick clegg continued his tour of 60 seats where the lib dems are defending majorities.
marcus yensen, 95, and his wife madelyn, 94, of salt lake city, died within hours of each other on april 7. madelyn died after suffering a seizure at her husband's bedside . the couple married on october 17, 1940, only a month after they met. they had been married for 74 years.
elle macpherson, 51, carries around a ph balance urine tester kit to check her state of alkaline.   she has been labeled 'the body' since the 1980s and is known for her healthy diet. she turned 51 last month and has her own superfood brand, super elixir.
jemma gawned appeared on the first australian series of big brother in 2001. the 40-year-old now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called naked treaties. she says the secret to her success is'spreading the vibration of love through food'   she tried to run jemma cosmetics for ten years but hit financial trouble and had to fold. the entrepreneur also opened up about her time on the show and how she was portrayed.
bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the indonesian firing squad. artist ben quilty said the australian will not cover his eyes. chan and andrew chan will be executed after midnight local time on wednesday. the families have received notice they will be required to make their final goodbyes to the pair. both refused to sign their execution warrants when they were given 72 hours notice of their deaths.
ruth bader ginsburg, 82, is one of four liberal-voting justices on the supreme court. she has spoken out in favour of same sex marriage and even officiated at a gay marriage ceremony.    she has referred to the american public becoming more accepting of gay rights in general. she will be part of a decision on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex marriage. arguments in the case of obergefell v. hodges will be heard from tomorrow and decision is expected this summer.
david curry, 49, was asked to leave the wallow wetherspoon pub in blyth, northumberland, for a family breakfast. he was told to leave because he was wearing a pair of £40 adidas trousers. mr curry had travelled ten miles from home to visit the pub with his wife and stepdaughter. the pub chain has apologised but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013.
sierra pippen, 20, was charged with public urination and public intoxication at a sheraton hotel in iowa city. she was arrested on april 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with hotel security. police were called to the hotel at 1.30am on sunday and found her smelling of alcohol and showing signs of intoxication. sierra is the daughter of former nba basketball player and basketball hall of famer scottie.
greystone park psychiatric center, in new jersey, was built to house mentally ill patients. opened in 1876 and became one of the largest asylums in the us, housing 7,500 patients. it became known for the high number of patients who committed suicide and were raped. the building has been left to fall into disarray and is being demolished. but preservationists are battling to save it and claim the building should be turned into a museum and housing.
the tech giant is now under pressure by top cops to turn off the traffic app's police-tracking function. ismaaiyl brinsley, 28, killed two nypd police officers. he was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police. several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement. waze app allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles and accidents. google acquired waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion and has 50million users in 200 countries.
health experts have compared ancient nights out to modern drinking spots. mark bellis is a professor of public health at bangor university. he is giving a talk on the history of binge drinking at a nightlife conference in las vegas. he says modern authorities should take a lead from ancient civilisations.
sharon smith, 43, from halesowen, west midlands, was a bulky size 26 and weighed 18st 6lb at her heaviest. she was forced to stand for 11-hour flight because she was too big to fit in the seat next to her. sharon's weight was down to to commuting to london for her job as a clothes designer. she decided to take up running and lost four-and-a-half stone and is now a healthy 9st 9lb.
sir frank kitson, who is 88, is accused in the case of patrick eugene heenan, a catholic killed by loyalists in 1973. it is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the troubles. sir frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in northern ireland at the time.
j. j. giordano, 41-year-old photo editor for baltimore's city paper, was allegedly beaten by police saturday night as he covered protests over the death of freddie gray. he says police'swarmed over' him and pushed him to the ground after a protester threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer's shield. the photographer says he suffered minor injuries to his arm but says he will continue to photograph the protests. another protester was arrested after the incident but later released as police knew he was a journalist.
the orchid has evolved a so-called lip - a large and irregular modified petal - to attract insects. researchers from national chung hsing university in taiwan found its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins. they converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the l and sp proteins. orchids are unique among floral plants and have three petals and a lip. lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them.
by 2030 up to 170 million hectares (420 million acres) of forest - equivalent to the combined size of germany, france, spain and portugal - could be lost in just 11 hotspots. research by wildlife charity the wwf identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur. the areas are the amazon, the atlantic forest and gran chaco, the cerrado and eastern australia. they are being lost to expanding agriculture, including livestock farming, palm oil plantations and soy production.
poppy smart complained to police after accusing builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling at her on her way to work. marketing co-ordinator, 23, said men at a construction site in worcester city centre whistled at her for a month. she compared the behaviour to racial discrimination and said it made her walk to work 'awful'   she recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone's video function and contacted the building company and police. west mercia police followed up miss smart's complaint as possible incident of anti-social behaviour.
nicola bonn, 34, from london, started a blog called upfront mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising poppy, 14 months. wanted to share all the things that she had learnt about motherhood. many of her posts have gone viral and her blog posts are very candid. says she's spent too much time explaining herself and apologising for her decisions.
undersheriff tim albin, of the tulsa county sheriff's office in oklahoma, quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated reserve deputy robert bates, 73. bates accidentally shot dead eric harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground. he mistakenly thought he was holding a taser, not his handgun, and said it was an accident. other deputies in the department had expressed concern about bates' fitness to serve.
the 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized at a major port in chonburi province in eastern thailand. the shipment was bound for laos and was shipped out of kenya on march 24. bust came one week after thai customs officials seized four tons of ivory from congo in the nation's biggest ever bust.
jeremy clarkson and top gear presenters were on the brink of a lucrative new three-year deal with bbc. but offer was taken away after clarkon's infamous 'fracas' with producer oisin tymon. james may revealed he had ordered a £200,000 ferrari 458 speciale while the contract was still being finalised. he and richard hammond and jeremy had planned to quit 'with dignity' after the deal was signed. but clarks on was sensationally sacked by bbc last month after punching tymon in a rage over a meal.
the castle star wed business consultant kris brkljac over the weekend in a private family monastery on the dalmatian coast. the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the 37-year-old actress's 37th birthday. she was often rumoured to be dating her castle co-star nathan fillion, who she married on the show.
rifaat al-assad, 77, went into exile after staging a failed coup against his brother in 1984. he was kicked out of syria 'with nothing' and spent 30 years living a life of luxury in europe. activists say he stole money from the country while operating at the heart of the regime.    he has vehemently denied acquiring assets in france through illegal means. his son says his father has received funds since 1984 from'states, leaders and friends abroad'
yves van de ven, 37, posted a picture of him'missing' the top of the eiffel tower on a trip to paris. the belgian food blogger asked users to help improve his photo on photo-sharing site 4chan. since then over 100 photoshopped versions of the picture have gone viral. he wanted to poke fun at the typical tourist pictures with famous landmarks.
victoria, 41, wore £1,500 alaïa boots to cheer on son romeo, 12, at the london marathon. she wore skyscraper heels with skinny jeans and leather jacket. the star has worn the boots on a number of occasions recently.
ellen gallant, a cardiologist from utah was on everest when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck on saturday. she watched a 25-year-old sherpa die from his injuries on the mountain. up to 100 us citizens are still missing following the disaster and at least 3,300 people were killed. four us citizens who were on mount everest are confirmed to have died.
mp passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation. but it was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and passed to leicestershire police. labour mp simon danczuk is calling for the home office to 'come clean' over the dossier. director of public prosecutions alison saunders earlier said lord janner could face 22 charges.
harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time. scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live. it reveals how taste buds have different cells that are used to differentiate between the five basic flavours. the researchers used a microscope system to image single cells on the tongue of a mouse. there are more than 2,000 taste buds that can distinguish at least five tastes.
while the countdown is on for andrew chan and myuran sukumaran's execution, many are still holding a glimmer of hope. over 300 people gathered at sydney harbour for a candlelight vigil for the condemned duo. the two men are set to be executed just after the stroke of midnight on wednesday. brisbane, melbourne and perth also saw nation-wide vigils held to show solidarity for the duo.
two-year-old landen martin was struck and killed on sunday as his uncle joshua saunders, 19, was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville, georgia home.    martin ran behind the vehicle and was struck by a 1978 chevrolet k10 he was driving. after the accident,   saunders got out the car and saw what happened but left the scene. he was arrested on charges including dui, reckless driving, leaving the scene of accident and vehicular homicide.
christianne shepherd, seven, and her brother robert, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning in corfu in october 2006.    their father, neil shepherd, and his girlfriend ruth beatson, were also almost killed by the fumes. the family were staying at the four-star corcyra beach hotel with their father and his family. the children's mother, sharon wood, 44, sat in silence as details of the tragedy were outlined at an inquest.
brisbane man has forked out nearly $4000 for a written message in the sky. the aerial apology was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses on monday afternoon. the message was written by rob vance, of skywriting services australia. the author and recipient of the message remain a mystery.
texas a&m, galveston, professor irwin horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them. he claimed that he had seen cheating in class and was called a 'f****** moron' to his face and heard false rumors about himself and other students. he sent a similar email to administrators and said he would not teach the class again. the university has said that horwitz's wishes to fail the entire class will not hold.
model agencies are adding 'influencer' and 'blogger' divisions to their models' portfolios.    'insta-fame' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs. clients expect models to have between 10,000 and 300,000 followers on instagram. chic management and vivien's models have introduced an 'influence' section to accommodate client demand.
derek murray, a university of alberta law student, accidentally left his headlights on all day. when he returned to his car, he found a note from a stranger to help him get his car started. derek snapped a photo of the note for facebook and it has since gone viral. the good samaritan left an extension cord and battery charger for derek to use to start his car.
virginia trimble ritter's daughter, marcia, was raped and choked to death by jerome sydney barrett in 1975. marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared. her then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos. but last year she finally asked to see them and now says she wants revenge.
lu xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day. he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself. she suffers from alzheimer's and used to get lost when left alone. he ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure she doesn't fall off.
marie teresa ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges at nursing and midwifery council hearing. she worked at furness general hospital in cumbria and accepted her mistakes 'contributed' to the deaths of two babies. ms ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit hospital. she did not show up at fitness to practise hearing and did not send a lawyer in her place. independent investigation found failures at the hospital led to the avoidable deaths of 11 babies and one mother.
leo greene, 39, of salt lake city was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police at 3am on monday. he drove off and crashed through two fences at the salt lakecity international airport. greene then sprinted from police onto a runway and was arrested. he faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
jef rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she wore her rainbow spaghetti-strap sundress to school in houston, texas. teachers said the dress violated the dress code. the father said he won't stop his daughter from wearing the dress again in the future.
snp leader nicola sturgeon insisted she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament. vowed to use influence of dozens of mps to get her way for five years without voting down government. ed miliband will 'have to reflect how people have voted' and 'compromise with others'   snp leader has made clear she would act to 'lock' the tories out of power and prop up a labour government. new opinion poll puts snp on 54 per cent, up two points on two weeks ago, with labour down to 22 per cent.
michael churton from new york, was with four colleagues at the mount everest base camp, 17,500ft up, when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. the 38-year-old filmmaker suffered facial injuries and was almost buried alive. he told his group to get down just before the avalanche hit. at least 17 people were killed and at least 20 are still unaccounted for on the mountain.
keri davies said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing. veteran scriptwriter for radio 4 drama said keeping a bed in the studio is essential for realistic sex scenes. added that parties in the fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations.
taya kyle told abc's robin roberts she gathered her son, colton and daughter, mckenna and prepared to tell them. chris kyle was shot dead by fellow marine eddie ray routh in february of 2013.   he was found guilty of capital murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . taya has given an interview to 20/20 about her life since her husband's death.
ronald jebson, who was responsible for the 'babes in the woods' murders in 1970, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago. his final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out 11 days after he died. in 2000 he confessed his part in the deaths of friends gary hanlon, 12, and susan blatchford, 11, and eight-year-old rosemary papper.
businessman tony toutouni, 42, has amassed 750,000 followers on the photo-sharing website in eight months. he is threatening to take the crown of king of instagram crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy dan bilzerian. the entrepreneur has a huge collection of supercars and private jets. he admits 'it's not that hard to get any girl you want' on the site.
andrew silicani, 23, of cheyenne pleaded guilty on monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire a hit man to kill his mother and stepfather. he faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer.   he was serving a five to seven-year sentence at the state penitentiary for conspiracy to commit robbery.
u.s. secretary of state john kerry and iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif met monday for the first time since world powers and iran sealed a framework agreement on april 2 that would limit iran's ability to build a nuclear weapon. they now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of june 30 to sign a comprehensive accord. the obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with iran with talks at a united nations conference in new york and an aggressive effort to sell the emerging deal to skeptical american lawmakers and constituencies.
for many of the residents of santa barbara d'oeste and neighboring americana in brazil's southeastern sao paulo state, having confederate ancestry is a point of pride. thousands turn out every year at the annual 'festa dos confederados,' or confederates party' to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war.
dvla is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies all uk plastic photocard licences. information about penalty points will be held only on dvla’s database. but motoring groups fear switch to online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms to check details. holidaymakers heading abroad will have to log on to the website the day before and put in driving licence.
chandni nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school. she was struck by a train in february last year at twyford railway station in berkshire. she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and said she would stand in front of a fast train to take her life. miss nigam was a volunteer at the london olympics in 2012 and was a 'perfectionist'
guo kai and girlfriend dong hui, 22, had been planning to get married this month. dong was diagnosed with bone cancer last month and was admitted to hospital. she turned 22 on monday and wanted to have wedding photographs taken for her birthday. guo has been at her bedside every day and arranged for professional photographers to take the pictures.
her bright pink, long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the ldny fashion show and wie awards gala in central london tonight. the lawyer, wife of deputy prime minister and mother of three boys, was at the event celebrating inspirational women and ethical fashion. she was joined by model daisy lowe, designer kelly hoppen and bafta chief executive.
mark lowe, 32, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother wayne to death. mark killed his brother after he tried to stab him during a fight at his mum's house last year. mark, from skelmersdale, lancashire, was charged with murder. but he pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was jailed for five years. mark's wife sarah is now looking after three young children alone and said he will'regret what he did' to his brother.
streaming music service spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42. staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists. they usually contain hits from their youth. spotify and rivals are working to understand the tastes of their listeners.
kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful. he has admitted illegally altering llanwenarth house by installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles and crystal chandeliers. the 60-year-old initially denied five charges under the planning laws. but changed his plea before his trial and pleaded guilty to illegally altering the house. he could face a 12-month prison sentence.
the monster iceberg, larger than manhattan, was spotted breaking away from west antarctica's getz ice shelf. measuring 17 miles (27km) long, b-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into the amundsen sea. last month, nasa captured a 17 miles long iceberg being born in the same region.
sean jefferson, 45, and elizabeth jowitt, 37, admitted handling stolen goods at york magistrates' court. couple covered their home in wreaths, lanterns, memorial slates and homemade gifts. some of the items were taken from graves of babies and cancer sufferers.   they were banned from cemeteries indefinitely and given a 47-week curfew and restraining order.
former adelaide doctor tareq kamleh still remains registered to practice medicine in australia until september 30 because the medical board refused to deregister him. he featured in the latest isis propaganda video at the weekend calling for foreign medics to join the terrorist cult. dr kamlesh appeared in the video wearing western-style surgical scrubs and handling babies in a maternity ward. the doctor fled to joins the islamic state last month. he has claimed he had unprotected sex with a royal adelaide hospital patient.
lynn, from chippenham, had to stop taking pain relief for the sake of her unborn baby. she suffers from hip dysplasia and scoliosis and has only 30 per cent mobility. she tried for a baby for three years and stopped taking painkillers when pregnant. lynn wanted a natural delivery but had to have a c-section as her baby was breeched.
breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley has teamed up with london-based ice-creamery the licktators. royal baby gaga ice cream is made with donated breast milk - screened in line with hospital standards. the dessert is the brainchild of 30-year-old mother from leeds. all profits are to be donated to a breastfeeding charity.
queen letizia met with the relatives of some of the victims of the germanwings plane crash at a memorial service in barcelona today. she was joined by her husband king felipe and the spanish prime minister mariano rajoy. more than 1,000 people gathered at barcelona's landmark sagrada familia basilica to remember the 50 spaniards who died in the crash.
judge mary stacey admitted victim had been'scarred psychologically' by the sexual assault. joshua sweet, 20, broke into 24-year-old teacher's home and sexually assaulted her in bed. but judge freed him after serving just two months on remand and handed a three-year community order. victim support charity worker slammed decision and said 'victims deserve justice'    the victim was left 'petrified' and afraid to go out after the incident at birmingham crown court.   sweet was ordered to do 150 hours unpaid work and register as a sex offender for five years.
ian rogers, 36, became hooked on all things paranormal as a child and took part in his first ghost hunt in 2000. he owns nine haunted dolls which he says contain the spirits of people who have died. ian believes each doll has their own personality and each is haunted by a different spirit. he takes his dolls to events and gets people to guess their back stories. the car image inspector, from leicester, owns the creepy dolls for £50.
despite being told of risk of flying over ukraine in diplomatic cables sent two days before the crash, german government failed to pass on warning. malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel-held territory on july 17 last year. german intelligence had repeatedly warned of risk to aviation security.
dan fredinburg was one of four americans killed when a massive earthquake struck nepal on saturday. the 33-year-old google engineer was given the letters by his girlfriend ashley arenson just before he left. he was told not to read them until he reached the summit and was given them by friends and family.    it is not known whether he got a chance to read the messages. his friends have set up a crowdrise page in his memory to help with relief efforts.
new england patriots' coach bill belichick was caught on camera ogling model chrissy teigen's derriere at the white house correspondents' dinner on saturday. his girlfriend linda holliday was quick to forgive the 4-time super bowl winning coach. her husband, crooner john legend, dubbed the incident'spy gate' and retweeted a photo of the incident.
the single mother of three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, is facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child. police say the mother locked her children in the basement of her philadelphia home for 15 hours without access to food or bathroom. one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911. the mother works at the philadelphia international airport and is a nursing student.
labour leader sets out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers, curbing rent rises and giving local people priority for new homes. wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on, triggering drop in value of shares of construction firms. mr miliband promises there is 'nothing more british than the dream of home-ownership'   labour also says up to half of new homes will be set aside for local people and foreign buyers.
clay aiken called congresswoman renee ellmers a 'b**ch' and an 'idiot' on monday's howard stern show. aiken was the runner-up in the second season of american idol and lost to her in november's congressional election. he told stern that he's planning to run for office 'within the next decade'   aiken, who is openly gay, said he picks his paramours from among men who friend him on facebook.
the $39.99 (£26) nanoheat wireless heated mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve. it can maintain the temperature at 71°c (160°f) for up to 45 minutes. mug can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged. a built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes to conserve energy.
prince william and his wife kate to give birth at st mary's hospital in paddington, central london. duke and duchess of cambridge's first child, prince george, was born at the hospital in 2013. prime minister david cameron has backed the royals' choice of private care for kate's second birth. he said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options and praised the nhs.
fannie randle has worked at the university of southern california sorority gamma phi beta for 24 years. she was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape. university senior and former president alicia jewell and her sorority sisters raised money for ms randle's new car on the crowdfunding website gofundme. miss jewell presented the housekeeper with a $21,000 check last monday for a brand new car. msrandle has been working at the usc sorority house for 25 years.
south west trains was forced to cancel all of its services after a person was struck by a train at waterloo station. network rail forced to close a section of the track between wimbledon and surbiton. trains and staff were stuck at the wrong end of the line after the incident this afternoon. delays of up to 30 minutes were still being experienced on south west trains at 9pm.
dana vulin suffered horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body after being set alight at her perth home. natalie dimitrovska's lawyers will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe in supreme court of western australia on tuesday. lawyers for natalie claim that ms vulin was not as badly injured as she stated in court. the 29-year-old has had countless operations to reconstruct her scorched face, arms and torso. she spends most of her days in hospital and working with charities.
crown princess mary attended an anzac day ceremony in copenhagen over the weekend. the australian-born royal wore a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and black jacket. the 43-year-old placed a wreath at a memorial. mary spoke of feeling alone and misunderstood after losing her mother at 25 in a tv interview.
economy will have grown by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, down from 0.9% in same period in 2014. latest growth figures will be released by the office for national statistics tomorrow. factory output slows to its weakest level in more than two years in three months to april. david cameron warns labour is'staring down the barrel' of higher taxes and regulations for businesses.
tortoise was captured in the kalahari desert in south africa by a chemical engineer. the two cheetahs tried to scare the reptile out of its shell but it retreated back into its shell. the big cats wandered off in search of another meal as the tortoise scuttled off across the desert sands.
99.7 per cent accurate biosure hiv self test enables people to test themselves when and where they like. estimated 26,000 people in the uk have hiv but are unaware of it and may be transmitting it to others. testing kit uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect presence of antibodies.
mobile phone companies charge up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone. charges will end from july 1 under proposals published by telecoms watchdog, ofcom. ee claims the plan is 'ill thought out' and will make industry'struggling'
andrew chan and myruan sukumaran will be shot in the heart at the stroke of midnight on tuesday. the pair will face a firing squad of 12 marksmen in the jungle on nusakambangan island in java. the australian men will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded. a chilling reenactment of the execution was aired on indonesian tv the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in january. three of the 12 riflemen will have live rounds while nine will have blanks and only three will have loaded guns. the men will have a maximum of three minutes to calm down before
dallas cowboys' star greg hardy was forced to abandon his bentley in flash floods in dallas this week. the 25-year-old was driving his luxury car through flood waters and had to abandon it. he was suspended from 10 games by the nfl after being convicted by a judge last year of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend nicki holder. hardy previously played for the carolina panthers but was dropped after allegations of domestic abuse emerged and signed by the cowboys.
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue and $13.6 billion in profit. iphone sales grew 72% in china and up 40% from a year ago. ipad revenue fell 29% to $5.4 billion.
angus hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack after returning from a swim in new york on saturday. he was the ex-husband of antonia kidman. mr hawley was a father to four children, aged 46. his brother says he was 'one of the fittest men i've ever met'   'he didn't have heart problems' and was known to lead a healthy and active lifestyle.   he was a business development manager at valor private wealth.
