A "desperate" number of men in Wales are living on the streets after being released from prison, a charity has said.
A man has been charged after firearms and ammunition were seized by police in Edinburgh.
Four black people accused of beating a mentally disabled man in a video broadcast live on Facebook have pleaded not guilty.
Reading director of football Nick Hammond is to leave West Brom at the end of the season.
The five-day "fasting-mimicking" diet can regenerate the pancreas, say US scientists.
The merger of two of the world's biggest firms in the business of making spectacles, Essilor of France and Luxottica of Italy, has been announced, but there is a growing concern in the industry that the combined firm could be too powerful.
naghel has become the latest high-profile cyclist to criticise British Cycling's "toxic" culture.
In the basement of a comedy club in the US state of Texas, the only sound you hear is the laughter of the audience.
The decision by the competition regulator, Ofcom, not to force BT to break up has been welcomed by BT's shareholders.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is relishing his first trip to Hampden for the Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers on Saturday.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut more than 1,000 student places and cut about 200 jobs.
An NHS trust has apologised after sending the wrong patient information leaflets to 850 people.
Labour's shadow foreign secretary has said the party will try to "get a compromise" with the government on the Article 50 bill.
Torquay United chairman Kevin Nicholson says the club will not receive any money from the sale of Eunan O'Kane to Bournemouth.
A man who was found dead in the Conwy estuary could have killed himself after a police officer visited him in hospital, an inquest has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker Gary Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season.
A former Nasa chief scientist working on climate change has urged US scientists not to stop making copies of government data.
The Specials drummer Brad Bradbury has died at the age of 59.
Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as England's Justin Rose holds a two-shot lead.
Former England striker Carlton Cole says he is still having to wear a protective boot as he continues his recovery from a kidney transplant.
Pakistan has lifted a ban on the video-sharing site YouTube that was imposed in 2012 after a Innocence of Muslims video was posted.
Leicester Tigers lock Ed Benjamin is likely to miss the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Welsh cyclist Owain Doull has become the sixth Briton to win an Olympic gold medal at Rio 2016.
Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed more than 350 people in the past week, officials say.
All photographs Hamish Frost.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined $60m (£40m) by Hong Kong regulators for falsifying records.
The stars of this year's Baftas have been talking about Meryl Streep, the Rising Star Award and the future of the Baftas.
It has been a remarkable year for Andy Murray.
Three suspects have been arrested in South Africa in connection with the murder of a popular rapper who was shot dead last week.
A shot was fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill remains on course to qualify for the 2016 Olympics after the second day of the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis, Austria.
The Formula 1 team Manor has gone into administration with the loss of 456 jobs.
The final list of candidates for the Northern Ireland Assembly election has been published.
You've been using Your Questions to ask us what to do about the recent fall in the pound against the dollar and rise of the FTSE 100.
A student from County Durham has won a competition to find the UK's best alternative model.
Campaigners are fighting to keep a statue of a Falklands War veteran in Portsmouth.
A 25-year-old man has appeared in court charged with breaching a terrorism prevention order.
Former all-rounder Matt Anyon has been appointed as head coach of the Sussex women's team.
Bury have signed midfielder Jordan Brown on a one-year deal after a successful trial.
Disney's live-action version of Beauty and the Beast, Beauty and the Beast 2 and The Jungle Book have all tried to modernise the classic fairytale.
This year's Eurovision Song Contest took place in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, with more than 120 countries taking part.
Fifty years ago, The Beatles played their first gig at the Cavern Club in Liverpool.
South Africa's government has proposed a national minimum wage of 12,000 rand ($1,050; £775) a week.
The death of Ethiopia's Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has thrown the Horn of Africa into a state of shock.
Azhar Ali top-scored with 68 as Pakistan were bowled out for 287 on a rain-hit first day of the second Test against Australia in Melbourne.
The SNP has held two seats on Edinburgh Council in a by-election and a Midlothian West by-election.
Russia has said it will continue its bombardment of the Syrian city of Aleppo despite the US threatening to end military co-operation.
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-20 internationals Aled Hughes and Aled Evans.
The US has expelled 35 Russian diplomats and shut down two Russian compounds in the US in response to allegations that Russia meddled in the US election.
Labour's plan to scrap tuition fees in England's universities is the most radical in the party's manifesto for decades.
West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service has finished its work at the Shoreham Air Show crash site.
The director of national intelligence has refused to say whether he has seen evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
The White House has refused to comment on reports that US President Barack Obama and his family celebrated his final day in the White House.
Police have released the following road closures in County Londonderry over the weekend.
Many of us struggle with mental health problems, including anxiety, depression and panic attacks.
Author Harper Lee has been cleared of any wrongdoing after an investigation into her decision to publish a new draft of To Kill a Mockingbird.
The US has suspended its participation in talks with Russia to try to revive a cessation of hostilities in Syria.
Labour's Sadiq Khan has become the first Muslim mayor of London.
A group of primary school children who created a recruitment video for a church in West Yorkshire have found a new vicar.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will be out for around 10 weeks after fracturing a bone in his right foot in the Capital One Cup win over Everton.
A four-year-old girl who was injured when a man set fire to a train in the Swiss canton of St Gallen has died in hospital, police say.
A drone flew close to a plane carrying more than 60 people as it approached an airport.
A seal has been rescued after its neck was caught in a fishing net on a beach in Aberdeenshire.
An archive of letters and manuscripts belonging to one of Scotland's most famous authors has been revealed.
Paul Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union.
As Laura Mvula prepares for her first live TV appearance on BBC Two's Later... with Jools Holland, she admits she's "terrified" by the prospect.
Newcastle midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he feels "born again" after recovering from testicular cancer.
League Two club Exeter City have announced record profits for the last financial year.
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei has died after a metal pole fell on to his head during a training session.
Scotland's businesses are optimistic about the year ahead, according to the latest Scottish Chambers of Commerce survey.
The public inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales is likely to expose "creditable" and "discreditable" conduct, Lord Justice Pitchford has said.
New Zealand survived a huge scare to beat South Africa and reach the World Cup final.
A detailed survey of one of the world's tallest obelisks is being carried out to help repair it.
The owner of chains including Zara, Massimo Dutti and Pull&Bear, Inditex, has reported a rise in profits and sales in the first half of the year.
Pop star Lady Gaga will take to the stage at the Super Bowl in Houston, Texas, on Sunday to perform her new single ARTPOP.
A victim of child sex abuse by a gang in Rochdale has said Asian men are still targeting girls in the town.
A Marks and Spencer store has been closed after a burst water main flooded it.
Thousands of comments to a US regulator's proposals on net neutrality appear to have been posted by automated "bots".
New Sale Sharks chairman Tony Cotton says the club need to "rebuild" their stadium.
Disney's Moana has topped the US and Canada box office over the Thanksgiving weekend.
British number one Johanna Konta beat Varvara Lepchenko to reach the quarter-finals of the Monterrey Open in Mexico.
Two men have been stabbed in a paramilitary-style attack in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Scientists believe that the Ebola virus that killed seven-year-old Emile Konate in Guinea in 2014 was passed on to him by playing in a hollowed-out tree.
World champion Stuart Bingham says his wife Rebecca is due to give birth to the couple's third child at the World Championship in Sheffield.
A section of the Grade II-listed pier which collapsed in Aberystwyth is to be dismantled by Ceredigion council.
An environmental group is seeking a judicial review into a controversial block of student flats built by the University of Oxford.
A head teacher has written to parents of a chain of schools warning they could have to cut the school day by a week to save money.
Forests should not be set aside to protect climate change, a report has warned.
Human remains have been found close to a skull found on a motorway slip road, police have said.
Uzbekistan's Shakhobidin Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men's light-flyweight boxing, beating Colombia's Ivan Martinez in the final.
University lecturers in England and Wales are staging a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
The Scottish government is to investigate East Dunbartonshire Council's plan to close a Catholic primary school.
Former Japan striker Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a one-year contract with Japanese club Kashima Antlers.
At least 10 people have been killed in Indian-administered Kashmir on the anniversary of a militant leader's death, as protests and clashes erupted.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has raised questions about how the world's central banks might respond.
Sale Sharks forward Simon Easter is to retire at the end of the season to become a teacher.
Families of patients at a scandal-hit mental health ward have been told their care may have contributed to their deaths.
A 25-year-old man who admitted assaulting two men in County Londonderry has been jailed.
Two-time Olympic goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches by the United States women's national team after her husband was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence.
A solicitor has admitted conspiring to supply cocaine with three other men.
Police officers at Scotland's railway stations are to be issued with Tasers.
Glasgow-based engineering firm ID Systems is to create up to 40 new jobs after securing funding from UK Steel Enterprise (UKSE).
A Brazilian footballer who survived the plane crash in Colombia on Monday that killed most of his Chapecoense team is recovering in hospital.
Broadcaster Sir David Robinson has said plans to build a road tunnel under Stonehenge would be a "Disneyfication" of the site.
Everton began their Europa League campaign with a convincing victory over German side Wolfsburg at Goodison Park.
Scunthorpe United midfielder Ben Bishop has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman in south London.
Prostate cancer is one of the most deadly forms of cancer in men, but scientists are trying to improve the treatment of the disease.
Christian Wade scored a hat-trick as Wasps secured a bonus-point win over 10-man Worcester Warriors in the Premiership.
A Frenchwoman who was among 23 people killed in a gun attack on a museum in Tunisia last month has died of her injuries.
Satellite images of the Iraqi city of Mosul show how so-called Islamic State (IS) militants have completely destroyed the city's international airport.
Rail passengers face disruption over the Easter weekend as the Reading to London Paddington line reopens.
exploratory drilling for oil and gas on Anglesey has been granted a permit by Natural Resources Wales.
Online retail giant Amazon has begun recording sales made in Europe in the UK and other European countries in its own tax base.
The head of the NHS in England has urged junior doctors to call off a 24-hour strike on Tuesday in a row over a new contract.
Oxford United have extended Everton midfielder Tom Kenny's loan until the end of the season.
Two colleges in Dorset have been awarded £5m by the government to upgrade their buildings.
The family of former footballer Jeff Astle are to meet the chairman of the Football Association.
The world's super-rich will start to feel the pinch of the growing gap between their wealth and the rest of us, a financial expert has warned.
Brothers Tom and Tom Youngs have signed new contracts with Sale Sharks.
Police are investigating after a man indecently exposed himself to a young girl in Edinburgh city centre.
Arab countries have failed to reach a deal at a review conference of the NPT - the treaty banning nuclear weapons - after the US and other powers rejected a proposal.
A moratorium on fracking in Wales remains in place, the Welsh Government has said.
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury is a car crash waiting to happen.
England head coach Eddie Jones is set to name his initial 33-man squad for the autumn Tests against New Zealand and South Africa on Friday.
An exhibition of more than 200 paintings and drawings of the North East during World War One has gone on display.
Former Celtic manager Neil Lennon says he thought Scott Brown had retired from international football too early.
A buzzard has been rescued after getting stuck in a fence in Flintshire.
Workers at the Post Office are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over branch closures and pensions.
The Ulster Unionist leader has said he is "confident" in his party's position in the assembly election, despite comments he made on Monday that he would prefer Sinn Fin over the SDLP.
Thousands of vials of so-called performance-enhancing drugs have been seized in County Armagh in the Republic of Ireland.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said there is a "greater opportunity" for a united Ireland after the UK voted to leave the EU.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley has urged his side to keep their feet on the ground after moving top of League Two.
The US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said Qatar is reviewing a list of demands made by four Arab states to end a boycott of the Gulf state.
Banned UKIP MEP Suzanne Evans has said she has given up hope of becoming the party's next leader.
Police in the Indian capital, Delhi, have charged an Uber taxi driver with raping a female passenger last week.
As the final whistle sounded at the Parc des Princes in Lyon, the Welsh anthem, 'Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau', was played again.
Ferguslie Park in Renfrewshire is the most deprived area in Scotland, according to Scottish government figures.
Ireland's Conor Cassells and James Scrimgeour won gold in the lightweight double sculls at the World Rowing Championships in Rotterdam on Friday.
Raith Rovers have made their third summer signing by bringing in midfielder Jordan Johnston from Dunfermline Athletic.
James Milner's late penalty gave Liverpool victory at Swansea City, who remain winless in the Premier League under manager Francesco Guidolin.
The news that Edinburgh have been relegated from the top flight of Scottish rugby after a player tested positive for a banned steroid is a blow to the sport.
The TRNSMT music festival at Strathallan Castle will open later with Radiohead headlining.
The US has urged North Korea to refrain from "irresponsible provocations" after Pyongyang said it had restarted a nuclear reactor.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after human bones were found during a search for a man who went missing 25 years ago.
On the BBC Radio Manchester airwaves, rugby league's latest soap opera was playing out.
Ireland women will face Scotland in the World Twenty20 Qualifier on Thursday after beating Zimbabwe by eight wickets in the tournament in Thailand.
The daughter of a man who died after he was fed a prescription drug by a nurse has said a hospital is still in special measures.
Britain's Mark Cavendish is in third place after the first day of the Olympic men's points race in Rio.
The health service in Northern Ireland is to receive an extra £100m from the executive.
Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, the former Harvard University students who accused Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg of stealing their idea for the social networking site, are once again suing him.
A 17-year-old boy has died after being hit by a car.
Harry Chapman Pincher, who has died at the age of 96, was one of Britain's best-known investigative journalists.
Birmingham City have signed Dundee striker James Stewart on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A former soldier who worked at an armed forces barracks accepted a payment from a national newspaper, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.
Two care homes have been placed in special measures following unannounced inspections.
Four men have been arrested in north London on suspicion of firearms offences.
Power has been restored to 10,000 properties in Lancashire after a substation went offline, SSE has said.
The Earl of Derby has won a High Court challenge against a government refusal to approve plans for up to 2,000 new homes.
Businesses on the Isle of Wight should be compensated for losses caused by the Isle of Wight's new £1m chain ferry, councillors have said.
French Ligue 1 side Lorient have signed Paris FC midfielder Naim Sliti for an undisclosed fee.
Tim Peake has returned to Earth on board the International Space Station.
World champion cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
Two RAF Typhoons were scrambled to intercept a civilian aircraft at Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire.
Police have been granted more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
The 2016 European Championship in France will be the first major tournament since the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.
Great Britain's men's basketball team will host Greece in their EuroBasket 2017 warm-up game at the Copper Box in London on Tuesday.
Wales' hopes of reaching the World Cup quarter-finals ended with a narrow defeat by Australia in Pool A.
Josh Strauss says the Scotland players want to give Vern Cotter a send-off in the Six Nations.
The former top US commander in Iraq, David Petraeus, has told the BBC that the fight against Islamic State (IS) is not a "one-off".
Email addresses have been accessed in a "malicious" cyber attack on the City of Edinburgh Council website.
Rebel groups in Syria say they have begun a new offensive against government forces in response to recent violations of the cessation of hostilities.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it is introducing advertising.
Actor Jerry Hall is to pay tribute to David Bowie at the Mercury Music Prize ceremony in London later.
A former Met Police detective has been cleared of indecently assaulting a prisoner in 1986.
Welsh Conservative Brexit minister Alun Cairns has said the general election result shows the UK should leave the EU.
The families of the 96 football fans who died in the Hillsborough disaster have asked the home secretary for assurances there will be criminal prosecutions.
Posting grossly offensive content online, such as images of children, could lead to prosecutions in England and Wales.
On Sunday morning, 10-year-old Faizan Ahmad Dar came home from school in a village in Indian-administered Kashmir to his mother, Zarifa.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Conwy county.
The four preferred bidders for the first rail franchise to be awarded by the Welsh Government have been revealed.
Veteran broadcaster Robbie MacAulay is to retire from BBC Radio Scotland.
Accrington Stanley manager John Coleman has criticised the League Two for allowing Carlisle United to play away from home.
Two Manchester United fans had to be escorted off a tour of Old Trafford ahead of Saturday's game against Arsenal after being found with a "suspicious package".
League One side Accrington Stanley beat Preston in extra time to reach the EFL Cup second round.
A shop worker who accidentally left his tools in a charity shop has said he has had offers to appear on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!
Laura Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will not be fit for the start of the season as he continues his rehabilitation from a criminal conviction.
A condolence book for Sir Terry Wogan has opened in the Republic of Ireland, with BBC Radio 2 presenter Chris Evans describing him as "the butt of most of his jokes".
Scotland's political parties have called for "cast iron assurances" over the future of the Govan and Scotstoun shipyards on the Clyde.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has come under attack from rivals Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz in a fiery debate in the US.
Ukraine's Jamala has won the Eurovision Song Contest in Stockholm, with Russia and Australia in second and third place.
Lifeguards are to be on duty at a beach where five men drowned last year.
Partick Thistle captain Mustapha Osman says the club do not want manager Alan Archibald to leave Firhill.
Canadian police say 10 people arrested as they tried to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State (IS) group have been released.
York City have signed Hull City defender Joe Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS in England could save up to £500m a year by cracking down on foreign visitors seeking treatment, the government has said.
The Belfast Giants beat Braehead Clan 5-1 at the SSE Arena on Monday to go top of the Elite League.
The Flying Scotsman is set to return to the railways.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a boy at a Catholic school in East Yorkshire has been awarded compensation.
The Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office in its opening weekend.
Britain's Victoria Williamson says she is "here to live another day" after surviving a serious crash at the World Track Championships in Rotterdam.
The life expectancy gap between men and women at the age of 30 is narrowing, according to a UK expert.
The head of the body representing police and crime commissioners in England and Wales stepped down before appearing on BBC Question Time to discuss the Manchester attack.
In the summer of 2012, HSBC's chief economist, Martin King, issued an amber warning about China's economy.
Thames Water will get a "huge financial interest" in the £4.1bn Thames Tunnel, a water expert has claimed.
Developers of Swansea's proposed tidal lagoon have accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of "grossly misleading" figures on the impact on fish.
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland forward Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors.
A China Eastern Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing on Sunday after a hole appeared in one of its engines.
A woman facing deportation from the UK to France has been told the Home Office will reconsider her case.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Former Czech Republic youth coach Tomas Fitzel believes Scottish football would benefit from a 16-team league.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's President Joseph Kabila has appointed opposition leader Jean-Pierre Tshibala as prime minister.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's late strike earned Wycombe a 1-0 win over Exeter in League Two.
Journalists at Australia's Fairfax Media have begun a week-long strike in protest at job cuts.
Richard Hannon has likened rising star Marquand to three-time champion jockey Ryan Moore.
The Colombian government and Farc rebels have agreed to resume peace talks after the Farc released a general it kidnapped last week.
Blackburn Rovers defender Hope Akpan has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for pushing a referee.
Aggressive octopuses change their body colour and behaviour to avoid conflict, a study has found.
Former British number one Laura Robson has announced she will return to Nottingham for the first time since 2013.
Human rights activists in the Democratic Republic of Congo have begun digging up a mass burial site in the capital, Kinshasa.
Everton have agreed a deal to appoint Southampton boss Ronald Koeman as their new manager.
The government's White Paper on England's housing crisis is the latest in a long line of announcements on how to tackle the country's housing crisis.
The Turkish army says a suicide car bomb attack by the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) has killed three police officers and injured at least 20 others in south-eastern Turkey.
A body believed to be that of a missing teenager has been found in North Lanarkshire.
Luis Suarez is the world's most valuable player with a value of £147m, according to a new study.
The solar-powered aeroplane, Solar Impulse, has taken off from China for Hawaii, its pilot Andre Borschberg says.
A former deputy police and crime commissioner (PCC) has settled her claim for unfair dismissal.
US actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role in the US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 83.
Captain Gareth McAuley says Northern Ireland's 2-0 win over Ukraine at Euro 2016 was a "point to prove" to their critics.
A second legal challenge to the UK's vote to leave the EU has been dismissed at the High Court in Belfast.
The daughter of a mother and son stabbed to death at their home has said she will miss them "every day".
The three Americans who have been detained in North Korea are Matthew Todd Miller, Kenneth Bae and Jeffrey Edward Fowle.
South Korea's education minister has apologised after thousands of students complained of a question in a university entrance exam.
The All Golds rugby league club are in talks with Gloucester City Rugby League over a possible partnership.
A Sinn Féin MP has said Jeremy Corbyn tried to "annihilate" his family.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will return to racing at the 2017 Tour of Britain, which begins on Saturday.
A former treasurer of a hospital charity has admitted embezzling more than £1m.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have arrested five people after a 60-year-old Dalit woman was stripped and beaten up by a group of upper-caste women.
Turkey has rejected US calls to halt its military operations in northern Syria.
Mae'r e-bost yn dweud ei gyd-esgobion yn rhyw yn gwneud lot o les chwaith yn cael ei gweld adre na thu hwnt, yn l
Troubled Japanese conglomerate Toshiba is in talks with banks to secure desperately needed funds, reports say.
England must "pull their fingers out" to avoid defeat in the first Test against Pakistan, says pace bowler James Anderson.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says New Zealand counterpart Graham Henry's approach to the squad selection for the three-Test series has been key to their success.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland goalkeeper Lee Hodson from MK Dons.
A decanter used to feed newborn babies at a camp in Sutherland during the Highland Clearances has been donated to a museum.
A woman who killed a pensioner by stabbing him with a cake knife and gagging him with a kitchen roll has been jailed.
Firearms and explosives are being sold illegally on the dark net, a study has found.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife.
A man once dubbed the world's fattest has been granted a visa to have weight-loss surgery in the US.
A new class of drugs to treat prostate cancer has been discovered by scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research in London.
European football leagues have ended their agreement with Uefa to allow domestic matches to be played on the same night as Champions League and Europa League games.
Schools should discuss female genital mutilation (FGM) with parents, a teaching union says.
Police are investigating after a woman was raped in Templeton Park in Edinburgh.
Swansea City caretaker boss Alan Curtis says it will be difficult for the club to return to the "Swansea Way" if they are relegated from the Premier League.
More than 41,000 students in Wales who started repaying their student loans in 2017 owed an average of almost £20,000.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in Italy for allegedly pretending to be a pilot and sitting in the cockpit of a plane.
The government is to introduce "tougher rules" for people coming to the UK as husbands and wives from India, David Cameron has said.
The number of children living in poverty in Wales has risen by 20,000 in the past decade, a think tank has said.
As the European Court of Justice ruling on working hours comes into effect, BBC News looks at some of the people who could be affected.
Thousands of schools in Guinea have reopened after being closed for months because of the Ebola outbreak.
(Close): The UK's FTSE 100 index has seen its biggest weekly fall since the financial crisis, as global stock markets continue to be hit by fears over China's slowing economy.
The sister of a County Tyrone teenager who was murdered and dismembered has called on the prison service to tell her when the killer will be released.
Former Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" after a video appeared mocking him.
Louis van Gaal's post-match press conference after Arsenal's 2-1 defeat at Emirates Stadium was predictable.
Craft brewer and bar operator BrewDog has sold out of shares in its first round of investment in the US.
A planned strike by Tata Steel workers in the UK has been suspended in a dispute over pensions.
Keurig Green Mountain, the US maker of single-serve coffee pods, has agreed to be bought for nearly $14bn (£9.5bn).
A university has apologised after a poster blaming Hollywood star Jennifer Lawrence for the hacking of her iCloud account was branded "in bad taste".
A man has been stabbed to death after he interacted with a group of suspects in north London.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says he was not surprised by the club's lack of international call-ups this season.
Manager Brendan Rodgers says Celtic have "everything to play for" in the final two games of their unbeaten season.
Rooms at Aberystwyth University's new halls of residence will not be ready in time for the start of the academic year.
A children's TV show has been blamed for the failure of two of its characters to turn up at a Northern Ireland event.
Aston Villa have appointed Brighton assistant Colin Calderwood as first-team coach.
Jamie Roberts says he will use his Wales captaincy for the British and Irish Lions tour as motivation.
England's win over Scotland in the Six Nations was a massive statement about how they want to play.
Great Britain's 4x400m relay team were disqualified in the semi-finals of the Olympic Games after a false start.
Six people have been injured after a car and a bus crashed in the Highlands.
A 25-year-old man who died after a forklift truck crashed in South Lanarkshire has been named.
Great Britain's double Olympic champion Nicola Adams says she wants to turn professional into a world champion and says her trainer Virgil Hunter can help.
As the 70th anniversary of the first atomic bomb being dropped on Hiroshima in Japan by the US in World War Two is marked, the BBC's Shiraz Maher looks at why a nuclear deal with Iran is so important.
Former Anglo Irish Bank boss David Drumm has been granted bail of 50,000 euros (£39,000).
Malagasy blues singer Lala Njava was born and raised in the south of Madagascar.
For years the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar's western Rakhine state has been at the heart of a conflict that has seen tens of thousands of people flee to neighbouring Bangladesh.
When I met up with my new coach, Ivan Lendl, at the Aegon Championships, I didn't expect to be hugged.
Newsbeat has been talking to 16 and 17-year-olds about why they think the voting age should be lowered.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff is facing the biggest challenge of his career after world champion Nico Rosberg announced he is to leave the team at the end of the season.
Smoking may increase the risk of developing schizophrenia, say UK researchers.
Three people, including two children, have been rescued from a beach in Bristol.
The former Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Church of England could be promoting "anguish and pain" by opposing the right to die.
Former Leicester City striker Gary Lineker says he "shed a tear" at the club's decision to sack manager Claudio Ranieri a year after winning the Premier League title.
Hopes of finding more survivors of the collapse of a building housing five garment factories near the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka are fading.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis.
Celtic beat Aberdeen 3-0 at Hampden.
The public inquiry into the death of Alexander Litvinenko, the former Russian spy who was poisoned in London in November 2006, will begin its work on Wednesday.
A health board has been criticised over its handling of public money towards an event to raise awareness of organ donation.
An 80-year-old woman has died after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
A 15-year-old boy was arrested after driving a tractor as a taxi in North Yorkshire.
A man has denied two counts of fraud by false representation over the Grenfell Tower fire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu looks at the human actions that will be taking place in Africa in 2017.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has demolished it.
A new tram line in Nottingham has opened after delays of more than three years.
Thieves who stole tools from vans used by the DIY SOS team to build a house for a terminally ill grandmother have been traced.
Tullilow Oil has reported a loss of £1.1bn for 2015 and warned it could cut its capital spending this year.
EE has been named the UK's best mobile network in a major annual study.
A man who stole a mobility scooter to get home from a night out has been banned from driving for two years.
The residents of Vila Uniao (Hope Street) in Rio de Janeiro's poor neighbourhood of Vila Uniao have won their battle against the planned demolition of their homes to make way for a new rapid bus system.
The UK's oldest nuclear power station is to be allowed to continue operating despite breaching a safety margin, the BBC has learned.
The American hunter who killed a lion in Zimbabwe, in Africa, has been criticised for killing a well-known lion named Cecil.
A distillery on the Isle of Islay is marking its 200th anniversary by donating more than £500,000 to the local community.
David Hockney's assistant died after drinking acid, an inquest has heard.
Nigeria's rower Chierika Ukogu may have missed out on a medal at the Olympics, but she has been praised by rapper Snoop Dogg.
A plane bound for Chicago has been forced to return to Edinburgh after declaring an emergency because of a mechanical issue.
Major sporting events, including the Europa League final and the Great City Games, will go ahead this week despite the Manchester bombing which killed 22 people and injured 59.
The government in England has overspent by £1bn to set up and run academies in the last two years.
On the eve of the Scottish Open, Russell Knox stood in the rain outside the clubhouse at Inverness Golf Club.
The mother of missing teenager Charlene Downes is taking legal action to force police to make a memorial to her daughter.
Brazilian police investigating alleged illegal ticket sales at the Rio Olympics have asked the office of International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach for an interview.
Joyce Banda became Malawi's first female vice-president in 2009 - and she is now the country's first female president.
Newly-promoted clubs Forest Green Rovers and Lincoln City will face League One sides in the first round of the EFL Cup.
Three rare Pygmy marmoset monkeys stolen from a zoo in Australia have been found safe and well.
Women in the UK's intelligence services are being "under-represented" because of a lack of male role models.
The leader of a Muslim sect has condemned the Westminster terror attack.
Singer Charlotte Church has announced that she and her partner have lost their baby.
A driver who caused the deaths of two men after a police chase has been jailed for eight years.
A cross-dresser from County Down who was born a man has said she felt "in the wrong body" for years before undergoing gender reassignment surgery.
Astronomers have discovered a baby Jupiter - the first of its kind outside our Solar System.
Peace campaigners have set up a camp in Newport ahead of the Nato summit.
A man has been arrested over the alleged theft of Pippa Middleton's iCloud account and the sale of topless photographs of her.
The Polish ambassador to the UK has said police are investigating two cases of suspected post-referendum racism against the Polish community.
Ospreys have signed former Scarlets and Wales flanker Rob McCusker on a short-term deal.
Masked gunmen have robbed a Saudi prince's convoy of 250,000 euros (£230,000; $290,000) in cash and official documents in Paris.
The words'man in a man's world' and 'women in a man's world' are often used to describe the achievements of athletes at the Olympics.
telephone and radio services in Shetland have been restored after a transmitter failure on Orkney.
A school has cancelled its prom because of "unacceptable pressure" on pupils to be "slim, fashionable and have perfect skin".
Mohamed, a 23-year-old man, is one of the thousands of migrants arriving in the Turkish city of Edirne, hoping to reach Europe.
League Two side Leyton Orient have appointed Paul Porter as their new chairman.
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted she fell asleep during the State of the Union address.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has announced he will step down in December, citing family reasons.
The Conservatives have been accused of "industrial-scale" personal attacks on Labour MPs during the general election campaign.
Police investigating an attempted kidnap of a seven-year-old girl in Derby have appealed for a taxi driver to come forward.
A food truck serving up burgers, fish and chips is to expand its work with ex-offenders.
A man who raped a woman after posing as a taxi driver in Newcastle has been named as one of the UK's most-wanted fugitives who are thought to be in the Netherlands.
Police in the US city of Dallas have searched the headquarters of the city's police force but found nothing.
A paedophile who groomed a nine-year-old boy via Facebook has been jailed for 16 years.
British astronaut Samantha Cristofer is on a six-month mission on the International Space Station (ISS).
A council is to seek a High Court injunction to stop a councillor taking part in tree-felling protests.
Geraint Thomas and four other Team Sky riders have backed team principal Sir Dave Brailsford.
Snap, the company behind messaging app Snapchat, has unveiled a pair of video-recording sunglasses.
The players of Guinea-Bissau's squad for the Africa Cup of Nations have ended a strike over unpaid bonuses.
David Cameron has said grammar schools should be allowed to expand but would not be drawn on when a decision on plans to open a satellite school in Kent will be made.
Championship side Bristol City came from behind to beat 10-man Watford in the EFL Cup third round.
Two wings at a prison in Wiltshire have been "destroyed" during a disturbance involving three inmates.
Batsman Joe Root says former England coach Peter Moores has "got the best out" of him.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann says his side's League One play-off hopes are still alive despite Tuesday's 3-1 defeat by Southend.
Hundreds of people have attended a public inquiry into plans to build 500 homes in Kent.
A railway line in Hampshire which was closed after a sinkhole opened up has reopened.
A black police officer was investigated after an allegation a monkey toy was racist was made by a white detective, the BBC has learned.
Philippine President-elect Rodrigo Duterte has said journalists who defame him will be killed.
A surfer who was attacked by a shark while surfing in Western Australia has died in hospital.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after getting into difficulty in the water at an event in Conwy county.
For decades Botswana has been one of Africa's mining powerhouses, thanks to its vast reserves of diamonds.
A toddler who died in September 2015 had a "horrific" catalogue of injuries, a court has heard.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's "mental toughness" after they held on to beat St Johnstone at McDiarmid Park.
A man has been found guilty of killing his partner after she sent him text messages saying he was "trying to kill" her.
Three security guards who saved a man trapped in a car in a dyke have given him a "kiss-of-life".
Armed police in England and Wales are to be recruited by the Metropolitan Police, Met Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said.
Italy's parliament has passed a controversial new electoral law that will change the way politicians are elected.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by strong gains in bank shares.
A driver who caused the death of a four-year-old boy in a car crash has been jailed for seven years.
Jonnie Peacock, Kadeena Cox, Sammi Cockroft and Liz Whitehead have been named in the Great Britain team for the World Para-athletics Championships in London.
The Afghan president has spoken to the father of a woman who was allegedly gang raped, after he threatened to kill himself in protest.
A man who broke through the roof of a flat has been jailed for six months.
Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott hit his third first-class century of the summer as Somerset's batsmen struggled on day three of their County Championship match.
Mickey Demetriou's free-kick gave Newport County manager Mike Flynn victory over Yeovil Town.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England Under-21s came from behind to beat Guinea at the Toulon Tournament in France.
A Labour MP, Emily Thornberry, has been branded a "snob" after she tweeted an image of a house with England flags.
Richard Carpenter, lead singer of The Carpenters, is suing his record label for royalties from digital downloads of the band's music.
A trade mission led by Scottish oil and gas companies is visiting Myanmar to explore opportunities in the country.
Hundreds of thousands of undocumented migrants from the Dominican Republic are living in camps in neighbouring Haiti.
A primary school in Horley is to be expanded to meet demand for extra places.
League Two side Portsmouth's latest signing, Yeni Ngbakoto, says he has come to the club to play.
Iain Henderson and Tommy Bowe could return to action for Ulster against Zebre in the Pro12 on Friday.
Councillors in a Powys town have objected to plans to turn a pub into a shop.
Queen of the South twice came from behind to earn a point against Falkirk in the Scottish Championship.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott is facing pressure from within his own Liberal party to do more to help refugees.
Dozens of scientists and academics have warned the Scottish government's plan to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland could hamper research.
A four-year-old girl was refused entry to school for wearing a headscarf, a councillor has claimed.
A man who fraudulently claimed almost £40,000 in benefits has been jailed for six months.
A man who stabbed a great-grandfather to death after a crash has been found guilty of manslaughter by diminished responsibility.
The UK economy grew by 0.4% in the second quarter of the year, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has revised up its first estimate.
The Women's World Cup in Canada has been a huge success for women's football in the UK and I'm excited to be back in the country to see how the tournament goes.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said the party's new leader Neil Hamilton is "ageist" to return to frontline politics.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says Manchester United were "in our pockets" on Sunday.
The quality of life for older people living in care homes in Wales is to be reviewed.
Mark Evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of S4C.
Mae Prime Minister Theresa May wedi dweud ei gynnal etholiad cyffredinol y llywodraeth yn San Steffan, yn l undeb Ewropeaidd.
A team of scientists is launching a project to test for genetic evidence of alleged yeti-like creatures.
Uefa says the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) was "incomplete" in its investigation into Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho's failed drugs test.
The UK government's science advisory body has called for more regulation of genetically modified (GM) crops.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned remarks by the country's military's deputy chief of staff warning of a rise in anti-foreigner sentiment.
The future of Welsh language broadcaster S4C's funding is being considered by the UK government as a review into its future continues.
One of Scotland's busiest railway stations is to close for six months for major engineering work.
Liverpool owner Mohamed Al Hasawi says the sale of the club has been completed.
There has been a slight dip in the number of A* and A grades in some subjects in England and Wales, with the number of A* and A grades falling by just one point.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned of a "more generalised" slowdown in the global economy.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been left out of the main debate for US Republican presidential hopefuls.
Leicester Tigers and England centre Ellis Genge has signed a new contract with Bristol.
Some jobs at a DVLA centre in Swansea could be cut, the roads minister has said.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the change to flat pitches at New Road has been a success.
If you work for Facebook and you want to live next to the company's headquarters in Silicon Valley, California, you're going to have to check in to Facebook Town.
A teenage boy has appeared in court charged with murdering 16-year-old Bailey Gwynne at an Aberdeen school.
Walsall have signed Carlisle United goalkeeper Luke Prosser on a two-year deal.
Three teenagers jailed for killing a man have had their sentences increased at the Court of Appeal.
From the moment the flame was lit at the Maracana Stadium on Sunday night, the mood was one of euphoria.
The legacy of the Sykes-Picot map of the Middle East drawn 100 years ago by British and French diplomats is under threat.
Winger Patrick Roberts says he has learned from his time at Manchester City and is determined to improve further at Celtic.
English League One and League Two clubs spent £3.1m on agents' fees in the 2016-17 season, an increase of 37%.
League One side Blackpool have signed former Watford goalkeeper Sean Gilmartin as goalkeeping coach, while Dean Brill has left the club.
"I don't want to talk about the dark web," says Mark Dingledine.
A man killed his wife before killing himself, an inquest has heard.
At half-time in the Euro 2016 qualifier against Malta, Gordon Strachan was talking about his team's "stuffiness" in the opening 45 minutes.
Bury boosted their League One survival hopes with a 2-1 win over Coventry at Gigg Lane.
The Australian government says 46 Vietnamese asylum seekers have been sent back to Vietnam.
World champion Marc Marquez secured the MotoGP title with victory in the Catalunya Grand Prix.
World champion Helen Glover says her partnership with Polly Swann is " clicking" ahead of the World Cup regatta in Amsterdam.
The Liberal Democrats' mission is "clearer than ever", Nick Clegg has said, as he accused the Conservatives of a "snooper's charter".
China's industrial production grew at a slower pace in April than in the previous month, according to official figures.
When Bill Gates decided 20 years ago that Microsoft would spend big on research and development, he was right.
Labour have won the general election in Wales, but the Liberal Democrats have lost all but one of their seats.
League Two side Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Alex Tshibola and Mansfield Town striker Beningham on loan until the end of the season.
Voting has begun in the general election in Merseyside.
A mystery donor has paid for a huge billboard in County Down to show support for a boy who has been diagnosed with a rare form of cancer.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in the Pride London parade in central London.
A helicopter manufacturer is to be "significantly downsized" and "fully closed".
A man has been remanded in custody charged with abducting a woman and threatening to "ruin her life", a court has heard.
Previously secret Nato documents have revealed how the UK claimed the remote rock of Rockall in the North Atlantic as its own.
The artist who created The Beatles' Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band has been honoured for his contribution to the city.
National League side Alfreton Town have signed York City midfielder Shaun Mooney on loan until January.
The UK government's renewable energy plan, published in March 2013, says the UK is "on track" to meet its greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets by 2050, with the use of renewable energy sources, such as biomass, set to be a key part of the mix.
The International Monetary Fund's latest assessment of the state of the UK's finances is not good news for the Conservatives.
Former Test House presenter Sophie Raworth is to join the new presenting team on BBC Two's news programme Watchdog.
The head of the Liberia Football Association (LFA) has threatened to challenge the integrity of Fifa's presidential election if the man in charge does not step aside because of a potential conflict of interest.
A man has been found guilty of raping and murdering a teenage girl on her bed 35 years ago.
Spending the BBC's licence fee in the last two years has helped boost the UK economy by more than £8bn, the BBC has revealed.
World number four Ding Junhui thrashed Mark Williams 20-1 to reach the World Championship quarter-finals.
The US has lifted human rights restrictions on security aid to Bahrain.
A ticket for The Beatles' first gig in the UK in 1962 is expected to fetch up to £1,000 when it is sold at auction.
Young people leaving care in England are not getting the support they need, say MPs in a report.
Rules requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" should be scrapped, a teaching union has said.
A body has been found by police searching for a man from Rhondda Cynon Taff who has been missing since the weekend.
Actor David Oyelowo has said Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" is "disingenuous".
A system to protect vulnerable people in England from being removed from their care home or hospital should be overhauled, the Law Commission has said.
Margaret Thatcher's time as prime minister in the 1980s and 1990s was a time of big changes to the way we live and work.
Oil giants BP and GDF Suez have announced a new oil discovery in the Central North Sea.
Red Bull have pulled out of talks with Mercedes to supply engines in Formula 1 next season.
A cruise ship disabled in the Gulf of Mexico for five days with more than 4,000 people on board has arrived in port in the US.
Harlequins survived a thrilling London Irish fightback to reach the European Challenge Cup semi-finals.
People in Guernsey are being asked to identify areas of the island where development could take place, the States Department has said.
The director of the Scottish accent in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire is to appear at a screening of the film in Kingussie.
Marcus Trescothick and Peter Trego hit centuries as Somerset fought back on day three against Middlesex.
A report into the so-called "Trojan Horse" schools scandal in Birmingham found evidence of an "aggressive Islamist ethos" in some schools, a leaked report says.
Venezuela's National Assembly was plunged into darkness in the middle of a debate on an energy bill when power cuts hit the building.
A woman from a small town in northern Vietnam had to bribe doctors to refer her three-year-old son to a bigger hospital for eye treatment.
Argentina is taking legal action against five oil companies drilling in the Falkland Islands.
Two of England's World Cup-winning rugby players who have been named in the squad for the tournament in New Zealand have played for their local club.
The world's oldest person has died in Italy at the age of 116.
Scarlets hooker Ken Owens says Racing 92 are the best team in Europe.
Widnes Vikings moved out of the Super League relegation zone with victory over St Helens.
A boxer who was banned from Team Wales has said she will never box for the country again.
Maria Sharapova's return to action at the Porsche Grand Prix in Stuttgart was a strong indication that she is back.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Kei Nishikori in straight sets to win the Shanghai Masters.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has confirmed that he is open to the possibility of adding another striker to his squad.
French President Francois Hollande has said the European Union must be "simple" and "clear", after the rise of Eurosceptic parties.
David Cameron was "wilfully dishonest" over immigration, UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said.
The UK should renew its Trident nuclear weapons system, Theresa May has said.
A £250m fund to encourage councils in England to return to weekly bin collections has opened.
The Amazon rainforest was a "prehistoric supermarket" for plants and animals, Swansea scientists have claimed.
Luke Walsh's late drop goal gave Catalans Dragons victory at Hull FC in Super League.
Lord of the Rings actor Sir Christopher Lee is to release a new album of operatic heavy metal.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's reign as Cardiff City manager was a turbulent one, with the Norwegian sacked after just seven months in charge of the Bluebirds.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says the club must learn from their "difficult" season in the Premier League.
Labour's Jon Ashworth has been re-elected Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner.
The Queen has dined out at a historic inn in East Lothian.
Stephen Paul Copoc, a student from Liverpool, travelled to Sheffield with friends, who all survived.
A Philippine military court has found a US marine guilty of homicide for killing a transgender woman in the Philippines.
Colin Fleming says tennis players should be banned from the sport if they are found to be fixing matches.
The US military is considering a request to transfer Pte Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison to receive treatment for her gender identity disorder, the Pentagon has said.
David Cameron is to set out his "unwavering commitment" to the Conservative Party after Iain Duncan Smith's resignation as work and pensions secretary.
British number one Heather Watson lost in straight sets to American qualifier Vania King in the first round of the Korea Open.
When your family relocates to a new country, what do you do to stay in touch?
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in the final practice session at the Belgian Grand Prix.
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland Under-21 international Kyle McClean.
The Walt Disney Company has agreed to buy Pixar Animation Studios for $7.4bn (£5.4bn).
The number of students in England and Wales who have been placed on to university courses through clearing has risen to more than 46,000.
Fertilising the world's ice-free land with a key ingredient for animal feed will be a major challenge.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said his government is considering restrictions on foreign buyers of Canadian homes.
A six-year-old boy who underwent a successful liver transplant a year ago is recovering well, his mother has said.
A woman has been given a suspended prison sentence for defrauding a charity set up by a teenager who had a bucket list of things she wanted to achieve before she died.
A former police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for eight years for grooming and sexual activity with a child.
ScotRail Alliance and the RMT union have reached an in-principle agreement in the long-running dispute over driver-only trains.
A 40ft (12m) whale has been spotted in the Firth of Forth.
Sheffield Panthers beat Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils 6-1 in the first game of the Challenge Cup final.
Ugly Betty actress Vanessa Williams has received an apology from the Miss America pageant for the way she was treated 32 years ago.
Bids for four Royal Navy frigates to be sold as scrap are still being considered, the BBC has learned.
The business case for a subsea electricity cable linking the Western Isles to the mainland has been submitted.
Sweden's former ambassador to Mali, Johan Gustafsson, has been freed after being kidnapped by al-Qaeda in Mali in 2013.
Will Grigg scored twice as Wigan Athletic thrashed Blackburn Rovers at the DW Stadium.
Children with type 1 diabetes in Wales need better care, experts have said.
Nottingham Forest came from behind to earn a point against Preston at the City Ground.
The father of a man who was killed during anti-government protests in Venezuela has called on President Nicols Maduro to clear his son's name.
A former loyalist prisoner is to take legal action in a bid to prevent a US university handing over interviews he gave as part of an oral history project.
A tortoise has been stolen from a tank in a pet shop.
A case of bird flu has been found at a turkey farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
The UN refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of forcibly returning thousands of refugees fleeing Boko Haram militants to Nigeria.
The family of a seven-year-old girl who drowned in a swimming pool have won a High Court battle for compensation.
Middlesbrough defender Mustapha Carayol says he has finally accepted an invitation to play for The Gambia.
Burundi's ruling party has won a majority of seats in parliamentary elections marred by months of unrest.
Interest rates on some of the UK's most popular savings accounts are at or near record lows.
The Forth Bridge has been awarded World Heritage Site status by the United Nations.
The Scottish Football Association's statement on Gordon Strachan's future as manager of the national team in World Cup qualifying Group F was a statement of faith in the man.
Planting trees that soak up carbon dioxide from the atmosphere could help curb climate change, say scientists in Germany.
Scotland's party leaders have been campaigning across the country on the final day of the general election campaign.
Burkina Faso has asked France to declassify documents about the killing of President Thomas Sankara 30 years ago, his family lawyer has said.
At least 11 people have been killed after a pedestrian bridge collapsed in the western Indian state of Goa.
Drivers in Edinburgh are likely to spend £2.8bn a year in traffic jams over the next 10 years, according to new research.
A man secretly filmed women in a Falkirk shopping centre with a hidden camera, a court has heard.
More than 100 people have been arrested in the US state of Texas on suspicion of human trafficking, police say.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright has warned Danny Foster and Danny Swanson they will face the "hardest punishment" after an alleged altercation in the 1-0 defeat by Hamilton.
The nominations for the 2015 Grammy Awards have been announced in Los Angeles, USA.
Millions of Muslims are celebrating Eid al-Fitr - the end of the holy month of Ramadan.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed.
A transgender woman who killed herself in a men's prison told her boyfriend she was going to kill herself, an inquest has heard.
The number of bankruptcies and personal insolvencies in Scotland has risen, according to official figures.
Pupils injured when a tractor trailer carrying them on a school trip overturned have spoken of their shock.
Andy Murray will lead Great Britain to victory in the Davis Cup final against Belgium on Sunday.
Anthony Joshua says his fight against Wladimir Klitschko on Saturday is the "defining fight" of his career.
Pope Francis has decried the "complicit silence" of the world over the persecution of Christians at a Good Friday service at the Colosseum in Rome.
A judge has ordered the media not to report the name of the man accused of a deadly shooting at a Colorado cinema.
A huge swarm of locusts is threatening to devastate Bolivia's crops.
Former Wales rugby captain Sir Gareth Edwards has been awarded a knighthood for services to the sport.
Scotland's hopes of qualifying for the Euro 2016 finals suffered a major blow as they were comprehensively beaten by England at Hampden.
The ability of the emperor penguin in the Antarctic to adapt to changing conditions has been revealed.
A pair of polar bears have moved into a Scottish wildlife park in a bid to breed for the first time.
Guy Martin will ride in the Lightweight TT at the Isle of Man TT as team-mate to defending champion Alastair McGuinness.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has left court after being sentenced for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
A whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour.
The police officer who arrested a black woman who died in a Texas jail cell has been charged with perjury.
League One rivals Shrewsbury and Fleetwood played out a goalless draw in the first round of the EFL Cup.
Harry Styles' tweet saying he's "so proud" of One Direction has become the most retweeted message of all time on Twitter.
Germany's constitutional court has ruled that a former member of the secretive Maoist commune in Chile should be extradited to face charges of crimes against humanity.
New Welsh MPs have been giving their first statements in the House of Commons.
If you were to go to a fair in the 19th Century, there would be a fairground boxing ring.
A village pub has been named the UK's Community Pub of the Year.
Mexico's authorities are investigating allegations that children in the eastern state of Veracruz received fake cancer treatment.
Researchers at the Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) have announced that they have failed to detect any new superparticles.
National League North club Gloucester City chairman John Hughes has warned the club could fold unless fans return to the club.
The funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the London Marathon has been held in Fife.
A teenager who was held at knifepoint and raped in a Belfast flat has urged other victims to come forward.
A member of so-called Islamic State (IS) has been killed in a US air strike in Syria, a Pentagon spokesman has said.
The stars offron's High School Musical and The Fault in Our Stars were among the big winners at the MTV Movie Awards.
Plymouth Argyle striker Jack Spencer will be out for six to eight weeks with a hamstring injury.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of Chelsea's Champions League squad.
Conservationists in Spain have warned tourists to stop harassing a young bottlenose dolphin that washed up on a beach.
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of men during a robbery in Edinburgh.
A County Down GP has climbed the highest mountain in the world 31 times in a month in a bid to improve his patients' health.
Journalist Lalita Kewlani, who was made wheelchair-bound at the age of three, says she has always believed that "disability can never overshadow her beauty".
Power has been restored to all homes and businesses affected by a power cut in Northern Ireland on Friday night.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death.
Edinburgh City Council has said it is still "100% committed" to building a cycle path across the city.
The number of midwives in Wales is being put on "watch", a report has said.
The UK's participation in the 2003 invasion of Iraq increased the terrorist threat to the UK, the former head of MI5 has said.
Many Clouds will attempt to become the first horse since Red Rum in the 1970s to win back-to-back runnings when the Grand National takes place on Saturday, with 16 runners.
The head of the Education Authority in Northern Ireland has said teachers have been "confused" by the ongoing industrial action.
Every year, keepers at Chester Zoo count the animals.
The number of people arrested for being drunk on a plane at UK airports has more than doubled in a year, figures obtained by BBC Panorama show.
Police in western Germany are searching for a teenager suspected of raping and killing a 15-year-old boy after the boy's picture was posted on the internet.
The Green Party is calling for a second referendum on any Brexit deal, co-leader Caroline Lucas has said.
A mental health trust has been praised for treating patients with "kindness, dignity and respect" by inspectors.
Two gunmen have shot dead a gay rights activist and a friend in Bangladesh.
Grand National winner Rule the World has been retired after finishing third in the Punchestown Grand National on Saturday.
An experimental vaccine against the Ebola virus is to be sent to Liberia for a trial of 10,000 volunteers.
Searches have been made for a 25-year-old man who has been missing since Thursday.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes has died at the age of 74.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has more than doubled in the past 40 years, according to a charity.
The search for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month is to resume on Tuesday.
The average price of petrol and diesel at the UK's petrol and diesel filling stations rose by more than 4p per litre in July.
Students have been sent a letter by Oxford Brookes University asking them to "consider their neighbours" after complaints about noise and anti-social behaviour.
With the centenary of Arthur Miller's birth just a year away, the American playwright's work is being celebrated on stage in the UK.
Visitors have been banned from a hospital after an outbreak of norovirus.
A man has appeared in court charged with an acid attack.
A French cross-Channel ferry operator has been liquidated after Eurotunnel failed to buy it.
Thousands of Jordanian opposition supporters have held a protest in the capital Amman against a new electoral law passed by King Abdullah.
Serial killer Levi Bellfield has denied giving a confession to the murder of 13-year-old Milly Dowler.
The Israeli cabinet has voted to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes deserves more recognition for his achievements at Pittodrie, says former Pittodrie striker Steven Thompson.
Romelu Lukaku says he is close to signing a new contract with Everton and wants to play in the Champions League.
The death of Islam Karimov, the authoritarian president of Uzbekistan, has left the Central Asian state without a clear successor.
A previously unreleased Led Zeppelin session recorded for the BBC in 1971 has been released for the first time.
As the Prince of Wales celebrates his 800th birthday, the BBC News website looks at the history of the country.
A prison officer has been attacked with a razor blade at a prison in County Antrim, a union has said.
Millions of UK shoppers are expected to return items bought online in the run-up to the Boxing Day sales.
Northern Ireland's new health minister has told the annual conference of the Royal College of Nursing.
The father of a girl injured in a coach crash in Belgium in which a teacher was killed has said she is still "emotionally not right".
Dundee scored two goals after a controversial 'ghost goal' against Motherwell at Dens Park.
Former Dundee United and Rangers midfielder Jon Daly says he would consider a return to Dundee United.
Derby County moved up to fourth in the Championship with a convincing win at Ipswich Town.
Oil prices have risen above $50 a barrel for the first time in six months as a global supply glut appears to be easing.
A man who made a lap around the Chinese capital Beijing in a Ferrari has been arrested, state media report.
A quarter of council homes sold through the government's Right to Buy scheme in England have not been replaced, housing charity Shelter has said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has backed a bill to limit foreign ownership of Russian media in the wake of the Ukraine crisis.
Plans to demolish and replace two fire stations in the West Midlands have been approved.
A man has been arrested after a car with two children in the back was stolen in Belfast.
National League Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Matt Tubbs.
The European Commission President, Jean-Claude Juncker, has unveiled plans to redistribute 160,000 asylum seekers across the EU.
The chairman of Northampton Town Football Club, David Cardoza, received millions of pounds from a company that went into administration, the BBC has learned.
A bitter war of words between Russia's opposition and the leader of Chechnya has gone viral on social media, with the Chechen leader branded the "shame of Russia".
Former Haitian Prime Minister Guy Philippe has pleaded not guilty in a US court to charges of drug trafficking and money laundering.
A health trust is offering new nurses free accommodation when they start work in a bid to boost staff numbers.
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai (Bombay) say they have arrested nine people over the collapse of a building that killed at least 61 people.
France footballer Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation in a sex tape blackmail case.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jordan Chow on a two-year deal.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 80 runs at Old Trafford.
Record numbers of people are expected to take part in the UK's traditional Christmas Day swimming events.
Chinese weightlifters Cai Lei, Chen Xiexia and Liu Chunhong have been banned for four years after failing retests of their samples from the 2008 Olympics.
The number of empty shops on Scotland's high streets has fallen in the last three years, according to a new study.
The UK will not be allowed to negotiate its own trade deal with the EU after Brexit, the EU has warned.
Shares in Greece's banks have fallen sharply after talks with its creditors failed to break the deadlock over the country's debt crisis.
German airline Lufthansa has failed in its bid to block a 24-hour pilots' strike due to start on Tuesday.
Glastonbury Festival has pleaded guilty to polluting a river after a leak of raw sewage.
The next government will need to cut spending by more than a fifth of national income to balance the books, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) has said.
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes' loan spell at Standard Liege has ended.
For Ross Moriarty, the British and Irish Lions training camp has been a baptism of fire.
Labour's Tristram Hunt is calling for a cross-party review of the exams system in England's schools.
Staff at the Northern Ireland operations of US firm Caterpillar have been told to expect a major jobs announcement on Thursday.
The UK's broadband speeds are "mediocre" and "woefully inadequate", the Institute of Directors (IoD) has said.
Emergency services were called to a river after reports of a body in the water - only to discover it was a sculpture.
A man has been jailed for two years after being caught by an undercover police officer posing as a teenage girl.
Solihull Moors claimed their first win of the National League season with a 1-0 victory at Bromley.
US President Barack Obama has called for the world to accept at least 20 million refugees by 2020.
Former Liberal Democrat MP David Laws has told the BBC he is unlikely to stand again as an MP.
Human remains have been found during work at the Corn Exchange in Brighton.
Mae griwiau tn o'r gwasanaethau yn yr ardal wedi cyhoedd osgoi'r ardal oedd modd yn ddydd Mawrth, yn l Gwasanaeth Tn.
Victims of flooding in York are struggling to apply for grants, an MP has said.
A woman who was seriously injured in a motorway crash which killed a friend on a hen party has set up a charity to help other victims.
Police in Cuba have detained at least 20 opposition activists during a protest against the government's human rights record.
New car sales in Scotland rose in March, according to new figures.
A group of men who are impersonating police officers are targeting tourists in Edinburgh city centre.
The EU has said a controversial trade deal with Canada, known as CETA, will not be renegotiated, despite protests in Europe.
A chocolatier has recreated the ships of the Battle of Trafalgar in chocolate.
A man who had a cardiac arrest outside his home survived after being shocked 17 times by paramedics.
Enniskillen rower Alan Campbell has won a silver medal in the men's single sculls at the European Rowing Cup in Rotterdam.
Children's charity Kids Company was aware of allegations of sexual abuse at one of its sites, the BBC has learned.
A pet shop owner has asked shoppers to stop feeding his overweight dog treats in a supermarket.
Bradford City secured their place in the second round of the League One play-offs as Luke Evans' early goal proved enough.
The new mayor of South Africa's biggest city, Tshwane, has scrapped 10 new BMW cars bought by the governing party.
The new owners of the Bernard Matthews factory in Great Witchingham have agreed to honour current pensions, a union has said.
A man in a wheelchair has blown himself up at Beijing International Airport, Chinese officials say.
One person has been taken to hospital after a tanker overturned on the M4 near Cardiff.
He was a midfielder who spent five years in jail for refusing to sign a new contract with a French club but now Jean-Marc Bosman is a man on a new path.
A report to Dumfries and Galloway Council is to give an update on the progress of a new £1.7m research centre for the Scottish government.
A council has promised to work closely with Legoland to ease traffic congestion after thousands of visitors were stuck in long queues to leave the theme park.
A care home has been told to improve after inspectors found it was failing to meet the needs of its residents.
US singer and YouTube star ConorCancellation has come out as gay in a video on his channel.
A girl whose home was burgled has written a letter to the burglars.
A second teenager has been arrested after a machete was reportedly found at a busy south London department store.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has signed for United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising.
Chelsea have signed former Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas from Barcelona on a four-year deal.
A 20-year-old British man has survived after falling from a 14th floor balcony in New Zealand to the ground.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's coach Toni Minichiello says the Olympic silver medallist needs time to consider her future.
Kenny Miller's stoppage-time equaliser earned Burton Albion their first Championship point of the season at Wolves.
A heavily pregnant woman was held at gunpoint by a gang of men during a raid on her home in Salford.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Borders has risen by 5% in the last year, according to a Scottish Borders Council survey.
The tiny Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan is one of the world's newest and most isolated countries.
Shelley Kerr's appointment as the new head coach of the Scotland women's national team is the right move, according to Scotland captain Gemma Grant.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rate for the second time this year.
Hundreds of people have attended a public meeting about plans to close a community hospital in Flintshire.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon striker Eric Choupo-Moting from German side Bayer Leverkusen on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Mark Connolly's second-half header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over Blackpool in League Two.
The Wales Bill has passed in the Senedd after AMs voted to give consent to the legislation.
As Egypt's anti-government protests continue in Cairo's Tahrir Square, the BBC has been speaking to some of the people who have been camped out there for weeks.
The Scottish Conservatives have lost the Ayr West by-election to the SNP.
An Italian appeals court has overturned the convictions of seven scientists found guilty of manslaughter for failing to warn of a deadly earthquake.
A substance found in fish oil has been found to boost the body's defences against deadly infections.
A report into the sexual exploitation of teenagers in care has found that police failed to properly investigate the extent of the abuse.
In a high-speed train travelling from Seoul to Busan, South Korean actor Gong Yoo and actress Song Hye-Jin are on a mission to save the world.
The Democratic Republic of Congo singer Olomide has been arrested in the capital, Kinshasa, over an alleged assault on a female dancer in Kenya.
Three convicted sex offenders have absconded from a prison.
Celtic have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager.
US rapper Kanye West has said he wants to work with Swedish furniture giant Ikea.
Passengers at Edinburgh Airport had to check in manually due to a computer failure.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a teenager was taken ill after taking tablets.
Burma has set up a government commission to investigate sectarian violence in the western state of Rakhine that left at least 88 people dead.
Gangsters who are involved in complex crimes such as loan sharking and bootlegging earn more money if they go to school, a study has found.
England full-back Sam Tomkins has returned to Wigan Warriors from rugby league's National Rugby League side.
The chief executive of Airbus, Fabrice Bregier, has said the company's UK operations will not be affected if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
The US space agency's Kepler telescope has confirmed its first Earth-like world.
A 21-year-old motorcyclist who died in a crash in Lancashire had just celebrated his birthday by touring Europe on his bike.
Bournemouth and Poland goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.
Two buildings are to be built in China, to help filter out the pollution in the air.
Great Britain's Tom Daley was "heartbroken" after failing to win Olympic gold in the men's 10m platform final.
Alexis Sanchez scored a superb winner as holders Arsenal beat Burnley to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals.
A report into the £1.2bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio is to be published on Friday.
The official Twitter account of a Kent council has been hacked.
Amara Koroma is a student in the UK and he's been trying to find a flat to live in.
The BBC's News at Ten is to be extended in the New Year.
The head of the Rugby Coaches' Association (RCA) says rugby union is heading towards a "hire-and-fire" approach.
Craig Shakespeare's "personal ambition" to succeed Claudio Ranieri as Leicester City manager is "almost out of order", says former Foxes defender Martin Keown.
The sister of a woman who took her own life after being discharged from hospital has criticised an NHS trust's report into her death.
Sony is to restart production of vinyl records for the first time in more than 30 years.
A female polar bear at a wildlife park in the Highlands is thought to be expecting her first cub.
Being in the sunshine several times a week can boost your vitamin D levels, say experts.
The government has unveiled plans to tackle non-violent extremism and the threat from so-called Islamic State (IS).
Campaigners are calling for a specialist muscular dystrophy treatment centre in Wales.
A £4.5m plan to repair a flood-damaged bridge has been approved by councillors.
Ricky Burns retained his WBO world super-lightweight title with a unanimous points decision over Mexico's Arturo Beltran in Glasgow.
Thousands of people are marching in the South African city of Durban to condemn recent xenophobic attacks.
A man has died after falling from a block of flats.
A committee of MPs has launched an inquiry into the government's plans to partially remove the so-called "purdah" rules for campaigning in the EU referendum.
A 73-year-old man from a village in East Sussex is to be the first person in the UK to receive a tax-free lump sum from his pension.
The remains of a Stone Age home have been found on a Monmouthshire estate.
A cyclist has been taken to hospital after a crash on the A470 in Monmouthshire.
Nearly 4,000 NHS staff in the UK are paid more than £150,000 a year, according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Daily Telegraph.
It's the 100th anniversary of the start of one of the biggest battles of World War One.
The president of the European Commission has defended plans for an emergency brake on in-work benefits for EU migrants in the UK.
A former teacher who sexually assaulted a 14-year-old girl has been given a 12-month suspended sentence.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 17-year-old boy was stabbed in a supermarket car park in West Sussex.
The 10 Republican candidates for US president traded insults in a fiery debate in Colorado.
A missing music shop owner has been found dead in his car in Birmingham.
Ukraine's president has called for a "firm reaction" from the world after pro-Russian rebels captured the strategic town of Debaltseve.
Green Day have returned to the top of the UK album chart with their comeback album Revolution Radio.
League One side Bury have appointed Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark as their new head coach on a two-and-a-half year deal.
The Turkish authorities have dismissed another 543 military officials in the wake of the failed July coup attempt, the state-run Anadolu news agency says.
Councils across England are carrying out "urgent reviews" of tower blocks following the Grenfell Tower fire.
SuperTed creator Mike Young is planning to return to Wales to make a new series of the comic book superhero 30 years after it was first broadcast.
At least 14 Egyptian Muslim pilgrims have been killed and 20 injured in a bus crash in Saudi Arabia, Egypt's state news agency Mena reports.
Former England captain John Barnes, who was knocked to the ground in a street attack, has said he is "not yet ready" to meet the man who attacked him.
World number one Dustin Johnson pulled out of the first round of the Masters at Augusta after a freak fall.
Exeter City moved up to second in League Two with victory over Cambridge United at St James Park.
Senior management at Rolls-Royce are not committed to investing in research and development in Derby, a Unite union official has said.
Australia's decision to postpone their tour of Bangladesh because of security fears is "oversensitive", Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Shaharyar Khan has said.
Scientists have discovered how the body of a bird can fight off a deadly fungus.
A plane was forced to make an emergency landing after it was struck by lightning while taking off.
A CT scan has revealed the complete nervous system of a "creepy crawlies" ancestor.
A woman has appeared in court after the remains of a newborn baby were found at a house in south-west London.
Villagers are calling for action to be taken to ease traffic jams caused by a dual carriageway near Stonehenge.
A couple in Bradford believe they could be the UK's oldest married couple.
Birmingham City midfielder Lee Caddis is set to leave St Andrew's.
Australia paceman Mitchell Johnson hopes to have the scars of his Ashes heroics from two years ago come out.
Edvald Boasson Hagen won the 13th stage of the Tour de France in a sprint finish in Pinerolo.
An Orange hall in County Antrim has been vandalised.
A monster truck has crashed into a crowd of spectators at a car show in the northern Netherlands, killing at least three people.
Labour looks to be "walking in the opposite direction" after the general election defeat, a former shadow defence secretary has said.
Seven fire engines could be scrapped in a bid to save £1.3m from the fire service in Suffolk.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about plans by Apple and Google to encrypt data on mobile devices.
The head of Google, Eric Schmidt, has warned against the spread of mini-drones as weapons of war.
England and Northern Ireland are among the best performing education systems in Europe in international tests in maths, science and reading.
World number one Jordan Spieth will take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters after Rory McIlroy struggled at Augusta.
The UK is considering whether to launch air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) targets in Syria, after a suspected chemical attack on a rebel-held town in the country.
Two care workers who admitted covering up the death of a woman at a Birmingham care home have been given 12-month community orders.
The number of babies born in England in 2015 who were dependent on a harmful substance like alcohol, cocaine or heroin has been revealed.
The makers of a board game based on Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway have apologised after some of the answers were found to be "ridiculous".
Thousands of police officers have been deployed in Berlin ahead of a friendly football match between Germany and the Netherlands, amid fears of a Paris-style attack.
All mammals are sensitive to flashes of light emitted by power lines, scientists have discovered.
Imax, the world's largest cinema projection company, is seeking to list its shares in Hong Kong.
A 17-year-old driver who died in a crash on a mountain road had recently passed his driving test, an inquest has heard.
A learner driver has been stopped by police in a luxury sports car in Knightsbridge, west London.
Scooter Gennett hit four home runs in a game for the first time in his career as the Cincinnati Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 13-7.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of any wrongdoing.
World number one Andy Murray gave defending champions Great Britain a 2-1 lead over Japan in the Davis Cup.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said on a historic visit to the Somali capital, Mogadishu, that the US will continue to support the country.
Former England footballer Rio Ferdinand's wife has died after a "short battle" with cancer.
A major search has been launched for a teenager who went missing from a beach in Exeter.
A man accused of stabbing a motorist to death after a crash had been wrongly diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome, a court has heard.
League One side Peterborough United have sacked manager Graham Westley after Saturday's 3-0 defeat by Scunthorpe.
Media regulator Ofcom has invited bids for local TV channels in 21 areas of the UK.
An RAF Hawk jet was forced to fly in formation to land after the pilot was injured in the air, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A school textbook in India has been criticised for describing non-vegetarians as "satanic" and "depraved" for eating meat.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a 17-year-old boy was hit by a car in Bristol.
The Vale of Rheidol tourist railway in Ceredigion is one of the oldest tourist railways in the UK, but it is also one of the youngest.
Russian athletes ran away from drug tests and tried to bribe anti-doping officials, a report says.
The UK's Prime Minister Theresa May has said she will not be resigning, despite criticism of her handling of the Brexit vote.
A close ally of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has been charged with corruption and money laundering.
The world's most wanted wildlife crime suspects have been asked for the public's help to find them.
Asian shares have fallen after a survey indicated that China's manufacturing sector continued to shrink in September.
Ulster have appointed Jono Gibbes as their new head coach from next season.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has urged trade unionists to join her party.
Four people have been rescued after getting lost on Ben Nevis.
The takeover of Swiss agribusiness giant Syngenta by China's state-owned ChemChina has been cleared by US competition authorities.
The man who drove a stolen lorry into a Stockholm department store, killing four people and injuring 14 others, has been named as a suspected sympathiser of so-called Islamic State (IS).
Sam Baldock's first-half header gave Brighton victory over Wolves to move them up to fourth in the Championship.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Crystal Palace and Newport County defender Dean Pidgeley on a deal until the end of the season.
UKIP donor Arron Banks has renewed his offer to become the party's chairman, saying the party is "at a crossroads".
The first half of the Scottish Premiership season was a relatively quiet period in the transfer market, but the second half of the campaign saw a flurry of activity.
Marta Sosa normally wakes up early in the morning to wash her clothes and prepare for the day.
A car has crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
League One Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City defender Luke Davis on a permanent deal.
Great Britain's Robbie Grabarz won bronze in the high jump at the World Championships in London.
Tom Rogic's late winner gave Celtic victory over Aberdeen in the Scottish Cup final at Hampden.
Dungannon Swifts have signed former Crystal Palace midfielder Jamie Ketts on a one-year deal.
The five men accused of the 11 September 2001 attacks on the US have appeared in court for the first time.
Beyonce has scored nine nominations for the 2017 Grammy Awards.
The prime minister has been accused of "smoke and mirrors" after promising to fund a football stadium in Cornwall if he wins the election.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney is in talks with the club about a new contract.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed Oxford United striker Jamie Proctor on a one-month loan deal.
A rare World War Two Spitfire once owned by comedian Alec Lumsden has been sold at auction.
Two firms have announced plans to create more than 1,000 jobs in Scotland in the renewable energy sector.
Two hens have nested next to a pig at a Pembrokeshire castle.
The government's cap on immigration to the UK is having a "perverse" effect on the NHS and could have caused a shortage of nurses this winter, MPs have said.
The AA has said it will review its car insurance prices after a rise in the tax it pays on premiums.
Swansea City midfielder Joe Allen is a bird-rescuer, but his time on the pitch is more important to the 25-year-old.
The Church of England's Archbishop of Canterbury has said he wants Easter Sunday to be a fixed date.
At least 20 civilians have been killed in Russian air strikes on the Syrian city of Raqqa, the capital of so-called Islamic State (IS), activists say.
For years, the name of a town has been synonymous with the Land Rover brand - from the iconic Range Rover to the Range Rover Evoque.
Wrexham have signed Shrewsbury Town defender Jack Caton on loan until the end of the season.
A US appeals court has reinstated President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from six mainly Muslim countries.
Plans to axe full-time staff at libraries in West Yorkshire have been scrapped after a protest.
Lee Chung-yong's equaliser earned Sheffield Wednesday a point against Burnley at Hillsborough.
High Street bakery Greggs has reported a rise in sales in the third quarter of the year.
Germany's Michael Jung won Olympic gold in the eventing team event as Greece's Antonis Fischertakinou missed out on a medal.
Local communities in the UK are to be offered the chance to own up to 25% of renewable energy projects.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with shooting at cats in Surrey.
The Prince of Wales' Duchy of Cornwall was warned of a "potentially fatal" situation at a beach where a man died last year, the BBC has learned.
When you look at a humpback whale foetus, the first thing that strikes you is the size and shape of the creature.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.25% by the Bank of England.
A day after an international tribunal ruled in favour of the Philippines in its case against China's territorial claims in the South China Sea, China's state media are lashing out at the ruling.
Asian shares headed lower on Wednesday after weak US economic data raised fears of a slowdown in the world's largest economy.
David Warner's unbeaten 109 helped Australia secure a draw in the third and final Test against the West Indies.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from the German town of Deggendorf in Bavaria after the River Danube burst its banks.
A 43-year-old woman is in a serious condition in hospital after an assault in Gwynedd.
Two teenagers have been arrested at an illegal rave in east London.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani looks at cricket in Nigeria.
UK interest rates could remain lower for longer, the Bank of England's chief economist has said.
The maker of Apple's iPhones and iPads, Foxconn, has reported a jump in fourth quarter profits thanks to strong sales of the technology giant's products.
When the Duke of Cambridge visited the Shropshire town of Holywell last month, he was given a guided tour of the town's most famous landmark, a medieval shrine to a Welsh saint.
Nico Rosberg will win the Formula 1 world championship this weekend at the Interlagos circuit in Sao Paulo.
A man accused of raping a student who later killed herself has been cleared after the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) dropped the case.
About 200 jobs are to go at a chemical plant in Merthyr Tydfil, Rhondda Cynon Taff.
The location of the round table in King Arthur's Camelot may have been found.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is "very close" to ending his goal drought, says Foxes manager Claudio Ranieri.
As the government prepares to set out its plans for a referendum on the UK's relationship with the EU, the BBC's political editor, Laura Kuenssberg, looks at the growing Euroscepticism in the Conservative Party.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of "the days of compassionate conservatism".
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed trying to break up a "disturbance".
West Indies beat defending champions Australia by four wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 in Kolkata.
UKIP AM Nathan Gill has said he would give up his role as an AM and MEP if asked by new party leader Paul Nuttall.
The first series of Channel 4's Benefits Street attracted hundreds of complaints.
A pay deal has been agreed with the Prison Officers' Association (POA) to end a dispute over health and safety in jails.
A mystery photographer who took a "last photo" of a woman before she died has been urged to come forward.
Ivory Coast's government has banned the sale of skin lightening creams, which it says are harmful to health.
Labour and the Liberal Democrats have clashed in the House of Lords after the two parties failed to form an alliance on Brexit.
UK air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) killed at least 1,306 militants in Iraq, the government has said.
Norwich International Airport's passenger information website has been hacked by a "malicious" intruder.
A plan to build a new railway station in a Lancashire town has been approved.
A third man has been found guilty of murdering a man and burying his body in a concrete outhouse.
In the aftermath of the cyber-attack that hit Ukraine's government and businesses last month, the country's top cyber-cop has told the BBC he is still too scared to share the full scale of the fallout with his investigators.
Wasps moved to the top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks at the Ricoh Arena.
Five people have been injured after a double decker bus and a car crashed in Edinburgh.
British businessman Shrien Dewani has returned to the UK after being cleared of arranging his wife's murder on their honeymoon in South Africa.
The firm that plans to frack for shale gas in Lancashire has pledged to spend at least £50m in the county.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has sacked the country's top consumer protection official after a row with his daughter at a restaurant.
Downing Street hopes to work with the Burmese government to find and restore two Spitfires that went missing during World War Two.
Two people have been winched to safety after getting stuck on the summit of Snowdon's Snowdon Ridge.
Hundreds of asylum seekers may have to be released from detention after the government suspended a fast-track system used in some cases.
The prime minister's plan for a new constitutional settlement for the UK is to give the Scottish Parliament more power over taxation and spending, and to give the Welsh Parliament more control over the economy.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager is on the run after escaping from police custody in India.
Two men arrested on suspicion of the murder of a man whose body has never been found have been released.
A Fife-based interior fittings firm is to open a new office in London in a bid to boost sales.
The story of how the founders of the UK's fastest-growing craft brewery, BrewDog, came about, is a tale of two halves.
The value of the pound has continued to fall as worries about the UK's EU referendum campaign intensified.
A former TV producer jailed for life for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner is to appeal against his conviction.
The body of a British man who was killed fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been handed over to his family.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency (NSA) programme to collect millions of Americans' phone records is unconstitutional.
Championship side Preston North End have re-signed West Brom midfielder Anders Lindegaard on a season-long loan deal.
Video has emerged of a second dog kept in a cage at a police kennels.
Labour is "running around stamping its feet", shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna has told the BBC.
A Gwynedd pensioner was killed when he was hit on the head by a freak wave while on holiday in Malta, an inquest has heard.
A court in Iraq has sentenced 21 men to death over the killing of up to 1,700 soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in Tikrit in 2014.
A Bristol-based surf forecasting firm has been bought by action sports firm Surfstitch.
Spain's Sergio Garcia extended his lead at the weather-hit Dubai Desert Classic.
Efe Ambrose scored twice as Colchester came from behind to beat Bradford City in League One.
A pair of 4,500-year-old thatched huts have been recreated in Wiltshire.
Thousands of people have marched in cities across the US to demand President Donald Trump release his tax returns.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker will fight Andy Ruiz Jr for the WBO heavyweight title on 10 December after Tyson Fury vacated the belt.
Mae arweinydd p-wy sydd yn l i'r l i'r y, yn l arweinydd Hapus i chi i gyd!
Dylan Hartley will continue as England captain despite serving a two-year ban for biting, says Ian Ritchie.
The father of a US student who was imprisoned in North Korea for 15 months has accused the country of "barbaric" treatment of his son, who is now in a coma.
The slogan on the front of the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas is a little misleading.
A Mexican man has been charged with the murder of a US Border Patrol agent who was killed in 2010.
The White House has condemned bomb threats made to Jewish community centres across the US on Monday.
When you look at England's performance in the Six Nations against Italy at Twickenham on Saturday, it is easy to see why they are the team to beat this year: they ran in three tries, scored two and had a man sent to the sin-bin.
Chinese search giant Baidu has announced that it is releasing its self-driving car technology for free.
Rail companies have warned of severe disruption on Monday and Tuesday if a strike by Network Rail workers goes ahead.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a man wanted in connection with the rape of an elderly nun in March.
The governor of the US state of Texas has introduced a resolution asking people not to use the Chilean flag emoji as a substitute for the official state flag.
The Premier League has agreed a new three-year deal with NBC to broadcast live Premier League matches in the United States.
A road in Stafford is to be closed as part of a £3.5m project to upgrade the town's water supply.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador to protest against what it says was a violation of its airspace by a Russian warplane.
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards says his side's improved form in the Premiership this season is proof of their progress.
League One side Peterborough United defender Luke Young has returned to parent club Sheffield United on loan until the end of the season.
Belgian cyclist Robbert van den Driessche has been banned for six months for "technological fraud".
Ultimate Fighting Championship featherweight champion Conor McGregor is in Manchester for Saturday's fight against Floyd Mayweather.
George Ford will replace Owen Farrell at fly-half for England's first Test against Australia in Brisbane on Saturday.
A friend of a Stranraer girl who has a rare disease has launched a campaign to save her life.
The Rugby Football Union's decision not to include Lichfield in Women's Super Rugby is "disappointing", says the Women's Premiership club.
The Football Association's director of football Dan Ashworth says England Under-21s dropped players from their squad for the European Championship because it was "like being a first-team player".
US President-elect Donald Trump has promised a "America First" trade policy, promising to boost the US economy and create jobs.
A police officer who helped deliver a baby has said it was "one of the most rewarding" experiences of his career.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill is confident Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped by a gang of men has been jailed for two years.
A "vicious" man has been jailed for 20 years for raping and sexually abusing girls in Cambridgeshire.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict building in Aberdeen.
At least 60 properties have been flooded in Cambridgeshire after heavy rain and strong winds.
A report by a human rights body in Mexico says a government investigation into the disappearance of 43 trainee teachers in September was flawed.
The first UK military personnel have arrived in Somalia as part of a UN peacekeeping mission.
A seven-year-old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle she was playing on blew away is to have surgery.
American striker Abby Wambach will retire from international football after the United States tour of China in December.
The UK is the worst place in the world to breastfeed in the first year of life, according to figures from the World Health Organization.
Glasgow Warriors have confirmed the signing of South African lock Kebble.
Widnes Vikings head coach Denis Betts says his side's Super League form is not as bad as it was at the start of the season.
Buckingham Palace has said allegations that a woman was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew when she was 17 are "100% false".
Krystian Pearce's header rescued a point for Mansfield Town against York City.
Three people have been arrested after a man was found with serious head injuries in Brighton.
A man who forced a woman to have sex and filmed it has been jailed for two years.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season.
The first temporary buildings have arrived at a school in West Sussex which was destroyed by fire.
Wales wing George North will remain in England, says Pro Rugby Wales chief executive Gareth Davies.
Petra Kvitova thrashed third seed Simona Halep to reach the final of the WTA Elite Trophy in Zhuhai, China.
A man who was beaten by a masked gang in Londonderry has said he feared for the safety of his two young children who witnessed the attack.
A Denbighshire leisure centre which closed last year is set to reopen.
The number of child sexual exploitation (CSE) cases being investigated by West Yorkshire Police has more than trebled in a year to 456.
The driver of a tractor-trailer in the US has been charged with human trafficking after the deaths of at least 10 undocumented immigrants found in the vehicle.
In the wake of the death of a 15-year-old girl who died from an eating disorder, the BBC News website asks how the illness affected her.
An exhibition of belongings of the so-called Windrush generation has opened at Nottingham Carnival.
Labour has accused Culture Secretary John Whittingdale of behaving as if he were running the BBC amid reports the government is planning to force the corporation to change its TV schedules.
A woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) has said she was refused a taxi ride to a concert because she was in a wheelchair.
The comet lander Philae has woken from its slumber and contacted Earth, the European Space Agency (Esa) says.
A police officer who was called to a pub in Glasgow took to the stage to sing Take That's I Want To Hold Your Hand.
South Africa all-rounder Roelof Viljoen took five wickets as Derbyshire were bowled out for 187 in the One-Day Cup.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will take "unilateral action" next Monday if the government does not come up with a solution to the political crisis in Northern Ireland.
Northamptonshire paceman Ben Buck took 5-58 as Durham were bowled out for just 98 on day one at Chester-le-Street.
Police searching for a woman with learning difficulties who has been missing from her home in Inverclyde for more than a month have said they are searching the garden of her last known address.
A charity that helps people with facial burns says an advert for a company is "disturbing" and "harmful".
Gary Madine's first-half goal helped Bolton knock League One rivals Sheffield United out of the EFL Cup in the third round.
Hundreds of mosques in France are opening their doors to the public in a bid to promote the "real values" of Islam.
The UK and Scottish fishermen have secured a deal on North Sea fish quotas for 2015.
A pilot and his wife walked to a pub after a light aircraft crashed in Nottinghamshire.
For a century and a half the Swansea canal was the lifeblood of the industrial revolution.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are expected to be fit for Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday.
Private landlords in England are to be given new powers to evict tenants who are in the UK illegally under plans to be announced by the government.
Dutch Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten and Justice Minister Paul Teeven have resigned after a row over a payment to a convicted drug trafficker.
Billy Swankie scored a late winner as Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic came from behind to beat Cowdenbeath 4-3.
Highland Council has been refused planning permission for 40 homes in the village of Carrbridge in Cairngorms National Park.
A ward at a Cardiff hospital has been closed to new admissions after an outbreak of the winter vomiting bug norovirus.
In the shadow of Mao Zedong's "Great Hall of the People" and the Tiananmen Square protests of the 1970s, China's political and social order is under threat.
Every year, thousands of crocodiles in Australia lay their eggs on the banks of the Great Barrier Reef.
A fleet of gritters used to keep roads in Gloucestershire clear in the winter has been taken out of service.
The robots of the future are here!
A former friend of the parents of Liam Fee has told how she was "shocked" to learn of the toddler's murder.
Plans for a new power plant at a paper mill in Norfolk have been submitted.
Hundreds of migrants in the camp known as the "Jungle" in the French port city of Calais have begun moving to a new area.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said he hopes Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from Gaza "within the next few days".
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after three people were stabbed in a town centre.
Plans for eight councils in Wales have been unveiled by the local government minister.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable (TWC) for about $75bn (£55bn).
A man who was sexually abused at a boarding school in the 1970s has said the Scottish Abuse Inquiry is a waste of time.
Poland has refused entry to a Russian biker club accused of links to terrorism and organised crime, the Polish foreign ministry has said.
South Africa batsman Hashim Amla has resigned as captain after the second Test defeat by England.
Australia's economy grew by a better-than-expected 0.8% in the March quarter of 2015, helped by exports.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's most famous birds, with its distinctive bill and brightly coloured bill.
Mexican Force India driver Sergio Perez has signed a new contract to stay with the team for the 2017 season.
A London mother who home schooled her son has been ordered by a court to teach him at home.
Welshman Jamie Donaldson shot a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead after the second round of the Nordea Masters in Sweden.
Campaigners are calling for a women's clinic for survivors of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Wales.
Scientists in the US have discovered a new class of plastic materials that can be "re-used" and "repaired".
The UK's home-grown technology start-up scene is "dysfunctional", according to Neil Woodford, manager of the Woodford Investment Management fund.
The first new distillery in the Scottish Borders for nearly 200 years has opened.
A cigarette firm's factory in Nottingham has been destroyed in a major fire.
Life expectancy for men and women in the UK has been the same for more than 100 years, with men dying earlier than women on average.
A US college student has been charged for allegedly pouring peanut butter into the face of a classmate with a severe peanut allergy.
Norway has rejected a proposal to give Finland the highest point on its territory - because it would have broken up the country.
A leading economic think tank has cut its growth forecast for the Scottish economy.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he turned down an offer to be Donald Trump's secretary of state because he did not want the job.
A football club whose match was postponed after a motorway bridge collapsed has been reunited with a bride-to-be who asked for a photo with them on her wedding day.
A third person has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences.
The National Memorial Arboretum is to be home to a sculpture of soldiers from the disbanded Devonshire and Dorset Regiments.
A few weeks ago, Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi addressed a meeting of her National League for Democracy in the capital, Rangoon.
A man who was caught on CCTV attacking a supermarket worker with a hammer has admitted attempted robbery.
The National Black Police Association (NBPA) says it is "very, very concerned" about the way the police in England and Wales deal with complaints about racism.
A treasure trove of coins found in County Down has been declared treasure at an inquest in Banbridge, County Down.
The mother of a 15-year-old girl who died after being swept out to sea on a pier in Newcastle has warned of the dangers of the sea.
A British man is to be charged over the death of his pregnant partner in a scooter crash in Thailand.
A 23-year-old woman has been jailed for 16 years for killing a poker player in a "brutal" attack in north London.
In the Treasury, the Chancellor Philip Hammond is preparing for the worst.
Manchester United have named defender Luke Shaw in their squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Former first minister Alex Salmond has delivered his final speech to the Scottish Parliament.
Three hospitals in the US have been hit by a cyber-attack that encrypted patient files and demanded a fee of $100,000 (£77,000).
BodyPositive is here to help - and we want you to be a part of it!
Sepp Blatter should resign as head of world football's governing body Fifa, David Cameron has said.
A group of 20 diners left a restaurant in the Spanish town of Algeciras in a " stampede", the owner has said.
The number of incidents of livestock worrying by dogs in Scotland has increased, according to Police Scotland.
French driver Esteban Ocon will join Force India for the 2017 season.
A care home in Bristol has been told to improve the way it cares for elderly and disabled residents.
Talking to your dog is one of the best ways to keep them happy and entertained.
Three men have been found guilty of killing a man in a drug turf war.
Blackburn Rovers defenderpan Akpan has been banned for three games for violent conduct by the Football Association.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season.
Bristol City stunned Cardiff City at Ashton Gate.
Adam Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries as Middlesex dominated day two against Hampshire at Lord's.
Thousands of parents in south London are protesting against plans to stop giving their babies specialist formula milk.
The sight of a smear on the surface of your mobile phone, tablet or computer is enough to leave you scratching your head.
Thousands of people have signed up to be stem cell donors after a Cardiff University student appealed for help to save her life.
A girl who was born with an extra leg and pelvis has had a successful operation in Australia.
A man has been charged in connection with the death of a 46-year-old man in Dundee.
A person has died in a fire at a sheltered housing complex in Fife.
Newly-promoted National League side Forest Green Rovers defender Nathan Pond has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
Ladies' Day at Aintree is a time for fascinators, frocks and fascinators.
NHS England has been warned of a risk of future deaths after the death of a woman who was refused admission to a hospital's critical care unit.
James Horan has been elected as the new president of the GAA at the annual congress in Dublin.
Former England captain Sir Ian Botham believes the current one-day side can reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro says reports linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers are "just wasting time".
Michael van Gerwen beat Peter Wright 10-6 in the final of the Players Championship at Alexandra Palace.
Is a vote to leave the European Union a good thing for Northern Ireland?
Scotland captain Gordon Greer is open to the possibility of playing in the Championship next season.
The role of the UK's armed forces and the role of the armed forces in the world has always been a major issue for politicians.
The Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died at the age of 82.
The number of new council homes sold in Scotland rose by 20% in the past year, according to Scottish government figures.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly" and "recklessly" in the EU referendum campaign, Lord Heseltine has said.
Police have released images of two women they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in a takeaway.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against plans to close 44 children's centres in Oxfordshire, including the prime minister.
Crystal Palace secured their first Premier League win of the season at Goodison Park.
Teachers have been awarded more than £16m in compensation last year after being injured on the job.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) talks between the EU and the US have been a major issue in the general election.
Bristol head coach Andy Robinson says the timing of Steve Borthwick's departure as England forwards coach has "kicked" the club.
Germany's exports and industrial production fell in November, while the country's trade surplus narrowed.
A Red Cross volunteer who helped the victims of the Shoreham air disaster at the Shoreham Airshow has been awarded an MBE.
The body that oversees the Corporate Governance Code should get stronger, former City minister Lord Myners has said.
A giant statue of a gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled in Shropshire by illusionist Uri Geller.
When Vladimir Putin met the leader of France's far-right National Front, Marine Le Pen, at the Kremlin last month, he was careful.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 50,000 new apprenticeships if they win the assembly election.
Vodafone has said it is considering moving its headquarters out of the UK after the vote to leave the European Union.
A man who chatted about raping a baby and sexually abusing children has been jailed.
A police officer has been disciplined after a date of birth mix-up led officers to search the garden of a house in west Belfast.
Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won the women's doubles title at the US Open to complete a career Grand Slam.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says his side were not good enough in their World Cup quarter-final defeat by South Africa.
Gatwick Airport has offered a series of "guarantees" on how it would pay for a new runway.
League Two side Carlisle United have signed Portuguese winger Pedro on a deal until the end of the season.
Boris Johnson has been one of the Conservative Party's most high-profile cabinet ministers in recent years, but now he has announced he is to step down from the front bench and return to the Commons as an MP.
League One strugglers Crewe Alexandra have re-signed Bury striker Chris Lowe on loan until January.
A British woman jailed in Malaysia for posing naked on a sacred mountain has left the island.
Ethiopia has come a long way since the days of Haile Selassie, the father of the country's independence.
The walls of a room in the family home in the Turkish town of Suruc are plastered with pictures of the dead.
The director of a World War Two Bomber Command centre has said he is "disappointed and frustrated" by a series of break-ins at the site.
League Two side Northampton Town have been granted a winding-up petition by HM Revenue & Customs.
Shares of two Hong Kong-listed companies have fallen sharply after a sell-off in Chinese shares.
Two Labour MPs have quit the front bench in Jeremy Corbyn's reshuffle.
The BBC's Price of Football calculator shows the average cost of watching a Premier League match this season has risen by just £1.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been fined for taking selfies with endangered Asiatic lions in a national park.
A man charged with the attempted murder of two boys in Hampshire has died in prison.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender characters on US television has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg have clashed over funding for free schools in England.
Elections for the new mayor of Tower Hamlets in east London will be held on 5 May.
The Copper Box at the Olympic Park in London's Olympic Park was a hive of activity in the run-up to the Games.
New Castleford Tigers half-back Rangi Chase says he is in the best shape of his career after recovering from depression.
Britain's Martyn Rooney says he would "love" to be presented with his Beijing Olympic bronze medal at the Diamond League Anniversary Games.
Scientists have discovered a gene that could explain why some people enjoy more coffee than others.
Thailand's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn is set to succeed to the throne after the death of his father, the world's longest-reigning monarch.
DUP MP Sammy Wilson has said he will not stand for the party leadership.
The One Show presenter Alex Jones hopes her baby son will learn to speak Welsh when he returns to Wales for the first time.
A Church of Ireland bishop has said the church is "not up to pace" with the debate on same-sex marriage.
The body of a woman has been found at a house in Oxford.
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty in the US to illegally exporting a coating used in nuclear reactors to Pakistan.
The new Ghostbusters movie is set to be the start of a whole new Ghostbusters franchise, according to the director of the original.
Rail passengers are being warned of delays and disruption as improvements to the Bristol to London mainline begin.
Tens of thousands of people in Spain's Catalonia region have taken part in a pro-Catalan independence rally.
Prince Harry has taken to Instagram to share some photos of his visit to a children's home in Africa.
Singapore has banned app-based taxi booking services from operating in the city.
Chris Woakes will replace injured pace bowler James Anderson in the first Test against South Africa in Cape Town, starting on Thursday.
A police dog who was shot in the head during a raid in West Yorkshire has died.
A woman has died in a house fire in Aberdeen.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at protesters camped outside a police station in the US city of Minneapolis.
The prime minister of the southern African kingdom of Lesotho has said he has been ousted by the army in a coup attempt.
A Plaid Cymru AM's office in Cardiff has been broken into for the second time in a year.
Campaigners are walking in the Lake District to protest against plans to build pylons across the landscape.
Forty years ago this month, a convoy of North Vietnamese tanks rolled through the streets of Saigon, the capital of South Vietnam.
A curfew in the US city of Baltimore will end at midnight on Sunday, the city's mayor has said.
Ross County have signed Aberdeen midfielder Paul Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Nicklas Bendtner was taken off on a stretcher as Nottingham Forest secured their first win of the season with victory over Birmingham City.
Alviro Petersen hit Lancashire's first century of the County Championship season at Lord's.
Wall Street markets were little changed on Tuesday as investors digested the release of thousands of hacked emails from the Trump campaign.
Leaving the EU would be a "big mistake" for the UK, David Cameron has said, warning that three million people's livelihoods are directly linked to trade with the EU.
Lord Coe has announced he will step down as president of athletics' world governing body, the IAAF, at the age of 80.
Newly-promoted National League side York City have signed defender Emmanuel Kamdjo from Forest Green Rovers on a two-year deal.
Sunderland have terminated the contract of defender Emmanuel Eboue after he was banned from football for life by Fifa.
A neighbour of a BBC Scotland journalist who claims he was attacked with acid has told a court he tried to wash off his face after the attack.
Vauxhall is asking owners of some of its Zafira cars to check their dashboards, after a number of them burst into flames.
As the race for the US presidential nomination for the Republican and Democratic parties nears its end, the process of selecting who will be the party's nominee for November's election is starting to feel a bit like a game of musical chairs.
Star Wars fans are being given the chance to learn the art of lightsaber combat in a new sport.
A man has died in a two-car crash in Dorset.
Royal Dutch Shell has been given conditional approval to resume drilling for oil and gas in the Chukchi Sea off the coast of Alaska.
A 25-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher in a hotel room.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with the murder of his girlfriend at his home in Pretoria.
Access to the Tor network is being blocked by internet service providers in Turkey.
Middlesbrough striker Gaston Ramirez has left the Championship club.
In the 1980s, baseball fever swept across Japan after the country's national team won the World Series.
Islamic State (IS) militants are advancing on the ancient city of Palmyra in central Syria, activists and officials say.
A new road sign for a Co-op supermarket has been painted over after it read "left".
Bath's match against Leicester Tigers at The Rec on Saturday will be the biggest game of the season for the club's former backs coach and captain, Steve Guscott.
Thousands of workers in Nottingham have avoided paying a new parking charge.
Former Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren says he "compromised too much" when he was in charge of Rafael Benitez's side.
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts says he is "proud" to have turned down the chance to play for the Republic of Ireland at the World Cup.
A medieval university building in Ceredigion could be turned into a "world-class" arts centre as part of plans to regenerate the town centre.
Voters will be required to show photo ID at the polls under plans to reduce the risk of electoral fraud.
Peter Mullaney's third first-class century of the season put Nottinghamshire on top on day one against Surrey at Trent Bridge.
The family of a man who died at the Dignitas clinic in Switzerland have said he ended his life with "dignity and control".
A petition calling for horse riders to be given the same road safety awareness as motorists has been submitted to the Welsh assembly.
A book about a Welsh Guards soldier killed in Afghanistan has won the Bollinger Everyman Book of the Year award.
Deaf and disabled students are "extremely concerned" about plans to cut the funding they receive to help pay for specialist equipment and support at universities in England.
An author has said he was forced to cover up rude place names at a Women's Institute (WI) event.
Flanker CJ Stander says Ireland will not plan any extra protection for scrum-half Conor Murray in Scotland's Six Nations opener at Murrayfield.
Losing weight after being diagnosed with cancer is to be tested in the first large clinical trial of its kind in the US.
Leon Goretzka scored twice as Germany beat Mexico to reach the Confederations Cup final.
Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed 27 marathons in 27 consecutive hours to raise money for Comic Relief.
Norwich City manager Alex Neil says his side deserved their 1-0 win over Middlesbrough.
Crotone won promotion to Serie A after beating Lazio, who finished the season with 10 men.
Hugh Grant has joined the cast of Guy Ritchie's Man From U.N.C.L.E.
Nigeria has fallen into recession after the economy shrank by 0.7% in the second quarter of 2015.
(Close): Wall Street stocks closed higher on Tuesday as investors welcomed the latest wave of executive orders from the White House.
George Winton was a bank clerk in London who was inspired by the plight of Jewish refugees fleeing Nazi Germany to help them during World War Two.
The number of prisoners released by mistake in England and Wales has reached record levels, figures show.
The Royal Mint has unveiled a £5 coin to mark Prince George's first birthday.
Newcastle and Gateshead have been chosen to host the Great Exhibition of the North.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of her 13-year-old son in Dublin.
Juventus secured a sixth successive Serie A title and a place in the Champions League final with a comfortable win over Crotone.
Newcastle United sealed their return to the Premier League with victory over Barnsley, but Brighton beat Aston Villa to win the Championship title.
Two men have been charged with murder after a man died following an assault at a West Midlands takeaway.
The first time I heard the argument for Yorkshire being independent from the rest of the UK I was sitting in a pub in Wakefield listening to a debate about the future of the country.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build 263 new homes in Edinburgh.
Britain's Ellie Page won Olympic silver on the vault in the women's rhythmic gymnastics final in Rio.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester moved seven points clear at the top of the Premier League with victory over Liverpool.
People are being asked to help preserve symbols of witches and witchcraft found in England in the 15th and 16th centuries.
People have taken to social media to report the Didcot Power Station chimney tower has come down.
A hovercraft service could run between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth, Hovertravel has said.
The number of cruise liner visits to the Channel Islands in 2011 was the worst since 1987, according to Guernsey's harbour master.
The chief executive of Titanic Belfast has said Northern Ireland's tourism industry needs to do more to encourage people to travel outside Belfast.
A man who stabbed his neighbour to death has handed himself in to police after absconding from a mental health unit in East Sussex.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire.
Hartlepool's League Two play-off hopes are all but over after a 2-0 defeat at home to Barnet left them in the relegation zone.
Sunderland defender Jan Kirchhoff will be out for six to eight weeks with a knee injury.
Austria striker Marco Stiepermann has been ruled out of Friday's World Cup qualifier against Ukraine because of a calf injury.
New Nottingham Forest head coach Philippe Montanier says the League Cup is the only way the club can qualify for European football.
A plane was forced to make an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault was reported on board.
A sculpture of thousands of ceramic poppies in York is to be closed to the public on Remembrance Day and Armistice Day after a "phenomenal" rise in visitor numbers.
Former Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has become the first player in the Premier League to come out as gay.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said an investigation into claims made by former members of a soldiers' unit during the Troubles will form part of a review into all deaths linked to soldiers.
A dispersal order has been issued to tackle anti-social behaviour in a town on Anglesey.
A British boxer has been jailed for 32 weeks for beating his ex-girlfriend with a rolling pin.
The US says Kenneth Bae, a US man detained in North Korea, has been forced back to a labour camp.
Five seaside piers in Blackpool and Conwy county have been put up for sale.
South Africa head coach Russell Domingo will not be in charge of the side for their tour of England this summer.
The UK's biggest internet service providers (ISPs) have been exposed to serious security risks, an audit of their websites has found.
Some online gambling companies are breaking consumer law, the UK's competition watchdog has said.
The singer Lil' Chris was found hanged at his home in Suffolk, an inquest has heard.
Northern Ireland's 1-0 defeat by Poland in their opening Group C game at Euro 2016 was a disappointing result but, as a team, they were not good enough with the ball.
Electrical stimulation of a specific part of the brain with a current can improve maths ability, say researchers at the University of Bristol.
A cyclist who died when he was hit by a car after police tried to stop it has been described as an "inspirational father".
Documents leaked by a whistleblower have revealed that the US government has been collecting the phone records of Verizon customers, as well as data from nine major technology companies.
Rory McIlroy has withdrawn from the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai because of a stomach bug.
Warwickshire and former England batsman Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of the Birmingham Bears to concentrate on his batting.
France's Interior Minister, Bernard Cazeneuve, is to sue a policewoman in Nice who said she was ordered to falsify footage of the attack in the city.
Mercedes' world champion Lewis Hamilton said he is "hopeful" he can pick up the pace after a "very odd" weekend in the Austrian Grand Prix.
Uganda's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye has long been a thorn in the side of President Yoweri Museveni.
A Cardiff man says his family is living in fear after a colony of tube spiders descended on his home.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of £37m for the six months to June.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found in a street in Manchester.
A Nobel prize-winning scientist has apologised for remarks he made about women in science.
Hundreds of thousands of elderly and disabled people in England are not getting the care they need, official figures show.
A Bolivian air traffic controller has said she tried to stop a plane that crashed last week, killing a Brazilian football team.
Eleven members of the Church of the Almighty God cult have gone on trial in China accused of beating a woman to death in a McDonald's restaurant.
Pop stars Taylor Swift and Katy Perry have been at the centre of a war of words this week, with Taylor calling Katy "disgusting" and "disrespectful".
A vigil for the victims of the Paris terror attacks has been held in Cardiff Bay.
Chesterfield director of football Steve Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent.
More than £1m was spent on Welsh government credit and debit cards in the year to March 2014, the Welsh government has revealed.
Plans for a new film and television studios in Dundee have been approved by councillors.
Prue Leith is to leave BBC One show The Great British Menu after 11 years as a judge.
Substitute Abdallah El Said scored a late winner as Egypt beat Uganda 1-0 to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals.
Dog owners in Oxford are being asked for their views on plans to tackle dog fouling in the city.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Zimbabwe.
Stoke-on-Trent's Old Town Hall is to be turned into a campus for Staffordshire University.
All photographs Joint Arctic Command
A man has died after a two-car crash on the A1 in County Down.
Prime Minister Theresa May will meet US President Donald Trump in Washington "very shortly", the White House has said.
A senior US State Department official asked the FBI to change the classification of an email from Hillary Clinton's private server in exchange for a "quid pro quo", the FBI has revealed.
London is the most expensive city in the world to travel by public transport, a survey has found.
Gillingham manager Joe Pennock wants to sign "two or three" more players before the transfer window closes on Wednesday.
Gaming platform Steam has struck a deal to stream video content from Hollywood studio Lionsgate.
Mexican authorities say they have arrested four people suspected of helping the country's most-wanted drug lord, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, escape from prison in July.
A new school campus in the Highlands is unlikely to open to pupils in October, Highland Council has said.
The government has announced changes to the way VAT is paid by some businesses, in the Autumn Statement.
Plans to force all pupils to study traditional academic subjects at GCSE have been criticised by Ofsted's chief inspector of schools.
The Royal Navy's new aircraft carrier base in Portsmouth has been officially opened.
Police searching for a man who went missing in Edinburgh have said he has been spotted in London.
Fishermen are being asked to help conserve a rare shark in Welsh waters.
lava has been spewing out of a volcano in Hawaii in the US.
Lawyers for the Irish state broadcaster RT have asked the High Court in Dublin to discharge an injunction obtained by a billionaire businessman.
Team Sky's Sergio Henao has been withdrawn from training because of "new information" about his medical records.
An American who was kidnapped in Syria has been released, the US State Department has said.
The prime minister, David Cameron, has apologised to the family of murdered solicitor Pat Finucane after an official review found he was murdered by loyalist paramilitaries.
Former Scottish Professional Footballers' Association chief executive Ian Wishart says Scottish football's rules on gambling need to be reviewed.
A white police officer who shot a black teenager 16 times in Chicago in 2014 has pleaded not guilty to murder.
The Independent newspaper is to close its print editions in March, with the last edition published on 20 March.
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh has turned down an approach from Gillingham for midfielder Jack Byrne.
When the new plastic fiver comes into circulation in October, it will be the first banknote to be made entirely of plastic.
An 80-year-old Australian man who survived six days in the Outback by eating ants has told of his ordeal.
Tottenham were "not ready to fight" for the Premier League in the first half of their 3-0 defeat at Liverpool, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Syrian state media say government forces have taken full control of a rebel-held district of the central city of Homs.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been questioned by police after allegedly being racially abused at Heathrow Airport.
Opposition activists in the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia have seized the regional government headquarters in the capital Sukhumi.
India's minister of state for railways has been praised on social media for helping a family on a train.
Mental health campaigners have criticised the video for a new Kasabian single for using the word "psycho" to describe people with mental health problems.
Premier League clubs have denied claims made in the Sunday Times.
A campaign to have an elected mayor for south east Wales has failed to hit its target of signatures for a referendum.
A council has said it will fight plans to close two military sites in Hampshire.
Nigeria's military says more than 100 of the schoolgirls abducted from a school in the north-eastern town of Chibok on Tuesday have been released.
A "massive" illegal cigarette factory has been shut down in a raid in Birmingham.
The way Surrey Police investigates more complex crimes is still "not good enough", the police and crime commissioner has said.
The BBC is to close its Global iPlayer app on 26 June.
A reception house used by poor families in Victorian times to pay for burials has been given listed status.
A cartoon depicting Donald Trump with a swastika on his forehead has won a cartoon competition in Iran.
Bernie Sanders has been trending on social media in the US after the Democratic presidential debate.
League One Port Vale beat West Brom on penalties to reach the EFL Cup third round.
League One side Southend United have signed Colchester United midfielder Michael Keane on a season-long loan deal.
World War Two medals have been stolen from a house in the Highlands.
Politicians and public figures have been reacting to news that six people have been killed and seven injured after a bin lorry crashed into pedestrians at Glasgow's George Square.
England beat New Zealand 33-7 to win the World Rugby Tbilisi Sevens Series final.
A section of the M1 in Northamptonshire has been closed in both directions after a lorry overturned.
Hundreds of people have gathered at the Serpentine Gallery in London to watch Marina Abramovic's latest installation.
The Irish foreign minister has said Northern Ireland's political parties are willing to engage constructively in talks to restore a power-sharing executive.
An engineering firm in the Highlands is set to create up to 200 new jobs after securing funding of up to £37m from the Scottish government.
An 82-year-old woman who was murdered in her home in Fife in the new year has been named by police.
Thousands of firefighters in Chile are battling forest fires that have killed at least four people.
The US has condemned Israeli plans to build a new settlement in the occupied West Bank.
A couple arrested on suspicion of trying to travel to the Middle East with their children have changed their minds, a High Court judge has said.
A bronze statue of a chainmaker has been unveiled in a Black Country park.
Nearly 700 Kenyans have returned to the country after fighting in Somalia, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says.
A woman in her 20s has died in a two-vehicle crash in Limavady, County Londonderry.
Midwives in Northern Ireland are staging a one-day strike on Wednesday in a dispute over pay.
Two 13-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of sharing indecent images of children on social media.
A man has been charged with the murder of a former footballer who was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in military prison for killing four of his colleagues in a revenge attack last year.
Toyota is to invest £200m in its UK car plant to boost production of the Camry and Corolla models.
Funding for sport in Wales needs to be increased, the head of the body which runs grassroots football in Wales has said.
The leader of South Africa's main opposition party, the Democratic Alliance (DA), has announced she is to step down.
Chris Eubank Jr says he is ready to give Nick Blackwell his British middleweight title belt.
Police in the US state of Alaska have apologised to the family of a man who was killed in a car crash, only to be mistaken for another man hours later.
Leyton Orient have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Luke Freeman on loan until January.
The UK government's top lawyer has told the Supreme Court that the Scottish Parliament has "no authority" over Brexit.
A man has been arrested following the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
The family of former MI5 agent Denis Donaldson have said claims Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams sanctioned his murder are "absolute nonsense".
A Scottish World War Two general who treated prisoners at a Nazi concentration camp has been honoured with a blue plaque.
A pipe bomb has been found in west Belfast.
Nico Rosberg headed his Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Singapore Grand Prix.
A Ceredigion children's nursery has raised its security after an intruder was found in one of its play areas.
The owner of B&Q, Kingfisher, has agreed to sell a majority stake in the DIY chain to Chinese retailer Wumei Holdings.
A landmark free trade deal between the EU and Canada has collapsed after Belgium's Wallonia region rejected the deal.
Survivors of the Aberdare disaster have spoken about their experiences at a public event in Merthyr Tydfil.
The world's most famous horse race, the Grand National, takes place on Saturday with 16 runners carrying top weight of 11st 10lb.
Former Premier League footballer Leon McKenzie will fight on the undercard of the Anthony Joshua-Wladimir Klitschko bout.
A bird of prey has been spotted in the Highlands with a discarded plastic bag in its talons.
A man has been found dead in a street in Greater Manchester, police have said.
The East Midlands has voted overwhelmingly to leave the European Union.
Edin Dzeko scored his 26th Serie A goal of the season as Roma beat Bologna to move back into the title race.
Scotland's spending watchdog has cleared the culture secretary of any wrongdoing over a grant to the organiser of the T in the Park festival.
Anthony Joshua has the "brutish strength" of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, says Audley Harrison.
Jayaram Jayalalitha, the chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, who died on Monday at the age of 66 after a long illness, was the face of the ruling party in the state.
DNA tests have failed to identify a Sikh man whose remains were found in a suitcase, police have said.
More than 100 soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on an Afghan army base, the defence ministry says.
Great Britain can't win the Davis Cup as a one-man team, and Jamie Murray's performance in Glasgow showed that.
The first thing you notice about the makeshift refugee centre in the centre of Belgrade is that it is not for the faint-hearted.
New Falkirk manager Peter Houston is targeting promotion to the Scottish Championship.
A man has died after being pulled from the sea off St Mawes in Cornwall.
Ryan Johnston's goal helped Kilcoo beat Scotstown 0-13 to 0-8 in the Ulster Club Football semi-final at Breffni Park.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins says she has a "massive desire" to qualify for Team GB for the Rio Olympics on Sunday, alongside Vicky Holland and Non Stanford.
The Republic of Ireland's taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has announced that he is to step down as leader of the Fine Gael party.
A second inquest into the death of Cumbria toddler Poppi Worthington has been adjourned.
The US space company has unveiled plans for a next-generation rocket that will be significantly cheaper to launch and operate.
The death of A$AP rapper A$AP Yams has been ruled an accident.
Doncaster Rovers manager Dean Saunders says striker El-Hadji Diouf has denied being in a nightclub the night before a Championship match.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says his side will not be intimidated by the challenge of facing Maribor in the Europa League.
Europe's Justin Rose and Henrik Stenson will lead Europe's fightback in Saturday's fourballs at the Ryder Cup against the United States.
A shortage of new office space in Belfast is preventing developers from entering the market, property experts have said.
The nuclear incident at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant in Japan has been upgraded to the same severity level as the 1986 disaster at the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
A police helicopter was targeted by a laser pointer while on a search for a missing person in Northamptonshire.
Scientists at Oxford University have developed a machine that can read a person's lips better than a human.
Theresa May has been on a mission to reassure the world that she is not afraid of change.
Scientists in Australia have found a way to stop the devastating spread of cane toads.
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis has "no doubts" about his team's integrity after their one-day international defeat by England in the World Cup.
Google is to stop showing long unskippable 30-second video adverts on YouTube.
Defenders James Chester, Paul Dummett and Jack Matthews have been recalled to the Wales squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 5 June.
The Christian owners of a bakery at the centre of a legal case over a "gay cake" refused to make a pro-gay marriage slogan have told a court it would be a "disaster" for Northern Ireland.
Athletics world records set before 2005 could be wiped from the record books under new proposals from European Athletics.
A man accused of forcing a man to work for £50 a day has told Cardiff Crown Court that the victim was a "lovely man".
A 23-year-old woman has died after a two-car crash in Belfast city centre on Friday.
A new permanent home for the sport of rugby union has been officially opened.
The first female commander at the Army's training academy at Sandhurst has said she hopes to be a "role model".
Armed robbers have carried out a second armed raid on a Teesside jewellers in a month.
Openers Paul Stirling and Sam Robson hit centuries as Middlesex dominated day one against Yorkshire at Lord's.
A woman has been left blind in one eye after two teenage boys pointed a laser pen at her in Glasgow.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson was "abhorrent, immoral and illegal", a forensic psychiatrist has told a court.
The US economy added fewer jobs than expected in May, but the unemployment rate continued to fall.
Reading defender Jobi McAnuff says he would like to finish his career at the club.
Hong Kong is the world's most active city, according to the largest ever study of people's daily activity on a smartphone.
The operator of the NHS 111 non-emergency telephone service in England is to pull out of nine of its contracts.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to Highland Council.
Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman has backed manager Russell Slade.
High Street retailer Next has been ordered by the Court of Appeal to pay £130m in corporation tax to the government.
Banksy has been nominated for the South Bank Sky Arts Awards for his installation The Sea Life Centre.
A man who saved the life of MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross in the New Year Honours.
A Scottish Paralympian who won a bronze medal at the London Paralympics has revealed he has been given the all-clear from a brain tumour.
It could be days, if not weeks, before the full picture of the Manchester attack emerges.
Guy Martin will not compete in the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod next month.
In the aftermath of the massacre of 148 people at Garissa University College by al-Shabab militants on Thursday, Cynthia's eyes welled with tears.
The price of carbon permits - a key measure of climate change - has fallen to below 4 euros ($5.65) a tonne in the EU.
Ghana's government has cancelled a contract to re-brand more than 100 buses with portraits of the country's founding fathers after a review found the cost was too high.
French police have arrested four people in a series of anti-terror raids in the south of the country.
The 96 football fans who died in the Hillsborough disaster on the day of the 1989 FA Cup semi-final at Sheffield Wednesday's ground were crushed in the terraces.
Tributes have been paid to the archaeologist who led the search for the remains of two of the Disappeared victims.
An application to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire has been submitted to the county council.
A baby boy who nearly choked on his mother's breast has been saved by the NHS, after his mother gave him purees of food to help him swallow.
Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a photo of her with tattoos of the word "Allah" appeared in a local newspaper.
A rare sea turtle which washed up on UK beaches has died at an aquarium in Cumbria.
In our series of letters from England players, wicketkeeper and captain Heather Knight looks back at the year in women's cricket.
Wigan Warriors have re-signed England full-back Sam Tomkins from Saracens.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jack Wildsmith has signed a new four-year contract with the Championship club.
Barrow manager Paul Cox says striker Lee Cook wants to play in League Two.
Luke Procter's maiden first-class century at Old Trafford put Lancashire in a commanding position against Hampshire on day three.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side must improve after winning a series in Australia for the first time.
A giant panda at a Hong Kong zoo is due to give birth to a female cub on Monday after being artificially inseminated.
The death toll from a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest on Friday has risen to 32, officials say.
A woman has admitted killing a man whose body was found at a house in Lincolnshire.
An NHS trust has been ordered to pay more than £3m to a girl who was left in a coma after birth.
A council has been criticised by a family court judge over the care of a boy who was living in the care of a convicted sex offender.
The family of a woman murdered by her ex-partner after police failed to respond to her 999 call have lost an appeal at the UK's highest court.
Facebook has been accused of trampling on privacy laws in Belgium.
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May have said they will "still be neighbours" after the general election.
Community health councils in Wales say they are the "best kept secret" in the health service.
HBO has cancelled Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese's period drama Vinyl after just one season.
One child in Northern Ireland contacted Childline every day with suicidal thoughts last year, the charity has said.
Plans for a new £10m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved.
Michael Phelps set a world record for the 200m individual medley as he won his fourth title at the USA Swimming National Championships.
Lyon goalkeeper Anthony Lopes was injured after two firecrackers were thrown at him during a Ligue 1 match at Metz.
A man has been arrested after two men died when a car hit a tree in Staffordshire.
Labour MSP Margo MacDonald has launched her new bid to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland.
A paid attendance of just 40 people attended a baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the Boston Red Sox on Sunday, after a week of rioting in the city over the death of a black man in police custody.
A growing number of people around the world are choosing to identify as neither male nor female.
Voters in Switzerland will go to the polls on Sunday to decide on a proposal to reduce the country's population.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after a two-vehicle crash in Monmouthshire.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to private equity firm Clyde Blowers Capital by administrators.
The roar of the steelworks still fills the air in Port Talbot.
An associate of radical preacher Anjem Choudary who "shoved" a boy and girl has been jailed for two years.
Prison has been "reduced to a punitive holding operation" for the growing number of older prisoners, says a report by the Prison Reform Trust.
A 25-year-old man has been charged after a car crashed into a pharmacy in west Belfast.
Rescue workers in Indonesia's Aceh province say the death toll from Wednesday's 6.3 magnitude earthquake has risen to at least 60.
Ryan Rowland scored two goals as Armagh beat Louth 1-11 to 0-13 in Division Three of the Football League.
A woman in Paris is taking the French state to court over air pollution.
Holders Germany were knocked out of the Women's Euro 2017 quarter-finals as Denmark came from behind to beat the world champions 2-1 in Rotterdam.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he supports equal rights for gay and transgender people.
The Irish High Court is to hear a case brought by a privacy campaigner who claims Facebook transfers EU citizens' data to the US illegally.
Birmingham City captain Tommy Robinson has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club, with manager Gary Rowett saying he can still offer "something on the pitch".
Firefighters have been called to homes in Dorset to deal with a rise in the use of fireworks to control pests, Dorset Fire and Rescue Service has said.
Poland's State Forests have said the recent storms that swept across the country have destroyed tens of thousands of hectares of forest.
The Department of Employment and Learning (DEL) is to cut almost 400 further education staff in Northern Ireland.
Forfar Athletic moved three points clear at the top of Scottish League Two with a 3-0 win at Berwick Rangers.
Four men who claim they were framed for the murder of a police officer in Londonderry have said they are "disappointed" that original police interview notes from the case have gone missing.
Council-run schools should be given the power to sponsor failing schools, councils say.
People at high risk of heart disease should consider taking cholesterol-lowering statin drugs, a major review of the evidence suggests.
British astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a six-month mission.
Romania won their first Olympic gold in the men's team epee by beating defending champions China in the final in Rio.
The prime minister has hinted there could be a scrappage scheme for drivers of diesel cars to help tackle air pollution.
Dundee manager Neil McCann says the Dens Park club need a database to help him recruit players.
International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach says he has "no regrets" over the organisation's response to the Russian doping scandal at the Rio 2016 Games.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions centre John Faull has died at the age of 83.
India's economic growth in the last 10 years has been a tale of two halves - the optimistic and the pessimistic.
Tiger Woods says he is "concerned" about his workload on his return to competitive golf after a long injury lay-off.
A woman who answered the door to a man who was shot in the leg in west Belfast has said she was "horrified".
A man who allegedly helped run the underground Silk Road website has been arrested in Thailand.
Liam Fox's stoppage-time winner earned Plymouth a 2-1 victory at Mansfield in League Two.
The seventh and final round of the World Rugby Sevens Series takes place in Paris this weekend, with the London leg returning to Twickenham.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon hailed his side's promotion to the Scottish Premiership as "a fantastic achievement" after their 2-0 win over Aberdeen at Easter Road.
A Hang Gliding pilot has died after crashing in a Sussex nature reserve.
Cardiff City defender Sean Morrison says the Bluebirds need to "learn lessons" from their late-season collapses in the Championship.
Zambia Under-23 coach Geoffrey Chambeshi says his side have the strength and power to beat Germany in the last 16 of the Olympic football tournament.
Venezuela's President Nicols Maduro has accused the US of "imperialism", after the US imposed sanctions on four senior officials ahead of a controversial vote.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych has met Russian President Vladimir Putin to discuss closer ties.
Police in Paris have dismantled a Roma (Gypsies) camp near the Gare de Lyon station.
BBC Radio Solent presenter Jon Snow has launched a campaign to save a pier train and ferry service in Hampshire.
The family of a man who died in a car crash is trying to set up a woodland survival centre in his memory.
A garden dedicated to Syd Barrett is to be created in his home city of Cambridge, his friend has said.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo "Digong" Duterte has sparked outrage after a video emerged in which he joked about the rape and murder of a Catholic missionary.
Former prime minister Sir John Major has been accused of "absolute dismissal of democracy" after he suggested a second EU referendum could be held.
An exhibition of photographs taken during a 24-hour photography competition in Bristol has opened.
The number of GCSE and A-level exam papers sent back for re-marking in England, Wales and Northern Ireland this year has hit a record high.
The aerospace giant Boeing has reported a fall in sales and profits in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Coleraine's Paul Cassells and David Scrimgeour won gold in the lightweight pair final at the European Rowing Championships in Poznan.
Australia beat India by 169 runs in the first Test to take a 1-0 lead in the four-match series.
A full-blown university degree will be available online within five years, says the head of one of the world's biggest providers of online courses.
Un De Sceaux won the King George VI Chase at Kempton.
The Irish Travellers community in the Republic of Ireland is genetically distinct from the settled population, a study has found.
Work to stabilise a section of the Forth and Clyde bypass in Inverness is to continue.
A 36-year-old man has been charged in connection with the deaths of a man and woman in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won gold in the triathlon at the European Games in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Glasgow's Burrell Museum will reopen to the public in 2020, the city council has announced.
Salmon have returned to a Beck in the Lake District after a £350,000 restoration project.
Yemen's national airline, Yemenia, has been charged with manslaughter over a plane crash on the Comoros islands in June 2008.
In a speech to the Republican National Committee, Bobby Jindal has called on the party to "shut up".
Five-time world player of the year Marta has joined Orlando City in the Women's Super League.
Scottish Labour's Edinburgh South MP Ian Murray has held on to his seat in the general election, while the SNP increased its number of seats in Scotland.
Catalans Dragons have sacked coach Laurent Frayssinous and assistant Denis Betts.
The Princess Charlene of Monaco has given birth to twins - a girl, Gabriella Therese, and a boy, Jacques Pierre.
A new clinic for women who have been raped or sexually assaulted during pregnancy is to open in the UK.
Northern Ireland's Ciara Foster qualified for the women's 100m semi-finals at the Commonwealth Games but Jason Smyth and Eamonn Reid failed to reach the last 16.
Nine people have been arrested after a day of violence in Maidstone.
Accountants, banks and other firms that help people evade tax will face tougher penalties, Danny Alexander has said.
South Africa's Finance Minister, Pravin Gordhan, has said the country is "in crisis".
Nigel Farage should take a break as UKIP leader, the party's only MP has said.
A collection of Wedgwood Museum has been sold to the Victoria and Albert Museum in London after a campaign to save it raised more than £27m.
The world's largest oil exporter, Saudi Arabia is a key player in the geopolitics of the Middle East.
The number of children contacting a children's charity for help after being bullied online has more than doubled in a year.
A 12-year-old girl who was abducted and sexually assaulted in Hertfordshire has been released by police.
Six cygnet swans have been killed after being run over by a car in County Down.
The owners of a pub threatened with demolition to make way for a supermarket have agreed to sell it to a community group for £300,000.
In the wake of the London 2012 Olympics, the prime minister has been speaking out about the state of school sport in England.
Cases of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in England and Wales have increased, figures show.
Britain's Chris Froome retained third place in the Vuelta a Espana after a mass crash at the end of stage 17.
Comedian Jack Vine has written an open letter to a 15-year-old boy who was filmed being punched to the ground by bullies in east London.
The housing crisis in Wales could be tackled with the help of more co-operative and mutual housing societies, a new report says.
Scotland's air traffic control centre at Prestwick Airport has said it is preparing for the busiest summer in its history.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard has announced plans to cut 30,000 jobs over the next three years.
Partick Thistle secured second place in the Scottish Championship with victory over Motherwell at Firhill.
The time ambulances spend waiting to hand over patients at accident and emergency departments in Yorkshire has more than doubled in two years.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in Oxfordshire.
Musicologist and conductor Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 74.
A lion rescued from a zoo in Turkey has nursed a cub at a wildlife reserve in Saudi Arabia.
George Osborne is to seek German support for the UK's EU reform plans during a visit to Berlin.
An Australian company has been fined for damaging a sacred site in the Northern Territory.
Black Friday - the UK's biggest shopping day of the year - begins today.
A 26-year-old transgender woman in India's Tamil Nadu state is set to become the first transgender police officer in the country.
GAA director general William Duffy has called for the abolition of the inter-county Under-21 Football championship in a discussion paper.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Aberdeen.
A US firm has developed a 3D-printed prosthetic hand that can be fitted to amputees.
Celtic defender Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club's season.
Real Madrid's Bernabeu stadium is the most famous stadium in the world, but it is also one of the most intimidating.
Wrexham striker Andy Morrell has agreed to take charge of the club's first team for the remainder of Dean Saunders' reign as manager.
On a recent trip to London's West End, New York-based fashion writer Alexander DeLeon is in the midst of buying a jacket from French designer Comme Des Garcons.
Civil servants have been asked to help at UK borders during a planned strike, the BBC has learned.
Ethiopia's Vivian Cheruiyot beatlmaz Almaz to win the women's 5,000m at the Rio Olympics.
A "flashover explosion" is believed to have caused the deaths of two men at a factory in Aberdeen, police have said.
The US and UK have called for air drops of humanitarian aid to besieged areas of Syria.
Elite firms are "systematically excluding bright working-class applicants" from top jobs, a report says.
League One side MK Dons have re-signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Kazenga LuaLua on loan until the end of the season.
Disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong has asked a judge to dismiss a lawsuit against him brought by the US government.
People with rare diseases in Northern Ireland have a new organisation to help them.
Two 12-year-old girls accused of stabbing a classmate to please the horror character Slender Man should be tried as adults, a US judge has ruled.
A US federal judge has rejected a request by two Native American tribes to stop work on the final section of the controversial Dakota Access oil pipeline.
At a rally in the centre of Budapest, thousands of supporters of the governing Fidesz party have gathered in the sunshine.
Two men charged in connection with the theft of £20,000 worth of biscuits from a south Wales factory have been released on bail.
An Australian lifeguard who saved the life of a Danish prince while on holiday in Australia has been praised for his bravery.
Boris Johnson said in the EU referendum: "The European Union will only allow you to pack bananas in bunches of two or three."
When Saurabh Kohli was in school, his teacher told him to build robots.
The Somali Islamist militant group al-Shabab has denied the US has exaggerated the number of its fighters killed in a US air strike.
A World War One stained glass window at a south Wales church has been damaged.
A man has died after a car crashed into a garden wall.
All primary school pupils in England are to be tested in their maths times tables.
British Gymnastics is investigating a video in which Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith appears to mock Islam.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court challenge against the closure of the Independent Living Fund (ILF).
Security firm G4S has reported a 3.9% fall in pre-tax profits for the six months to the end of December to £69m.
Two more people have been killed during protests against the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro in the western city of San Cristobal.
Airbus has cut its forecast for the number of its A380 super-jumbo aircraft in the next three years.
One of the UK's leading business figures has said the UK should vote to leave the European Union in the forthcoming referendum.
A residential building has collapsed in the western Indian state of Maharashtra, killing at least 19 people, police say.
The world's largest fund manager, BlackRock, is planning to cut up to 1,000 jobs in the US, according to reports.
Dom Dwyer was at Queens Park Rangers' Loftus Road training ground as a 17-year-old striker.
Russia has rejected the findings of a taskforce set up to monitor the country's anti-doping programme and says its athletics federation leadership should not be replaced.
Two crematorium workers tried to cover up a mix-up by scattering the wrong ashes in front of a grieving family.
The BBC is to be the focus of intense scrutiny at the Edinburgh International Media Festival this week.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has offered junior doctors' leaders the chance to meet this week in a bid to avert industrial action.
Hamilton Academical condemned Inverness Caledonian Thistle to a 12th successive Scottish Premiership defeat.
A £15m cultural regeneration fund for the north of England has been announced.
When Serena Williams beat her sister Venus to win the Australian Open on Sunday, it was a remarkable achievement.
US and Italian police have arrested more than 50 people in raids in the US and Italy on organised crime groups.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said the government will enforce a controversial law that requires foreign companies to sell 51% of their shares to black Zimbabweans.
A new code of conduct for police officers carrying out stop-and-searches in Scotland has come into force.
A 92-year-old woman has been told she will have to pay more than £18,000 to get a phone line to her home.
Alex Salmond was a master of the unexpected.
Tommy Hilfiger has said model Gigi Hadid is "the epitome of perfection" after he was criticised for saying she was thinner than other models.
The three children of the late US radio DJ Casey Kasem are suing his widow.
The head of the Russian football supporters' union, Alexei Shprygin, has been expelled from France for a second time.
Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh, who was ousted after 22 years in power, has been accused of stealing more than $2bn (£1.5bn).
The prime minister has rejected calls to guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in the UK after Brexit.
Celtic moved seven points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership after Killie defender Andrea Pascali was sent off in the first half.
St Johnstone condemned Inverness Caledonian Thistle to the bottom of the Premiership.
Wales Sevens finished second in the Sydney round of the World Rugby Sevens Series.
Google is rolling out a system to remove the puzzles that websites use to verify people are real.
Irish Paralympic champion Jason Smyth says he is already planning for the next phase of his athletics career after missing out on an Olympic spot at the World Championships in Daegu.
A group of Irish Gypsies at a birthday party at a golf club caused "lots of damage" to the clubhouse, police said.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has appeared before the Welsh Affairs Select Committee.
The Mexican restaurant chain, Boojum Mexican Grill, has been sold.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in Norwich in connection with the TalkTalk cyber attack.
A Russian warplane has been shot down by Turkey on the Syrian border.
The US-led coalition has stepped up air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Iraqi city of Falluja, a US military spokesman has said.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla is to have surgery on a foot injury and will be out for six to eight weeks.
Our Duke won the JNwine.com Champion Stayers' Hurdle at Down Royal for trainer Jessica Harrington.
Mae Clwb Pl-droed Porthmadog yn l ym Mn yn ysgoloriaeth yn l ym lleol, yn 'i dm lleol, yn ogystal 'i
Dozens of NHS trusts in England have been rated by the government for their safety record.
A disabled man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" at his home in Edinburgh.
A man has died after his car left a road and hit a tree in Surrey.
A huge payslip scandal in Iran has exposed the lavish lifestyles of some of the country's top officials.
Officials at Yellowstone National Park in the US say a bison calf has been killed after tourists tried to bring it into the park.
House price growth in the UK accelerated to 8.8% in the year to March, official figures show, as the stamp duty rise came into effect.
Teaching assistants in County Durham are to be balloted for strike action after councillors voted to cut their contracts.
National League side Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Omar Bogle on a two-year deal.
British number two Heather Watson has parted company with coach Alberto Veronelli.
The latest attacks on an aid convoy in northern Syria and a hospital in the city of Aleppo are the latest blow to the fragile ceasefire that came into effect on Friday.
Two British students accused of stealing a piece of wood and a piece of metal from the Auschwitz death camp were caught with the items, a Polish court has heard.
The US needs Canada "very badly", Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the White House.
Huddersfield Town head coach David Wagner has signed a new three-year contract with the newly-promoted Premier League club.
"You used to be considered a maid or a domestic servant in Kenya," says Ashley Terry.
One of two GPs accused of the manslaughter of a 12-year-old boy has been criticised by a retired GP.
Campaigners have said plans to build a new nature centre in a Nottinghamshire forest are "priceless".
A letter sent to a man who helped film the Reykjavik summit of the Soviet and US presidents in 1986 is to be auctioned.
A 2,000-year-old bronze sculpture of a Hindu goddess is to be returned to India by a museum in Singapore.
Hundreds of commuters have been treated to a luxury train service in Kent.
Former world number one Luke Donald says he considered quitting golf last year.
On the morning of 16 July, 1850, a steam ship called the "Yankee" set sail for Cuba from New York.
Elections for local councils will be held on Thursday 5 May 2013.
The number of new cases of dementia in men may be falling, a study in the Lancet suggests.
Isle of Wight Council is to appeal to the High Court after a father won a legal battle to take his daughter on holiday in term time.
One of Cardiff's "secret Santas" has died at the age of 89.
Thousands of people in Germany have attended the funeral of a German woman who was killed fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Conservative leadership contender Theresa May has set out plans to reform corporate governance in a speech to the party conference.
A referee has died after being punched by a player during a youth football game in the US state of Michigan.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead in a suspected road rage incident in the US state of Oklahoma.
A man has been found guilty of grooming a man with learning difficulties to kill Fusilier Lee Rigby.
A journalist has been arrested in the Indian capital, Delhi, over a report that alleged the government had banned Muslims from teaching yoga.
Scientists have measured the "spirit level" of Loch Ness for the first time.
The full inquest into the deaths of the 11 men killed in the Shoreham air disaster is likely to be delayed, a coroner has said.
Three men have been found guilty of blowing up cash machines and stealing more than £300,000 in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire.
A senior Australian Catholic bishop has said some of the Vatican's most senior figures in the Church in Australia were responsible for the sexual abuse of children.
Patrick Roberts is ready to tell Manchester City that he wants to return to Celtic.
A British engineer has built a diesel-powered insect-like robot that can walk on its own.
More than half of UK firms have been the victims of a cyber attack in the past year, according to a report.
Pope Francis's three-day visit to Africa, which begins on Sunday, will be his first trip to the continent since his election in 2013.
The new head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, has said he was "politically responsible" for alleged sweetheart tax deals with multinational companies in Luxembourg.
Scotland's Laura Muir has broken the 20-year-old Scottish 1500m record at the London Anniversary Games.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's equaliser earned Gianfranco Zola's Birmingham City a replay against Championship rivals Newcastle in the FA Cup third round.
Britain's Mark Cavendish blamed his team-mates after Russia's Alexey Vinokourov won the Olympic road race in London.
Pop group All Saints are celebrating their 20th anniversary with a new album, and the band tell the BBC about the sexism they faced in the 1990s.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares missed out on a place in the ATP World Tour Finals doubles final after losing in the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals.
A pedestrian who died after being hit by a car has been named.
Volunteers are being asked to help clean up the Isle of Man's beaches.
A blanket ban on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales, the government has said.
When NFL commissioner Roger Goodell steps down at the end of his eight-year term in January, it will be the end of an era for the National Football League.
A former nurse who filmed himself raping patients and attacking others has been jailed for 20 years.
The European Tour has confirmed that Ballyliffin in County Donegal will host the Irish Open in 2021.
Yorkshire's Jack Leaning hit his maiden first-class century to help his side take control against Lancashire at Old Trafford.
Supermarket Asda has announced it is to increase the price it pays to farmers for the milk it sells.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard (HP) has said it will remove restrictions on using unofficial printer ink cartridges.
Embattled Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has lost his attempt to block the sale of the team.
A "perfect storm" of a sickness bug has forced a secondary school to close for two days.
Wales' presiding officer has urged people to register to vote in May's assembly and police and crime commissioner elections.
Royal Dutch Shell has said it plans to resume drilling for oil in the Arctic this summer, despite fierce opposition from environmentalists.
A year after the murder of MP Jo Cox, people in her constituency say she will be remembered for her work to bring people together.
Israel's prime minister has vowed a "fierce" response after the death of a 16-year-old boy in clashes with Palestinians.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to ask the country's highest court to decide whether a controversial new abortion bill is constitutional.
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat have agreed to return their pagers after threatening to go on strike.
Kumar Sangakkara hit a career-best 168 as Surrey dominated day one against Somerset at The Oval.
Championship club Wolves have been sold to Chinese conglomerate Fosun International.
Bumblebees and birds that nest later in the year are likely to suffer from competition for nesting sites.
The "perverted determination" to maim and kill must be "disguised and defused", the Prince of Wales has told cadets passing out of the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst.
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre on a four-year deal.
The US has closed its embassies in the Middle East and North Africa and evacuated non-essential staff because of a "significant" threat from al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
Full-back Jonny Gray hopes Scotland can learn from their "flat halves" and "start with a bang" against the best teams in the world.
Promoting Northern Ireland as a "safe and secure image" is needed to boost tourism, a review has found.
As the Street Child World Cup gets under way in Rio de Janeiro, the BBC's Paulo Duarte looks at the life of Rodrigo Kelton, who was shot dead on his 14th birthday.
A man arrested after 10 people were hospitalised in Greater Manchester after taking the drug MDMA has been released.
Rolling Stones singer Sir Mick Jagger has said he "will never forget" his partner L'Wren Scott.
A plan to build more than 15,000 new homes in York has been unveiled.
A radio station set up in Zimbabwe in 2006 to provide a voice for the country's opposition has shut down.
Providers of children's mental health services in England say they have seen little of the extra funding promised by the government.
The home town of the UK's Eurovision Song Contest hopeful is preparing to celebrate if he and his partner win.
Salford Red Devils have signed hooker Jamie Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man has begun a bid to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic Ocean without a protective shark cage.
Get Inspired - Get Active is here to help.
As part of the BBC's Women of Africa series, the BBC's Africa correspondent, Sofina Nkosi, meets some of the women who are leading the way in Africa.
The US has expelled two Russian officials in response to an attack on a US diplomat in Russia, the State Department has said.
Ben Stokes took two late wickets as England beat India by seven runs in the third one-day international in Visakhapatnam.
The police watchdog is to investigate the search for a woman who went missing after a night out.
Europe's top human rights official has said the UK government is violating the right to life over the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
On Disability Works we are looking at how technology is changing the lives of people with disabilities.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of two teenagers feared to have travelled to Syria.
Great Britain's Giles Scott missed out on Finn gold at the World Championships in Palma, Spain.
The Royal Marines have marched through Yeovilton to celebrate the town's freedom.
A man who had his car stolen has said he has been told by police the investigation has been closed.
Malaysian philanthropist Khong Swee Swee's mission is to feed the hungry.
The BBC's Oluwashina Okeleji in the northern Nigerian city of Kano reports on a new wave of education reforms in the wake of attacks by the militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
The US has warned its citizens of "credible threats" to tourist areas in the Turkish cities of Istanbul and Antalya.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
Two men have died in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland.
A panel investigating the nuclear accident at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami has concluded that the accident was "manmade".
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke will not stand for re-election in May.
Natwest and RBS have warned that they could introduce negative interest rates on business accounts if the Bank of England base rate falls below zero.
The government has been defeated on plans to relax Sunday trading laws in England and Wales.
Steph Curry scored 32 points as Golden State Warriors beat the Houston Rockets to reach the NBA Finals.
On Saturday, Wolves midfielder Conor Coady will return to Anfield for the first time as a Liverpool player.
A bar in County Londonderry has been ordered to close after a man was found dead at the premises.
A man who ate a goldfish at a fair has been banned from owning animals.
Serbia have been ordered to play their next two Euro 2016 qualifiers in an empty stadium after their home qualifier against Albania was abandoned.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has announced that the Confederation of African Football (Caf) has signed a new five-year sponsorship deal.
Barry Town ended Newport County's pre-season unbeaten run with a 1-0 win at Rodney Parade.
Pakistan have been given permission to play in the World Twenty20 in India.
Birmingham City midfielder Sean Morrison says manager Gary Rowett was right to criticise his side after Saturday's draw with Middlesbrough.
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer has been sworn in after the Senate voted to impeach and suspend his predecessor Dilma Rousseff.
Archaeologists in China believe they have identified the source of a river flood in China that is believed to have helped the first emperor.
A Florida teenager has been charged with practising medicine without a licence after allegedly treating an 86-year-old woman and selling her vitamins.
Tennis star Rafael Nadal has won his 100th Grand Slam title at the French Open.
The number of skier days at Scotland's five outdoor snowsports centres this winter was lower than in previous seasons.
Two police officers have been convicted of plotting to steal drugs destined for a criminal gang.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says his side are getting a "wake-up call" from their poor form.
A "damaged and dangerous" killer who raped a woman a year after being released from prison has been jailed for life.
Cornish Pirates head coach Graham Dawe hopes the National Cup final stays at Twickenham.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has volunteered to drive students home from the University of Texas at Austin late at night.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law to stop officials from using state property after they leave office.
Donald Trump has said African-American communities in the US are in the "worst shape" they have ever been in.
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 67.
Four people have been rescued after their dinghy came to a stop on a sandbank in the Cromarty Firth.
Judges at the Court of Appeal in Belfast have rejected a bid by Northern Ireland's top law officer to ask the Supreme Court to rule on a ruling that a Christian-run bakery discriminated against a gay customer.
Labour's leadership candidates have been accused of being "desperate" over the party's decision to exclude thousands of supporters from voting in the election.
A Kentucky doctor who was violently dragged off a United Airlines flight was "terrified" when he left Vietnam, his lawyer has said.
Ex-Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman has said the killing of a Cardiff man by a UK air strike was "targeted" and "extra-judicial".
A sporting body is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify to receive public money, an audit has found.
Three more Edinburgh schools have been temporarily closed over safety fears.
A German woman who suffered a blood clot after taking the contraceptive pill Yasminelle is suing pharmaceutical giant Bayer.
Passengers are being encouraged to stand on one side of a London Underground escalator in a bid to reduce queues.
A new compensation scheme for victims of the asbestos-related cancer mesothelioma has been announced by the government.
A nurse who injected her mother with a lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder.
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal only parts of former President Barack Obama's healthcare law.
Leading Australian art gallery director Betty Churcher has died at the age of 83.
The credit rating agency Moody's has warned that it may cut the UK's credit rating because of the country's vote to leave the European Union.
Two former leaders of the Khmer Rouge regime in Cambodia are to face a second trial at a UN-backed genocide tribunal.
Richard Clarke Neville, creator of the Australian magazine Oz, has died at the age of 91, his partner Julie Clarke Neville has said.
Bristol City Under-23s Jake Buxton and Kodi Smit-McPhee will play for Guernsey FC on Saturday.
There is no threat to law-abiding EU citizens in the UK, the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said.
A cat that went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with his owner after being trapped in a warehouse.
A football fan who accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling while celebrating a goal has been offered to pay for the repair.
Takeaways in Aberdeen have been served with a notice by the Home Office in a bid to deport more than 200 workers.
Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel disobeyed team orders to beat team-mate Mark Webber to victory in the Malaysian Grand Prix.
The new chief constable of Hampshire and the Isle of Wight has been named as Kathryn Pinkney.
Paddy Barnes has won Ireland's fourth medal at the European Boxing Championships in Kiev after beating Azerbaijan's Rustam Gadzhimagomedov in the men's bantamweight final.
Tom Brewster and Eve Muirhead will represent Scotland at the European Curling Championships in Braehead after winning the men's and women's qualifiers.
Donegal face Mayo in Saturday's All-Ireland Football qualifier game in Ballybofey.
The date of the EU referendum has been the subject of endless speculation in the UK and beyond.
MPs have paid tribute to the creator of TV's Dad's Army, Robert Perry, at the House of Commons.
Derby County striker Darren Bent says the team are full of confidence as they prepare for the Championship play-offs.
It's been a busy week in the world of entertainment, with the Baftas, New York Fashion Week and the Oscars all taking place.
A late Ross County goal denied Partick Thistle victory at Firhill.
Shelling has hit the rebel-held city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine as a Russian aid convoy nears the border.
One of the world's largest Roman mosaics found during an open day will go to a city museum.
Voters in Scotland want the Scottish Parliament to be given more powers, a poll has suggested.
The president of the African Union, Akinwunmi Adesina, has been awarded the World Food Prize for his work to end hunger in Africa.
A police firearms officer has been disciplined for carrying a gun in a public place while on duty.
The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) has warned that the current El Nino event is set to be the most powerful ever recorded.
Scientists have grown a rat's kidney in the laboratory, in a step towards growing human organs.
A US court has ruled that Apple has infringed a patent held by a US university.
Steam trains are returning to the railway for the first time in a decade.
Annalisa Contostavlos is running a Couch to 5K challenge.
An appeal has been launched to raise £5m to build a national marine centre in East Lothian.
Passports are being scanned at UK airports and ferry terminals as exit checks are introduced for travellers leaving the UK.
Britain's Beth Tweddle says she will retire from gymnastics after winning a bronze medal at London 2012.
League One side Charlton Athletic have signed defender Luke Pearce from Wigan Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Hastings Pier has been officially reopened to the public by singer Madness.
The girlfriend of a man involved in a deadly cafe siege in Sydney has been sentenced for murdering her ex-wife.
Former BBC director general Mark Thompson has defended a £949,000 pay-off to a senior executive.
Hamilton Academical and Kilmarnock played out a goalless draw at Rugby Park.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side's 1-1 draw with Northern Ireland in Cardiff was a "great result" ahead of Euro 2016.
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot outside a Greater Manchester pub.
Former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson says he does not believe he is ready to manage at the senior level.
Two Italian senators have been suspended for a day for making offensive gestures towards female colleagues in the Senate.
Australia has expelled an Israeli diplomat over the use of forged Australian passports in the killing of a Hamas commander in Dubai.
Human rights activist Leyla Yunus has been jailed for eight years in Azerbaijan for tax evasion.
Police in Papua New Guinea are hunting for more than 50 prisoners who escaped from a maximum security prison after overpowering guards.
England women won the Women's Six Nations Grand Slam with victory over Ireland in Cork.
At least seven people have been killed and eight others injured in a bomb blast in a border town with Syria, Lebanese officials say.
Girl Guides and Brownies have dropped a promise to "love my God" from their oath.
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested at the port of Dover has more than doubled in a year, figures show.
Sitting in a cafe in Gibraltar's Old Town, eight-year-old James is reading a book.
Former England footballer Tommy Wright is in talks to invest in non-league Billericay Town, the club's chairman has confirmed.
Bradford City moved up to fourth in League One with victory at Rochdale.
A food wholesaler has been fined £8,000 after a worker was run over by a forklift truck.
The Republic of Ireland has failed to meet international human rights standards during the recession, a report has said.
Former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has called for primary schools in England to be given more powers to raise standards.
The Basque people are descended from Stone Age farmers who spread agriculture across Europe, a study suggests.
Burton Albion have released seven players, including goalkeeper Matt McLaughlin.
It's that time of the year when we say goodbye to 2016 and welcome in the new year.
A Welsh Labour cabinet minister has said he wants Jeremy Corbyn to be prime minister.
A new sixth form college is to open in Flintshire.
Burnley have signed Republic of Ireland striker Jon Walters from Stoke City for an undisclosed fee.
The Mexican comedian Ruben Aguirre has died in Mexico at the age of 74.
Paul Duffy has been appointed as interim head coach of Featherstone Rovers until the end of the season.
A woman who died in hospital after a psychotic episode was "life extinct", a coroner has ruled.
New Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho is set to sign Villarreal defender Eric Bailly.
French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad in an edition which has sparked anger in the Islamic world.
Three years ago Miguel Tilli and his wife Magda were on holiday in the south of Portugal.
A new maze based on Sherlock Holmes has opened at a theme park in America.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights has backed Apple's refusal to help the FBI unlock a phone used by one of the San Bernardino killers.
Florida's governor has declared a state of emergency after toxic blue-green algae was found in a river.
The creator of Broadchurch has said he is "emotional" about the final series of the crime drama.
A Alton Towers ride where five people were injured in a crash is to reopen next month.
Andrew Hore says the Ospreys will review their coaching structure after director of rugby Steve Johnson's move to Scotland.
Telusa Veainu scored two tries as Leicester earned a bonus-point win over Treviso in the European Challenge Cup.
Clermont Auvergne wing Nick Abendanon says he has changed his mind about playing for England because of the Rugby Football Union's policy.
Public satisfaction with the way the NHS in England is run has fallen sharply, a survey suggests.
Are you the best boxer of all time?
France is "crashing" around the City of London in a bid to undermine the UK's exit from the EU, a City of London envoy has warned.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill has revealed he once had to hitch-hike with a group of German fans to get on a bus to watch his team play Germany.
Goals from Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara gave Leeds United victory over Burton Albion at Elland Road.
Nottinghamshire's Alex Hales hit the fastest ever Twenty20 century in the North Group of the T20 Blast against Durham.
A girl with a rare form of cancer is recovering in a French hospital after a British man saved her life.
Lancashire director of cricket Ashley Giles has said his side are not good enough after their crushing One-Day Cup defeat by Sri Lanka at Old Trafford.
A Channel Island lifeboat station has been temporarily closed after a row over the removal of a volunteer coxswain.
The earliest embryos of a giant dinosaur have been discovered, shedding light on the early stages of the animal's development.
Ten years ago, Northern Ireland secured their place at the European Championship finals with a 1-0 win over the Czech Republic in Group C.
A " catalogue of failures" at a Cumbrian hospital led to the deaths of dozens of babies and mothers, a report has found.
Donald Trump's campaign manager will not face charges over an incident with a female reporter in Florida.
For decades, the Land Rover Defender has been one of the UK's best-selling off-road vehicles, but its reputation has been tarnished in recent years by the Range Rover.
A mother accused of killing her two-year-old son in a bath has told a court she was "stupid" to leave him in the bath while she was upstairs smoking.
Five people have been found guilty of electoral fraud after a by-election victory was overturned.
Thousands of fixtures and fittings from the Dismaland theme park have been donated to a migrant camp in France.
Rafael Nadal has been "unjustifiable" and "unacceptable" after claims he failed a drugs test, says Real Madrid.
A US aircraft carrier strike group that President Donald Trump had said was on its way to North Korea failed to arrive in Australia.
Two men charged with the murder of a man in County Fermanagh have been granted bail by the Special Criminal Court.
Some police stations in Bedfordshire could close and officers move to public buildings, the county's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has said.
Ivo Karlovic beat world number one Novak Djokovic 7-6 (7-5) 6-7 (4-7) 7-6 (7-4) in the quarter-finals of the Chennai Open.
Plans for a new bridge across the River Thames to ease traffic congestion in Reading and Wokingham have moved a step closer.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo from Sporting Lisbon for an undisclosed fee.
Tens of thousands of people will be taking part in the Great North Run on Sunday.
Former Crewe Alexandra manager Jim Collins says Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford's rise could be down to clubs "missing a trick".
The younger brother of Sri Lanka's former president has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a huge arms haul.
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended an election campaign video in which he uses a toy gun to mock the country's political parties.
The NHS drugs watchdog in England is to cap the cost of new drugs at £20m a year.
Jordan Clark's late strike gave Accrington a 2-1 win at Bradford.
Food banks in Scotland are being used by a growing number of people who are struggling to make ends meet, according to a report.
Glamorgan have signed England Under-19 bowler Harry Podmore on loan from Middlesex.
Manager Keith Hackett says Stourbridge's FA Cup win over Northampton Town was the club's biggest ever victory.
The first leg of Lyon's Europa League last-16 tie against Besiktas was abandoned after crowd trouble in the French city.
Millions of savers are being warned that their savings could be at risk from a cut in the amount of compensation they can receive if their bank or building society collapses.
Bournemouth have signed midfielder Andrew Surman from Norwich City on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Former Carlisle United player Prince Buaben has signed for Hearts.
Wales Under-20s ended their World Rugby Under-20 Championship campaign with a narrow win over Italy.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have begun a new search for the remains of a man who went missing 17 years ago.
Arsenal Women will play at Boreham Wood's Meadow Park in the Women's Super League until 2021.
The Welsh Rugby Union has signed a new five-year kit sponsorship deal with Under Armour.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the controversial double points system for the 2015 season.
Ed Miliband has vowed to "protect" the UK's place in the European Union if he wins the election.
Leicester Tigers assistant coach Geordan Murphy says the Anglo-Welsh Cup can help the club's Premiership challenge.
Macclesfield secured their National League status with a 1-0 win at Eastleigh.
Three brothers have been jailed for a total of 14 years for drugs offences linked to the seizure of more than three kilos of cocaine in Belfast.
The British teenager who created the Summly news-summarisation app for Yahoo has revealed he is developing a wearable version of the product.
Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho could return after missing the defeat by Crystal Palace with a hamstring injury.
The Queen can do a " Norfolk accent", her cousin has said.
A man has surrendered to police after an armed siege at a Barclays bank in Birmingham.
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley.
British Swimming performance director Bill Scott has resigned after a review into the team's London 2012 results.
Singapore's Joseph Schooling beat Michael Phelps to win Olympic gold in the men's 100m butterfly as the American claimed his 22nd medal in Rio.
A seven-year-old boy who applied to be the next England football manager has been described as "one of the greatest sporting underdogs of all time".
The Dangerous Dogs Act needs a "complete review", a Conservative MP has said.
Five-time world champion Steve Davis lost 10-4 to China's Liang Wenbo in the first round of World Championship qualifying in Sheffield.
A 25-year-old man has been treated in hospital after he was attacked by a gang in Londonderry.
Two women have been rescued after getting lost in the Cairngorms.
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after getting its legs stuck in a chair.
The owners of a zoo in Ceredigion have been fined more than £1,000 for selling protected animals without a licence.
The media chief of so-called Islamic State (IS), Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, has been killed, the jihadist group has confirmed.
A man who killed his partner with a single punch at a railway station has been jailed.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus at a Translink depot in Belfast.
A motorcyclist who died in a crash on the Isle of Man earlier this month has been named as John Baker.
Jenson Button is a leading candidate to replace Valtteri Bottas at Williams next season if the Finn leaves Ferrari.
Actor Roger Moore has said he wanted to avoid comparisons with Sean Connery when he took over the role of James Bond.
Thousands of elderly people are facing delays in getting care services, a charity has warned.
People are being asked to report sightings of wild rabbits and hares in the countryside as part of a national survey.
A gang of four people have admitted selling hundreds of sick and neglected puppies online for hundreds of thousands of pounds.
Four British men have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences over an alleged plot to set up a caliphate in Iraq.
Online retail giant Amazon has launched its Prime Video service in the UK, offering more than 100 pay-TV channels.
The Office of Fair Trading (OFT) has paved the way for online travel agents to offer discounts on hotel rooms booked with them.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Thursday, with shares in oil giant Royal Dutch Shell falling more than 5% after its latest trading update.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been banned from Triple J's Hottest 100 list.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats chief executive Steve Carter says the club have six months to secure a new lease at Belle Vue.
The Duke of Cambridge has said he takes his royal duties "very seriously" but that he will eventually "develop into the duty role".
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has apologised to the NFL after his four-game 'Deflate-gate' ban was overturned.
Japanese messaging app Line has filed to list its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
A paramedic who removed a pen from a colleague's blouse and squeezed her breast has been banned from the profession.
A parish council has said a council's plans to close a sports centre would be a "declaration of war".
The Russian consul has been found dead in his apartment in the Greek capital, Athens.
Renault has told Formula 1 bosses it will no longer supply engines to the sport.
Belfast City Council has said the BBC could anchor a retail development in Belfast city centre.
A man and his dog have been rescued after getting stuck up a tree in Greater Manchester as he tried to retrieve his pet.
Businesses at an industrial estate in Birmingham say they are considering moving after a spate of break-ins.
An Indian official's warning that a man who stares at a woman for more than 14 seconds could face arrest has gone viral on social media.
Former Strictly Come Dancing host Sir Bruce Forsyth is to return to the show for Children In Need.
The UK is to extend trade deals with the world's poorest countries after Brexit, the government has said.
A paralysed woman has completed the Great North Run in a robotic exoskeleton.
A suicide car bomb attack on the headquarters of the National Directorate of Security (NDS) in the Afghan capital Kabul has ended.
The price of a home in the Chinese city of Shenzhen has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to local property agents.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a 39-year-old man who was stabbed to death in Liverpool.
The Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF) has urged South Africa's President Jacob Zuma to step down.
The final plans to ban the sale of tobacco and e-cigarettes in all enclosed public places in Wales have been published by the Welsh government.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling can stay at the club if the club's owners do not want to sell the England winger.
In our series of letters from the BBC, the BBC's Juliana Liu looks at the changing face of the world's ageing population.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
The 2017 European Judo Championships for blind and visually-impaired athletes will be held in the West Midlands.
A new NHS trust that ran Stafford Hospital has been rated as inadequate by health inspectors.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he "respects" the Scottish Rugby Union's decision to appoint Gregor Townsend as his successor.
Facebook has been ordered by a German data watchdog to stop sharing users' data with parent company WhatsApp.
Friends star Matthew Perry may not be part of the Friends reunion planned for a TV special in February.
Wales fans have expressed their disappointment at their team's defeat in the Euro 2016 semi-final but praised the team's performance at the tournament.
Hundreds of mosques across the UK are opening their doors to the public for a day of "tea and prayer".
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he is "absolutely committed" to the club and will not be distracted by speculation about the England job.
A UK vote to leave the EU would cause a "shock" to the world economy, the finance ministers of the world's biggest economies have warned.
A former soldier who was awarded the Queen's Gallantry Medal for bravery in Iraq has been living in a car park after developing post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
US Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said gun rights supporters could try to stop his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton from appointing judges.
The National Union of Students (NUS) is launching a campaign to target the Liberal Democrats over tuition fees.
The UK's new anti-slavery commissioner has said Nigerian women and children are being trafficked to the UK to be exploited.
Doing 30 minutes of exercise a day may protect against the ageing process, a US study suggests.
Turkish police have fired tear gas and water cannon at protesters in Istanbul and the western city of Izmir.
The annual rise in Northern Ireland house prices slowed in the third quarter of the year.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme, author Chris Harris has said.
An MP's aide has appeared in court charged with raping a woman at the Houses of Parliament.
A fire broke out in the roof of a school as students waited to collect their GCSE results.
Worcester Warriors' director of rugby Carl Hogg says they need to find their feet on their new synthetic pitch.
The UK's benchmark share index closed lower on the first day of trading after the general election.
A Los Angeles hospital has paid a $17,000 (£11,000) ransom to hackers to restore its computer systems.
British eventer Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" in hospital after a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials.
The brother of a Scottish aid worker murdered by Islamic State militants has said he has "no hate" for the extremists who took his brother's life.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to chair a committee to examine the role of the House of Commons clerk.
The daughter of the first baby born on an air ambulance has become a cabin crew attendant for Loganair.
Jeremy Corbyn has been condemned for comparing the killing of Osama Bin Laden to the 9/11 attacks.
Actress Angelina Jolie is to direct and produce a film based on the true story of Kenyan conservationist Thomas Leakey, who helped save elephants from poachers.
Seth MacFarlane's hit comedy Family Guy is leaving the BBC Three channel.
The centenary of the 1916 Easter Rising is to be marked across the Republic of Ireland on Monday.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell have topped the Sunday Times Rich List with a combined fortune of £730m.
Former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died at the age of 59.
Somerset director of cricket Chris Rogers says his side's thrilling four-wicket defeat by Middlesex was a "great advert" for the county.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney knew the size of the Scottish government's new tax and spending powers in the Holyrood election campaign.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said Sir Jimmy Savile could be stripped of his knighthood.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho and Chelsea boss Antonio Conte had to be separated at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Alloa Athletic's Jim Goodwin says he has taken himself out of the team to give himself the best chance of being a manager.
Claudio Ranieri's reign as Leicester City manager was a fairytale that began on a damp and drizzly April afternoon at the King Power Stadium.
A post-mortem examination on the body of a man who died from the measles outbreak has failed to establish how he died.
A teenager accused of murdering Labour MP Jo Cox has told Leeds Crown Court he stood by comments he made about the man accused of her murder.
MPs have backed the bill paving the way for the UK to start the process of leaving the EU, after a rebellion by Labour MPs.
The government's plans to cut business rates in England will be a "disaster" for high street shops, a Conservative MP has said.
Dover continued their push for the National League play-offs with a 2-0 win over Guiseley at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Derbyshire seam bowler Tom Taylor has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the 2019 season.
The "most technical" rescue of the victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash has been described as the "most challenging" ever carried out by firefighters.
South Africa's competition authorities have accused banks of rigging the foreign exchange market.
Welsh Olympic boxer Joe Cordina says he will be turning professional.
More than 1,000 drivers a day have been caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in south Wales.
Police have seized cannabis plants with an estimated street value of £1m in Derbyshire.
Russia's parliament is to consider two bills that would allow it to take control of neighbouring states, and speed up the process of issuing Russian passports to Ukrainians.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said there is "much to be proud of" in Scotland's schools.
A cash-in-transit van driver has been robbed at knifepoint in Aberdeen.
A former SAS soldier has been jailed for having a stash of guns and ammunition in his home.
A unisex toilet is to open in the Chinese city of Shanghai to help women relieve themselves.
Germany's chief prosecutor, Harald Range, has been sacked after he was accused of corruption over his handling of an investigation into two journalists accused of treason.
When Tim Peake blasts off on his mission to the International Space Station on Wednesday, he will become the first British astronaut to board the orbiting laboratory.
Kyle Bartley says Leeds United's recent improvement has been down to manager Pep Guardiola.
The Scottish government has approved plans for a new main stand at Tynecastle.
In the town of Brilon in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany's most populous state, Chancellor Angela Merkel is on the campaign trail.
Russia and the US are guarantors of Ukraine's sovereignty, a top adviser to Russian President Vladimir Putin has said.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a man in Bedfordshire.
The Welsh government has welcomed a Supreme Court ruling on minimum wages in farming.
One Direction have reassured fans that the band are still together.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has again refused to sign into law a bill which would introduce safe abortion in the country.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called on Africans to stop giving foreign aid to countries where it is not helping.
Fulham's Vegard Christensen has signed for Danish side FC Copenhagen on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Former Miami Dolphins fullback Rob Konrad has been rescued after his boat capsized.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland's most senior officer has said a deal on the legacy of the Troubles has been a "bitter pill to swallow".
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is celebrating the 50th anniversary of The Beatles' first performance at the venue.
Britain's Heather Watson and Naomi Broady both lost in straight sets in the first round of the Monterrey Open in Mexico.
Thailand's former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been charged with negligence over a rice subsidy scheme worth billions of dollars.
Ed Miliband has said he will "leave the landscape gardening" of his new election pledge stone in Downing Street.
Plans for a new school campus in the Borders have moved a step closer.
Comedian Norman Collier, best known for his chicken impression, has died at the age of 89.
League Two strugglers Leyton Orient suffered a heavy defeat at Crawley Town.
A boy's world has been "turned upside down" after his iPad was stolen, his family have said.
A sharp fall in the value of the pound is likely to "crush" consumer spending in the UK, a leading economic think tank has warned.
A new group of guides are being recruited in Edinburgh to lead walking tours of the city.
The families of two prisoners who killed themselves at a Buckinghamshire jail have lost a High Court challenge against the government.
The BBC is looking for your stories and pictures about the Nepal earthquake.
The new Batman film The Dark Knight Rises has received rave reviews from critics.
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Paul Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
The first female acts have been announced for this year's Bestival.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, with mining stocks dragging the index down.
Up to half of anti-doping tests at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games were aborted, a report has found.
An office of a Muslim advocacy group in Washington DC has been evacuated after staff received an envelope containing a white powder.
The family of a mother-of-two who was due to give birth to her first child have paid tribute to her.
The billionaire chairman of Chinese clothing retailer Metersbonwe, Zhou Chengjian, has gone missing.
The BBC has always been very good at keeping secrets.
An electronic prescribing system for medicines in Wales should be brought in sooner, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Royal Mail has reported a fall in half-year profits and said it has increased its cost-cutting target.
A steam railway group in the Highlands has appealed to the public to help fund a new railway line.
In Berlin, the British are being urged to vote to stay in the EU - and the German press are urging them to vote to leave.
A consultant has been struck off after posting sexually explicit comments about colleagues on Facebook.
A new Nigerian musical has opened in London's West End.
YouTube has hit back at criticism from the music industry that it is not paying musicians enough for music videos.
The BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme is warning people to be on their guard against email scams.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a single-car crash in Aberdeenshire.
Scientists have made a digital robot to help them work out how the giant dinosaurs of the Jurassic period would have moved.
The Venezuelan government has rejected a demand from Chile to reveal the whereabouts of a Chilean-born journalist who has been detained in Venezuela.
Dogs could be banned from beaches in Pembrokeshire under plans being considered by the county council.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday after a strong jobs report.
The organisers of a memorial to the thousands of men who served in Bomber Command during World War Two are trying to identify more veterans.
Motorists are being warned of a busy Easter weekend on the roads and rail network.
At least 18 people have been killed when a tour bus collided with a lorry on a motorway in Germany and burst into flames.
Sussex pace bowler Brett Magoffin will be out for six to eight weeks with a hamstring injury.
England slumped to a nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the final Twenty20 international at Old Trafford.
A blue plaque honouring a teacher who was murdered in her classroom has been unveiled in her home town.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood can win in Wales.
Police have appealed for witnesses after a security guard was spat at on a train.
A court in the western Indian state of Gujarat has sentenced a former government minister to life in prison for her role in the killing of 97 Muslims in 2002.
Police in Bangladesh have named the six men who carried out Saturday's deadly attack on a cafe.
Floyd Mayweather has confirmed he will wear 8oz gloves in his Las Vegas fight against UFC champion Conor McGregor on 26 August.
Australia's largest internet service providers have been ordered to hand over details of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood film.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been banned for two games for elbowing Hull FC's Adam Milner on Friday.
The US space agency Nasa has announced that it wants to send humans to the planet Mars.
(Close): Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after the computer and printer giant reported fourth-quarter results that missed expectations.
Nigeria's military says it has freed about 200 hostages from the Islamist militant group Boko Haram in the north-eastern Borno state.
A Jerusalem planning committee has postponed a vote on approving nearly 500 new homes in Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Former Netherlands international Patrick Kluivert scored on his return to former club Ajax as the Amsterdam side beatPEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie.
The number of house sales in England and Wales fell in June to the lowest level for nine months, official figures show.
Barnsley manager Lee Johnson says he has to "take full responsibility" for the club's poor form.
La La Land, starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, has won the People's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival.
Firefighters have broken the world record for the largest naan bread.
The Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo will pay tribute to the Queen as the city's major festivals get under way.
A 16-year-old boy who raped and sexually groomed girls has been jailed for three years.
The Pope has replaced the entire board of the Vatican bank and created a new department to oversee its financial affairs.
Labour left-winger Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the party's leadership contest, a poll suggests.
Thailand's Senate has rejected a controversial bill that would have amnesty for former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
JP Morgan Chase has said it plans to move jobs out of the UK as a result of the UK leaving the European Union.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford set a new personal best to win the long jump at the Great Manchester City Games.
Parents of overweight babies and young children may be overfeeding them, research suggests.
The DUP's Arlene Foster has been declared ineligible to stand in the Northern Ireland Assembly election, the Electoral Commission has said.
A woman who has incurable breast cancer has called for a drug to be made available on the NHS in Scotland.
Tranmere Rovers came from behind to thrash Dover Athletic at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Blackpool FC's owners have won the right to default a libel action against a fan who accused them of running the club "like a family".
Britain's Chris Froome is set to win a third Tour de France title on Sunday after surviving a punishing penultimate stage in the Alps.
The 100th anniversary of Charles Rennie Mackintosh's masterpiece, Glasgow School of Art, has been marked with the opening of a new building.
Queen of the South manager Gary Naysmith has signed Motherwell winger Dom Thomas and Celtic midfielder Joe Thomson on loan until the end of the season.
Three men have been arrested by police investigating the murder of Jason McIlhagga.
A detailed inspection of the drilling rig Transocean Winner is to be carried out on Wednesday.
An 87-year-old man has had a collection of World War Two medals stolen from his garden.
Amateur fireworks displays in back gardens should be banned, a Conservative MP has said.
Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are taking on each other's strengths and weaknesses in the race for the White House.
A priest has made complaints against five senior Church of England bishops over claims he was sexually abused by a vicar in the 1980s.
Leading jockeys are against plans to stage all-weather racing on Good Friday next year, the head of the Flat Jockeys' Association has said.
Companies should be banned from bidding for Welsh government contracts, a group of women AMs has said in a report.
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal after the club's pre-season tour of Australia.
The only one of the Paris attackers to die in the 13 November attacks has been buried in a secret ceremony, French media report.
Masters champion Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 at the BMW PGA Championship.
11-year-old Ruweyda loves music but she can't sing.
Two bottles of whisky salvaged from a sunken ship that inspired the novel Whisky Galore could be added to the official record.
A 4,000-year-old Bronze Age site near Stonehenge may have been "rewritten", an archaeologist has said.
The average UK household would lose £850 a year if the UK votes to leave the EU, a think tank has said.
Leeds United's hopes of reaching the Championship play-offs were ended as Wolves secured their Championship status with victory at Elland Road.
Actress Jennifer Lawrence has written an essay explaining why she refused to fight for more money because she wanted to be liked.
A 25-year-old man who was seriously injured when a powerboat crashed into a buoy on the River Hamble is "stable and improving".
A British-led team of scientists has warned that one of the world's highest glaciers may soon form a lake.
BBC Newsnight will bring you live coverage of the UK's vote to leave the European Union on Thursday.
Pope Francis has freed a priest jailed for stealing confidential documents from the Vatican.
The stars of new Star Trek film Star Trek Beyond have spoken out in support of the character Hikaru Sulu being revealed to be gay in the film.
The SNP has won all but one of the seats in the Scottish and London Assembly elections.
More than a million disabled people who have been on sickness benefits for 10 years will benefit from welfare reforms, the work and pensions secretary has said.
The organisers of the 2021 World Championships in Eugene have defended the decision to award the event to the city.
London mayor Boris Johnson has said he will not resign his Uxbridge and South Ruislip seat if the Conservatives back a third runway at Heathrow.
Torquay United beat National League strugglers Kidderminster Harriers.
Myanmar's finance minister-designate has apologised for using a fake PhD degree to claim to be a doctor.
A former soldier who fired a rubber bullet that killed a boy in Belfast has significant reservations about giving evidence at an inquest, a coroner has heard.
The BBC is to scrap its chat show-style Today at Wimbledon.
Homeowners whose homes were damaged when a river wall collapsed say they have been left out of pocket for hundreds of thousands of pounds.
A County Armagh solicitor has been jailed for two years for defrauding a bank of £250,000 to buy his own home.
Substitute Marcus Rashford's stoppage-time winner gave Manchester United their first Premier League victory of the season at Hull City.
Edgardo Bauza has been sacked as coach of Argentina after the team failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Helga Pomsel was a typist for Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels during World War Two.
The UN has expressed "deep concern" to Russia after a Russian warplane entered Turkish airspace over Syria on Saturday, the UN says.
Swansea City's players have paid for all the tickets for the club's supporters to watch them escape relegation from the Premier League.
At least 80 people have been killed and more than 200 injured in a truck bomb attack in a market in Baghdad, Iraqi officials say.
A woman who died of blood poisoning in a north London hospital was not given the "best chance" of survival, a coroner has concluded.
A councillor has lost an appeal against his suspension for sending "unfair" information to a grievance panel.
Curzon is to receive the outstanding contribution to cinema award at the Bafta Film Awards next year.
Braintree Town manager Danny Cowley says his side are living in "cloud cuckoo land" after their 2-0 defeat at Barrow.
Dominika Cibulkova will face Angelique Kerber in the final of the WTA Finals in Singapore on Saturday.
Councils in England should sell off some of their social housing stock, David Cameron has said.
Guernsey won table tennis team gold at the Island Games as they beat Sweden 2-1 in the final in Gotland.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed 14 points, or 0.2%, higher at 6,947.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has faced in his managerial career.
Lord Sugar has called for a spin-off series of his BBC One show The Apprentice.
The father of Marussia driver Jules Bianchi, who suffered severe head injuries in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix, says he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder after a body was found in a Leeds park.
At least 27 people have been killed in a huge oil pipeline explosion in central Mexico, officials say.
A boxer who punched his ex-girlfriend has been given a suspended prison sentence.
Five churches in Shropshire and three in Herefordshire have been awarded grants of more than £350,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Syrian government forces say they have carried out a chlorine gas attack on rebel-held eastern Aleppo.
Great Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro to win his second Olympic men's tennis gold medal with victory in the Rio final.
Arthur the dog was a stray who found his way to Newsround.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been welcomed to Canada by the country's governor general in Ottawa.
Wales Air Ambulance is to trial a new baby incubator service on board its helicopters.
A male bald eagle has returned to the Perthshire Glen Coe nature reserve.
Actress Julie Hesmondhalgh has become a patron of a rape charity after the rape of her character in ITV's Broadchurch.
In the wake of a tragedy such as the deaths of two children in a boating accident, a company's response can be as important as the tragedy itself.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told to return to full-time training after a disciplinary procedure.
Former world number one Luke Donald has been appointed as the European Tour's ambassador for the British Masters at Woburn.
Bristol City have invited former Watford defender Joel Ekstrand to train with the Championship club, says head coach Lee Johnson.
The Monaco Grand Prix is one of Formula 1's most prestigious events, but how did one Northern Ireland man get his start in the sport?
The US attempted to kill a key al-Qaeda leader in Yemen last week, US media reports say.
A man accused of murdering a man has told a court he banged on his victim's car window to "be scared".
Plans for a block of flats on the site of a pub which closed as an LGBT venue are set to be approved after the developer agreed to allow an LGBT operator first refusal on a new bar.
Northern Ireland boxers Michael Conlan, Paddy Fowler and Joe Donnelly have been reprimanded by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) after placing bets on events at the Rio 2016 Games.
The Justice Secretary has said the UK can "take control" of its destiny by leaving the European Union in June's referendum.
As the 70th anniversary of the evacuation of the beaches at Dunkirk in World War Two is marked, the BBC's defence correspondent, Nick Triggle, looks at the impact of the evacuation on the men involved.
A head teacher at a primary school in Lincolnshire is offering his staff a 'duvet day' every year.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said Russian athletes banned from the Paralympic Games will be allowed to compete.
A Powys town's library is set to be taken over by a secondary school.
A powerful earthquake has struck southern Japan, a day after a deadly quake hit the same area.
A woman has died in a house fire in Greater Manchester.
A former Lavey GAA footballer has been charged with stealing almost £600,000.
A new community centre in Caerphilly county is to be officially opened.
A leading human rights group has called on Nato to investigate the deaths of civilians in Libya last year.
A Northern Ireland university has cancelled a symposium on the impact of the Charlie Hebdo murders in France.
A vertical pier in a Teesside seaside town has been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Britain's Mo Farah broke the half marathon world record at the Great North Run in Newcastle.
The UN special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, has said formal peace talks between the government and opposition will resume on Monday.
Husband and wife Chris and Gabby Adcock say winning a medal at the World Badminton Championships in Glasgow this week would be a "huge" achievement after UK Sport funding cuts.
A teenager has been arrested after a petrol bomb was thrown through a window in west Belfast.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has filed a lawsuit on behalf of 12 female US military personnel against a ban on women serving in combat.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced that he was stepping down as head of the Roman Catholic Church in February 2013 it was a surprise to many.
Bydd cwmnau lleol awdurdodau lleol yng Nghymru yn cael eu bod yn dweud bod nifer o'u haelodau yn cynrychioli busnesau gofal, yn l
A radio paging system failed to alert a fire engine to a blaze in Suffolk.
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales must take risks against New Zealand in the first Test on Saturday.
Cole Stockton's second-half header earned Tranmere victory over Dover at Prenton Park.
Goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers earned Grimsby a 2-0 win over Accrington at Blundell Park.
The counting of votes in Kenya's presidential and parliamentary elections has been delayed as electoral officials struggle to count millions of spoiled ballots.
Russian police have carried out nationwide raids against suspected members of the Aum Shinrikyo doomsday cult.
Jemima Sumgong won Kenya's first ever Olympic gold in the women's Olympic marathon as Bahrain's Jemima Kirwa took silver.
A 92-year-old man has been reunited with a vintage car that appeared in the film Likely Lads.
Britain's Jo Pavey stormed to victory in the women's 10,000m at the World Championships at the age of 37.
The BBC has learned that the Northern Ireland Executive's former finance minister Jonathan Bell applied for a ministerial in/out scheme.
As Peter Morgan is found guilty of the murder of stripper Georgina Symonds, the BBC Wales News website looks at how the relationship between the pair turned sour.
A new cricket helmet has been developed in the UK following the death of Australia player Phillip Hughes in 2014.
Mae Llys y Goron Caerdydd wedi ei chael yn euog o achosi ei marwolaeth trwy yrru'n beryglus yn Llys y Goron Caerdydd yn l i ddwy
Millwall survived a Bradford City fightback to reach the League One play-off final at Wembley.
A man has been fined for fly-tippering more than 200 tonnes of rubbish on to a dual carriageway.
A new species of fish-scale gecko has been discovered in Madagascar.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has agreed to pay a record $9.2bn (£6.2bn) fine in China for abusing its market position.
New Morocco coach Herve Renard is aiming to become only the second coach to win the Africa Cup of Nations with different countries as the 2017 qualifiers begin.
Derek McInnes believes Gordon Strachan has the best left-back in Scotland.
Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has gone straight to number one in the UK singles chart, a week before its official release.
Pupils in the most deprived areas of England are the least likely to take A-levels in state schools, analysis of official figures shows.
Emmerdale and EastEnders were the big winners at the Inside Soap Awards.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of about £1m have been found in a former video game shop in Dundee.
The deportation of a student is "cruel and inhumane", the National Union of Students (NUS) Wales has said.
Student finance has been suspended at a college in Cardiff amid claims some of its students may have been defrauding the system.
A suspected drug smuggler who fired a gun at US border agents near the US-Canada border has been arrested in Canada.
A piece of space debris that washed up on the coast of the Isles of Scilly was from a rocket launch.
A Florida mother who was found not guilty of killing her two-year-old daughter in 2008 has spoken out for the first time, saying she believes her daughter would be "a total badass".
South Korea has said North Korea has kept 70% of the money paid to workers at a jointly run factory park in the North.
Manchester City have been fined £20,000 after breaching anti-doping rules by failing to provide accurate information to the UK Anti-Doping Agency.
A nursery worker has appeared in court charged with raping a boy.
More than half of people in Derbyshire and Lincolnshire are concerned about the cost of Christmas, a BBC survey suggests.
Manager Roy Hodgson's England side were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia in Saint-Etienne.
A university student who lost her hand after a night out has said she "must have been drunk" when she left it in a nightclub.
New Valencia head coach Pako Ayestaran says Gary Neville "wasn't enough" for the Spanish club.
A dog that was shot in the head with a bolt from a crossbow was saved by a "guardian angel".
Hackers are believed to have accessed the background checks of millions of US government employees, US officials say.
Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, has urged the government to raise the state pension age to 69 for new workers.
Premiership side Bath have signed two 21-year-old hookers for next season.
Netherlands' Amy Pieters won the second stage of the RideLondon-Surrey Classic as Belgium's Marianne Vos retained the overall lead.
A stretch of the M1 in County Armagh has reopened after a lorry overturned on Friday morning.
The shortlist for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2013 will be revealed on Tuesday.
The Northern Ireland Executive Office has defended the process used to appoint a new executive press secretary.
Firefighters have been threatened and abused for trying to put out a Bonfire Night blaze in Larbert, Stirlingshire.
The men's game in tennis is heading in the right direction, with Andy Murray and Garbine Muguruza winning their first Grand Slams at the US and Australian Opens, respectively.
Volunteers are taking part in a search for the remains of a medieval village in Gower.
Scarlets secured their first win of the season with a bonus-point victory over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park.
Iranian-backed Syrian government forces launched a major offensive on rebel-held areas near the northern city of Aleppo last week.
England's Ian Poulter birdied two of his final three holes to take a one-shot lead after two rounds of the Turkish Airlines Open in Antalya.
There's been a lot of talk in the media over the last few days about the general election campaign being "too close" for comfort.
Two Welsh cities have launched their bids to become UK City of Culture.
Lloyds Banking Group has returned to private ownership after the government sold its remaining shares in the bank.
Typhoon Chan-hom has made landfall in eastern China, bringing heavy rain and strong winds.
UK scientists have created DNA- and RNA-like molecules that mimic the chemistry of DNA.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu of the BBC's Africa Centre looks at the current political unrest in Kenya.
More than 200 people have been arrested at a protest against an oil pipeline in the US state of North Dakota, officials say.
A Japanese boy who was abandoned by his parents in the mountains a week ago has been found alive in a military hut.
Injured soldier L/Bdr Ben Parkinson has been unable to get on Facebook because the social networking site limits the number of friends he can have.
League Two side Northampton Town's on-loan Newcastle United youngster Rolando Toney says he is homesick for home.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with preparing terrorist acts after being arrested at Manchester Airport.
A man has admitted killing a man in County Durham.
A major Mexican drug smuggling network has been dismantled in the US state of Arizona, officials say.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world's wealthiest region by 2019, according to the World Wealth Report.
A woman has been found guilty of having a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have retaken the international airport in western Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS), as the offensive to retake the city continues.
Chinese conglomerate Fosun International has won a takeover battle for Portugal's biggest hospital chain, Espirito Santo SGPS (ESS).
"We are in the midst of a revolution in the fight against cancer."
Joe Clarke hit his first County Championship century of the season as Worcestershire dominated day one against Derbyshire at New Road.
Saracens captain Brad Barritt says the Premiership and European Champions Cup double is a "new chapter" in the club's history.
A millionaire was murdered by his lap dancer wife in Ukraine, an inquest has heard.
It's a busy day in Northern Ireland's front pages on Tuesday.
William Shakespeare's sonnet, The Tempest, is one of the most famous sonnets in the world and many people have read it.
Scots athlete Kimberley Inglis has woken from a coma after a motorbike accident in Vietnam.
Mae'r Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol Plaid Cymru wedi cyhoeddi llun o'r etholiad cyffredinol yn erbyn Brexit, yn l unig blaid "sy'n brwydro i gadw Prydain"
Jockey Ryan Moore is to take "complete rest" for the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury.
Plans for a travellers' site in Lincolnshire have been rejected.
Former IMF chief Rodrigo Rato and two former executives of the Spanish bank Bankia have gone on trial on fraud charges.
A statue of champion jockey AP McCoy has been unveiled at Cheltenham Festival.
The Progressive Unionist Party (PUP) chairman William "Plum" Smith has died at the age of 74.
Seven more Russian athletes have been banned from competing by cycling's governing body, bringing the total to eight.
The US Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, has urged Egypt's new Islamist president and the country's military to resolve their differences, on a visit to Cairo.
The body of a man has been found at the bottom of a water main owned byfinity Water.
Nato has expressed concern over reports that Russia has deployed surface-to-air missiles to its Baltic region of Kaliningrad.
Wigan Warriors have signed full-back Sam Hopkins from Championship side Leigh Centurions.
League Two leaders Oxford United were held to a draw by Newport County at the Kassam Stadium.
First year medical students in Scotland are to be able to experience a GP's consultation room for the first time using a new software system.
Keanu Reeves' new film, Side by Side, explores the future of cinema in digital format.
A bird has "photobombed" a railway camera at a north Wales railway station.
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has said that all of the club's players will have to live in Leeds next season.
A Labour councillor has denied making indecent images of children.
Swedish fashion retailer Hennes and Mauritz (H&M) is to open a new brand in London later this year.
The winner of a competition to grow the heaviest tomato in the world will be determined by a DNA test.
A children's video website is among the nominees for this year's Bafta Children's Awards.
The season came to an end in Germany on Sunday as Borussia Dortmund celebrated their fourth successive Bundesliga title, while Paris St-Germain sealed the Ligue 1 crown.
The Bank of England has released the results of its annual stress test of the UK's biggest banks, which will focus on a new global financial crisis.
Paris St-Germain have signed Brazil centre-back Marquinhos from Roma for a fee that could rise to £27m.
A 25-year-old man has been charged over the collapse of a pedestrian bridge on the M20 in Kent.
A house has been destroyed in a fire in Dumfries and Galloway.
The mother of a British man who admitted trying to shoot and kill US presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is "terrified".
Online publishers have expressed concern that the terms of a deal to be included in Apple's forthcoming app for the iPad require them to agree to indemnify the company.
Legislation is needed to tackle cyber-bullying, the children's commissioner for Wales has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would not have died had he not taken it, a sheriff has ruled.
More than 30 people were evacuated from their homes in West Lothian after a suspected arson attack on a house.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts in the north-west, a day after the Karachi airport attack.
A US judge has ordered the US government to release records of visitors to President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida.
A wasp from the Harry Potter books, a wolf snake and a crocodile newt are among the new species discovered in South East Asia last year.
A man who sexually assaulted a woman in Margate has been jailed for eight years.
hacking the nerves in the body to control diseases such as diabetes and Parkinson's disease is a step closer after two companies signed deals.
A seven-year-old boy is in a serious condition after a motorcyclist died in a collision with a car in east London.
A search has been launched for a 73-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Irvine, North Ayrshire, since Saturday.
Labour remains the official opposition to the UK government, the House of Commons has been told.
Aberdeen-based investment firm Alliance Trust has been taken out of the formal takeover process after a potential offer from a rival bidder was withdrawn.
Munster's Ian Keatley missed a dramatic late drop-goal in Edinburgh's Pro12 opener at Murrayfield.
(Close): Shares in Sainsbury's led the fall on the FTSE 100 after reports that its planned £12bn takeover by Asda could be in doubt.
Natural gas and oil prices have risen sharply on concerns about the impact of the Ukraine crisis on supplies to Europe.
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says defender Christophe Berra is the best defender in the Championship.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to introduce new cockpit structures designed to reduce the risk of head injuries.
A common mood-stabilising drug has been found to slow the ageing process in animals, say University College London researchers.
Dozens of children taken from the Jungle camp in Calais are to be moved to a temporary shelter in Devon, the BBC has learned.
Venezuela's Vice-President, Jorge Isturiz, has said a recall referendum against President Nicolas Maduro will not be held.
The Rugby Players' Association has criticised plans to extend the Premiership season to 10 months.
A yellow "be aware" weather warning for Northern Ireland has been issued for Thursday morning.
Malala Yousafzai, the Nobel Peace laureate, has urged the Nigerian schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants a year ago to "celebrate your freedom".
Glamorgan's bowlers struggled on day one of the first day-night County Championship match of the season, as Derbyshire reached 291-4.
A man who was found dead in London's Hyde Park has been named.
A new Caledonian MacBrayne ferry has been withdrawn from the Stornoway to Ullapool route after an engine room fan fault.
The victim of a historic rape has written to Alison Saunders, the director of public prosecutions, asking for a review of the decision to drop the case.
Morocco and Tunisia have been cleared by the Confederation of African Football (Caf) to play in next year's Africa Cup of Nations after a long-running dispute.
England were knocked out of the World Cup in the quarter-finals as they were comprehensively outclassed by France in Wellington.
The brother of Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones has been selected for the Great Britain squad.
A petition calling for the removal of a US judge over his sentencing of a Stanford University student convicted of sexual assault has attracted more than 100,000 signatures.
Yorkshire Sculpture Park (YSP) has announced plans for a new £2m visitor centre.
The SNP's Nicola Sturgeon was "on course" to win a third term as first minister of Scotland in the Holyrood election, according to the front pages of Scotland's newspapers.
A fire in Newport is believed to have been deliberately set, South Wales Fire and Rescue Service has said.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Bradford City midfielder George Taft on a two-year contract.
Former police chief John Anglesea is to appeal against his conviction, his lawyer has said.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has said its members should vote to stay in the EU in the referendum on 23 June.
French actress Michele Morgan, who won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 1946, has died at the age of 93.
Lawyers for some of the thousands of migrants and refugees arriving in Greece say they are cautiously optimistic that a plan to ease the migrant crisis can be agreed.
The opening of a new bridge across the Firth of Forth has been delayed until May 2017, the Scottish government has confirmed.
A third hole has opened up in Manchester city centre.
A new £20m university campus has opened on the North Yorkshire coast.
Restoration work on the Swansea and Dyfed-Powys Canal has begun.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen has become the latest burger chain to be snapped up in the UK.
Greenock Morton manager Jim Duffy has been given a one-game touchline ban for confronting Hibernian counterpart Neil Lennon.
England's tense win over Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 quarter-final at the Ferozeshah Kotla in Delhi was a classic.
It's one of the most anticipated video games of the year - a space simulation set in a massive open world.
Cyclist Sir Bradley Wiggins, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have won gold medals for Great Britain on day four of the London 2012 Olympics.
Britain's America's Cup hopefuls suffered their second successive defeat in the America's Cup Qualifiers in Bermuda.
When Mark Dodson, the chief executive of Scottish Rugby, and Steve Browne, the chief executive of the Irish Rugby Union, sat down to discuss the future of the Pro12, they spoke of a competition in crisis.
Alfred Russel Wallace was one of the most famous scientists in the world and was awarded the Order of Merit, the highest honour that could be given by the British monarch.
Leinster moved to the top of the Pro12 with victory over Scarlets at the RDS.
A global project to mark the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's death has been launched by the UK government and the British Council.
US President Barack Obama has asked for $5.9bn (£3.6bn) to fund body cameras and training for police officers.
Bombardier in Belfast has completed the first flight of its new CS300 passenger jet.
The police chief in Los Angeles has defended his decision to close schools after a "credible" threat of a Columbine-style attack.
Hosts Northern Ireland suffered a 2-0 defeat by Spain in their opening Group A match of the Uefa Women's Under-19 Championship at Mourneview Park.
The Belfast Giants have signed defenceman Dustin Johner for the 2017-18 Elite League season.
Virgin Media has been forced to cut the number of premises it has connected to its superfast broadband scheme, Project Lightning.
Rail operator Arriva Trains Wales has said it will not be running any extra services over the weekend due to maintenance work on its trains.
David Cameron must drop his pledge to cut net migration to the tens of thousands if he wins the EU referendum, the Vote Leave campaign group has said.
Theatre director Peter Bogdanov says he was a "symbol" of freedom of speech when he was prosecuted for staging a play in which a nude Roman soldier tried to rape a young Druid.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a cheese race up a hill in Shaftesbury, Dorset.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has donated more than $5.8bn (£3.6bn) in shares to charity.
One of UKIP's most senior MEPs has said he will quit the party if its leadership candidate, Ann Waters, is elected.
With the 2020 Olympic Games less than a year away, many athletes are preparing to compete in the Tokyo Games while heavily pregnant.
Great Britain's Ruta Meilutyte set a world record in the women's 100m breaststroke semi-final at the World Championships.
Bristol City secured their first win under new boss Lee Johnson as they beat Ipswich Town in the Championship.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended from the World Cup training squad after an incident in Cardiff.
The UK's manufacturing sector is gloomier about the future ahead of the Brexit vote, a survey has found.
West Ham United fans have voted in favour of the club's women's team playing a match at Upton Park when the men's team move to the Olympic Stadium.
People in Scotland are "living in constant anxiety" about the impact of the UK government's welfare reforms, according to a new study.
The two accountants responsible for the best picture mix-up at the Oscars have been given extra security at their homes in Los Angeles.
Tata Steel's European operations could face a "path of uncertainty" following the departure of the head of its European operations, the GMB union has said.
Theresa May has told the Irish prime minister she wants the future of EU citizens living in the UK to be resolved as soon as possible.
Russia has handed to the EU a list of 89 people it has banned from entering the country, including senior EU officials.
Two of the largest street gangs in Honduras have announced a truce.
The wearable camera maker GoPro is to launch a drone, its chief executive has announced.
Plans to cut school bus subsidies in Pembrokeshire have been shelved.
A young Spaniard who has already declared his desire to play for Europe in the 2018 Ryder Cup is on course to join the European Tour after winning his first PGA Tour event.
Funding cuts to local councils in England have been "unfair", the Public Accounts Committee has said.
Newcastle United manager Rafael Benitez and Sunderland counterpart Sam Allardyce say their teams will "fight until the end" to avoid Premier League relegation.
Snooker player Stephen Lee has been ordered to pay £1,600 to a fan after he failed to deliver a custom-made snooker cue.
Charges have been dropped against a US woman accused of child sex offences in Wrexham.
Samsung, LG and Google have begun rolling out a major security update for the Android operating system.
A woman who killed her unborn baby by taking a miscarriage drug has been jailed for eight years.
England beat West Indies by seven wickets in the fifth one-day international in Grenada to win the series 3-2.
Former Olympic champion Kelly-Ann Sotherton says athletics should not erase world records set before 2005.
Three hospitals in Bristol and Weston-super-Mare have been placed on a black alert.
David Cameron has said the UK has "not changed" its policy on China, amid reports of a rift in relations between the two countries.
Craig McAllister's late equaliser earned 10-man Eastleigh a 1-1 draw against Aldershot at Ten Acres.
More than 100 cars have been vandalised in a spate of attacks in the north of Edinburgh.
At least seven people have been killed in the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW) after days of severe weather.
New York-based space tourism company Final Frontier is hoping to be one of the first companies to design and manufacture spacesuits for people to fly in space.
Police in Italy have arrested dozens of suspected members of a mafia clan accused of running a centre for asylum seekers as a "money printing operation".
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his wife and posting a picture of her dead body on Facebook.
Newport Gwent Dragons lock Craig Cudd has signed a new two-year contract with the region.
Spending on private ambulances by the NHS in London has more than doubled in the past three years, Labour has claimed.
UK telecom giant Vodafone has won a long-running legal battle with the Indian government over a tax dispute.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is the man who scored the winner for Manchester United in the 1999 Champions League final.
Asian shares fell on Monday after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut interest rates and kept its stimulus programme unchanged.
A report into the Casement Park football stadium project in west Belfast has recommended the use of an independent mediator to resolve issues.
A bike hire scheme in Dumfries which has seen more than 200,000 journeys in three years has been scrapped.
Tributes have been paid to football referee Joel Richards who was killed in the Tunisia beach attack.
A North Korean who was detained in Malaysia over the death of Kim Jong-nam has denied involvement in the killing.
Two teenagers who carjacked a vicar as she left a church service have been detained.
Scotland lock Jim Hamilton has announced his retirement after being left out of Vern Cotter's World Cup squad.
Great Britain's Jonnie Lewis won gold in the men's high jump as Australia's Greg Cutts failed to clear 5.55m.
The US zoo where a gorilla was shot dead after a child fell into its exhibit has deleted its Twitter account after it was flooded with references to the animal.
Growth in the world's second largest economy, China, slowed to 6.9% in 2015, down from 7.5% in 2014.
Scientists have developed a new type of lithium-ion battery with a structure inspired by the human gut.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has told his Premier League-winning players to stay at the club.
The Church of England's first woman bishop has been named as the Reverend Libby Lane.
League One side Oldham Athletic beat Championship side Wigan Athletic in the EFL Cup first round.
Swindon Town's top scorer Jay Dasilva has left the club before Saturday's defeat at Northampton Town.
The police watchdog is to investigate the police response to an incident in Fife in which a woman died.
The Royal Mail has confirmed its plan to paint a postbox gold in Henley-on-Thames is to go ahead.
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England on day three in Mirpur.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted in favour of a new pay offer.
Thousands of people are to take part in a procession across the Forth Road Bridge to mark the 50th anniversary of its opening.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US would not defend Turkey in the event of a coup.
The UK is missing out on the chance to reduce the risk of flooding, experts say.
Atletico Madrid striker Antoine Griezmann will miss Saturday's derby against Real Madrid because of a foot injury.
A gull has died after being shot in the head with an airgun on an industrial estate in Dumfries.
Asian shares traded higher on Friday after a strong lead from Wall Street where the Dow Jones closed at a record high on Thursday.
Seven men from India's low-caste Dalit community have died after taking poison in the western state of Gujarat, police say.
Comedian Steve Coogan and ex-England footballer Paul Gascoigne have been awarded damages at the High Court over phone hacking.
Scientists have recreated the nervous system of a monarch butterfly that migrates from the US to Mexico every year.
The University of Aberdeen has unveiled a new supercomputer which it says is one of the most powerful in the UK.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the Turkish people demand it, in the wake of the failed coup attempt on Friday.
A couple who have spent more than 20 years taking apart an RAF jet used in the Gulf War have put it up for sale.
A new leader of Birmingham City Council has been elected by just one vote.
Thousands of surfers have been heading to some of the world's best waves after Storm Barney hit the UK.
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in their final warm-up game before Euro 2016.
Manager Pedro Caixinha says his Rangers side are enjoying their start to the new season but wants more.
The number of students studying modern languages in Northern Ireland is falling, according to the Ulster University.
A giant structure has begun moving towards the site of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in Ukraine.
Tour de France champion and defending champion Chris Froome has had an investigation into a hit-and-run incident in which his bike was hit by a car.
Northern Ireland's 11 new councils will be taking on a host of new responsibilities from next year.
Historic England has called for West Yorkshire's textile mills to be "cherished" after a fire destroyed a former cotton mill in Bradford.
bunting for the Tour de France in Cambridge has been "checked appropriately" to ensure it does not get wet, the city council has said.
A senior Hindu temple priest has sparked outrage after he said allowing women to enter a temple would lead to an increase in rape.
A mother has told a child sex abuse trial her daughter's character "changed from a lovely girl to an animal" after being abused in Rotherham.
A man who found a newborn baby girl at a bus stop in north Wales has described his "fatherly instinct".
The UK Border Agency questioned staff at a restaurant owned by the new leader of the UK Independence Party.
A group of Australian scientists stranded on a research ship in the Antarctic have been airlifted to safety after it ran aground.
Four people have been rescued after their yacht ran aground off the County Antrim coast.
Spain's Santander and Germany's Deutsche Bank have failed the latest round of US bank "stress tests".
A fund set up in memory of MP Jo Cox has raised more than £1m in five days.
Online grocer Ocado has returned to profit for the first time in 10 years, after a rise in sales and customer numbers.
Chris Gunter says Wales have "underachieved" as they close in on qualifying for Euro 2016.
AMs have met Irish government ministers to discuss the impact of Brexit on trade between Wales and the Republic of Ireland.
A World War Two flare has been found on a beach in Ceredigion.
Scotland's number one seed Laura Archer has won the women's title at the Scottish National Squash Championships in Edinburgh.
Former Glasgow City Council leader Michael Matheson is to stand down as a councillor to take up a post as a professor at Strathclyde University.
At least 10 police officers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a police station in the southern Afghan province of Helmand, officials say.
The number of former pupils in Scotland continuing in education, employment or training has increased, according to new figures.
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race faces a "new set of threats" in the future.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Brian Harman share the lead after the third round of the US Open.
A woman applying for a job in Germany who wears a headscarf is less likely to be invited for interview than a woman who does not, a study has found.
Lewis Hamilton says he will fix his start problems at the Chinese Grand Prix.
Tens of thousands of people have marched in the Mexican capital, Mexico City, to protest against plans to legalise same-sex marriage.
Five people have been arrested at the Aberdeen v Celtic match at Pittodrie.
A man has been jailed for 10 years for a "horrendous" series of rapes and attacks on a woman.
The number of young people in the UK who own their own home is falling, councils have warned.
The family of a soldier who was found dead at an Army barracks in Surrey 20 years ago have won a fresh inquest into his death.
A rift has opened up in the family of Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, over the intense commemoration of his death.
Three Dundee students have designed a credit card-reading bag which tells you when to put it back.
Two former employees at a boarding school have been charged with historical child sex offences.
Premiership club Harlequins have signed fly-half Ruaridh Jackson from Wasps.
Worcestershire and Kent's opening County Championship Division Two match of the season has been abandoned without a ball bowled because of a frozen outfield.
More than 350 people have been rescued after a fire broke out on a ferry travelling from the Spanish island of Mallorca to the Italian port of Taranto.
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim last week have returned to three locations in Belfast.
A food firm has been fined £15,000 for mislabelling frozen meat.
Pierre-Yves Godin was just a teenager when his family's home was destroyed by fire.
Whoever bought a winning lottery ticket in north Wales is being urged to come forward to claim a £1m prize.
A French honorary consul has been caught selling boats to migrants in the Turkish resort of Bodrum, where a three-year-old Syrian boy drowned last week.
Scottish UKIP MEP Tom Coburn has said he would "do his best" to be the party's next leader but called on party members to "run the thing".
Eddie Redmayne has been working with a movement coach to perfect his performance as Einar Wegener in a new film.
Ronnie O'Sullivan lost 4-3 to Jimmy Holt in the first round of the Welsh Open in Llandudno.
Badges are to be offered on the London Underground to help disabled and drug-affected people get around the capital.
Featherstone Rovers' Jordan Pick and St Helens' John Bateman may have taken banned substances in the run-up to the Super League season.
Authorities in Nigeria's largest city Lagos have shut down about 200 mosques and churches in a crackdown on noise.
Linfield edged out Glenavon 4-3 in the Irish Premiership derby at Mourneview Park.
In our series of letters from GPs, Dr Helen Stokes-Lampard, chairwoman of the Royal College of GPs, says doctors must do more to talk about dying.
Rangers Football Club has raised more than £20m through a share issue, with fans contributing £5m.
The government in Indian-administered Kashmir has imposed a ban on lavish weddings in the state.
Sunday Times political writer Adrian Gill has died at the age of 59.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City academy director Mark Allen as their new director of football.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel has been on the front line of Europe's migration crisis.
The "heart" of the lost Dark Age kingdom of Rheged may have been in Galloway, according to an archaeologist.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey are in contention at the Travelers Championship after the third round in Connecticut.
When Annan Athletic's Omar Hashim scored the first goal in the Scottish Cup, his uncle in Iraq told him it was a dream come true.
More than half of councils in England and Wales are planning to increase council tax bills in April, a survey suggests.
A supplier of ambulances to the NHS has said he has been left "aggrieved" after not being paid by the company running the service.
United States striker Alex Morgan has signed for Women's Super League One club Lyon on a two-year deal.
Great Britain's Hannah Cockcroft missed out on a medal in her World Cup snowboard slopestyle debut after failing to qualify for the final.
Great Britain's double Olympic champion Nicola Adams has welcomed the WBC's decision to ban three-minute rounds in women's boxing.
Holders Sevilla came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final against Shakhtar Donetsk.
The US military's top commander in Europe, General Philip Breedlove, has warned that Russia's military presence in the Black Sea is "unprecedented".
You're a 10-year-old boy and you dream of winning the biggest sporting event in the world.
Ludwig the piano-playing dog is a big fan of music.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has "lost the run" of Northern Ireland's political institutions over a botched green energy scheme, Sinn Féin has said.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to retire following the child abuse scandal in Rotherham.
The number of people in Wales with type 1 diabetes has risen by more than 20,000 in the last decade, a charity has warned.
Hearts have signed Polish defender Tomasz Grzelak on a two-year deal.
Up to a quarter of the free-to-use cash machines in the UK could be at risk as a result of a dispute between banks and the network that runs them.
A Saudi source has told the BBC that a £42m ($54m; £37m) donation to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's campaign team ahead of elections in May 2013 was a simple act of kindness.
Chris Eubank Jr says he will not let the injury to Nick Blackwell affect his performance in his rematch with Liam Doran on Saturday.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,000 fake life jackets made for migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean to Europe.
A football fan who ran on to the pitch during a League One match has been given a suspended prison sentence.
Chris and Gabby Adcock won the mixed doubles title at the English Badminton Championships.
Sheffield United had a penalty saved and scored a late winner to beat Shrewsbury Town in League One.
Poland striker Robert Lewandowski scored twice in a World Cup qualifier against Romania after being hit by a firework thrown from the crowd.
Kids in Australia have been given the chance to design a national park in Lego.
All crew on the Northern Isles freight boats will be paid the minimum wage, the Scottish government has confirmed.
Lock Taulupe Faletau is set to return for Ospreys against the Scarlets on Boxing Day after recovering from a knee injury.
Trainer Markus Ackerman has had his 18-month ban for match-fixing extended after failing in an appeal.
Nato has formally ended its mission in Afghanistan after 13 years of fighting against the Taliban.
A German far-right politician who was injured in a car crash on Saturday has been helped by refugees who happened to be passing by, reports say.
A man has died in a two-car crash in Stockport.
Prime Minister Theresa May is "giving the impression" she is not listening to the Welsh government, the first minister has warned.
Paul Downton has been appointed as the England and Wales Cricket Board's new managing director.
The parents of a man who was killed by a speeding driver who sent a photo of his speedometer at 142mph to a friend have called for tougher sentences for dangerous drivers.
Two sheep have been found wandering the streets of Dumfries.
Greece's new left-wing Syriza government has outlined the reforms it wants to make in order to unlock the next instalment of its multi-billion dollar bailout.
Views are being sought on the future of Gloucester Prison.
Fearne Cotton has presented her final show on BBC Radio 1 after 10 years.
Bath and England centre Anthony Watson has been charged with two offences by the Rugby Football Union following his red card in Saturday's defeat by Saracens.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as National League leaders Cheltenham Town thrashed Woking.
An ancient Chinese board game has been discovered in a tomb.
New Rangers defender Bruno Alves says he would have joined the club even if they had not played in Europe this season.
China's inflation rate eased in September, adding to expectations of more stimulus from the government.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says defender Jazz Richards has not been "much use" to him during his recovery from a calf injury.
Investigators say a co-pilot activated a safety device before the crash of a Virgin Galactic spaceship on Friday.
As Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over so-called Islamic State in Mosul, the BBC's Alastair Leithead has been in the city.
Honey bees are being harmed by common pesticides, research suggests.
A new marine energy research centre at the Ulster University is to be set up with a £20m grant from the European Union.
Thermal anomalies have been found in the Giza pyramids, Egyptian officials say.
Homes and a school have been evacuated after a suspected World War Two bomb was found in a quarry.
A second man has been charged with conspiracy to kidnap British model Chloe Ayling.
As the Muslim holy month of Ramadan draws to a close, TV pranks in the Arab world are becoming increasingly controversial.
General Motors is to invest C$400m (£280m) in its plant in Ontario, Canada to build the Chevrolet Equinox and GMC Terrain.
The casket of former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has been brought to city hall for a public repose.
A fox cub has been rescued after getting stuck in the engine of a car on the A74(M) near Lockerbie.
The Scots accent is flourishing in Scotland, according to a new study.
A project to save a Surrey cathedral from demolition has reached its fundraising target.
Actress Robin Wright has revealed that she was paid the same as her male co-star Kevin Spacey for playing the same role in the Netflix political drama House of Cards, but the issue of equal pay for women in the US is still "far too common".
(Close) Wall Street markets closed little changed on Thursday as investors assessed the latest batch of corporate results.
Unpaid internships should be banned, MPs say in a report on social mobility.
A scheme to cut the cost of offshore wind energy is to receive funding from the Scottish government.
A pregnant woman accused of trying to smuggle 12 illegal immigrants into the UK in a van has told a court she had no idea they were there.
Cuba's 1959 revolution, led by revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, was one of the defining images of the 20th Century.
Australia captain Michael Clarke says Alastair Cook has "got the right-sized feet" to become one of the world's greatest batsmen after England's series win in India.
The Scottish SPCA has called for the licensing of airguns after a cat was shot three times with a pellet gun in the Highlands.
The rainbow flag has been flown at Stormont for the first time.
A Labour MEP is to step down from his role in the European Parliament to take up a job in the US.
Hackers who claim to have stolen Game of Thrones scripts and other material from HBO have released two episodes of the US network's comedy Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Police are investigating allegations of sexual abuse at the Kids Company charity in London.
Actor Morgan Freeman is to receive the American Film Institute's (AFI) lifetime achievement award.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley, West Sussex, on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has seen its capital levels fall in the latest European stress tests, which simulate the impact of a major economic shock.
Passengers and vehicles on a chain ferry on the Isle of Wight will no longer be allowed to board at the same time.
Wakefield Wildcats forward Kevin Simon has signed a new three-year contract with the club.
A new form asking people to name the person their husband or wife committed adultery with has been criticised by family lawyers.
A greylag goose has returned to a Highlands nature reserve for another season of drama.
Do you worry you won't be able to find your phone when you get home?
Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman has suggested that Jewish people in New York helped Donald Trump win the US presidential election.
Passengers were evacuated from Oxford Circus Tube station after a fire on a train.
Police in Egypt are routinely sexually assaulting detainees, Human Rights Watch says.
Leigh Griffiths says he and his Celtic team-mates are already looking forward to next season after securing the Scottish Premiership title.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, official figures show.
A UKTV show featuring Derren Brown has been banned for being "harmful" to children.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty won his second gold medal of the World Championships with victory in the 50m breaststroke.
A picture of a freckle on the hand of a paedophile has been used as evidence in a landmark case in the UK.
A Chinese astronaut has returned to Earth after living in a capsule for a year in space.
A Winnipeg man has been charged with attempted murder after a series of bomb attacks at law offices in the Canadian city.
Relegated Dundee United have signed Ross Murdoch from Ross County.
The bodies of three Italian journalists kidnapped in Libya last year have been found in the east of the country.
Britain's Hannah Lucas and Saskia Clark won the RS:X title at the World Para Sailing Cup in Sydney, Australia.
All students in England's universities should be required to sign a contract agreeing to the quality of their courses, says Universities Minister Alan Johnson.
India has condemned the death sentence handed down to an Indian former navy officer by a military court in Pakistan.
At least 16 people have been killed in a car bomb blast in the Somali capital Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been held at knifepoint during an aggravated burglary at a house in Londonderry.
The RSPCA has received 1,267 calls about dog fighting in England and Wales in the last year.
Sixty-five people have appeared in court in Myanmar in connection with violent protests against higher education reforms.
An Islamic high school in Birmingham has defended a governor who asked to sit in a doorway at a meeting.
A Denbighshire pensioner who raped and sexually abused a girl has been jailed for 12 years.
Cambridge United's winless start to the League Two season continued with a 2-1 defeat at home to Morecambe.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of a number of firearms offences.
Cardiff City striker Kenwyne Jones is a doubt for Sunday's Championship trip to Middlesbrough.
Six of the biggest teaching unions in England and Wales have warned of a "crisis" in recruiting and retaining teachers.
Fracking operations in Lancashire have been halted after a small earthquake was detected near the drilling site at Preese Hall.
An exhibition of works by Caravaggio has opened at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh.
Apple has made changes to its iPhone and iPad operating system to prevent hackers using a tool to gain access to users' iCloud accounts using its two-step verification system.
The family of the British journalist, Marie Colvin, who was killed in Syria, are suing the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
A four-month-old baby boy was killed by a family dog while his brother was seriously injured, an inquest has heard.
Sport funding in Scotland is to be cut by 20% over the next three years.
Scientists from across Europe are calling for more to be done to help mothers-to-be who are overweight or obese during pregnancy.
Weapons believed to be 3,000 years old have been discovered on the Isle of Coll in Argyll.
A teenage boy was punched and stamped on as he lay on a train in Glasgow.
A British teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of possessing and sharing sexually explicit images of children.
Beyonce has been named the world's highest-paid artist of 2014, taking home an estimated $75m (£55m).
A World Cup winner's medal awarded to Brazil's football legend Pele has sold at auction in New York for £75,000.
Indonesia's president has demanded an apology from Australia after reports that Canberra spied on his phone.
Human rights groups have condemned a video that appears to show Syrian rebels shooting dead dozens of government soldiers and pro-government militiamen.
Sharing fields between organic and conventional farming methods can boost biodiversity, a Swansea University study has found.
Artists including One Direction, Little Mix and Radiohead have signed an open letter calling for a crackdown on secondary ticketing websites.
The Treasury has announced that it is raising the rate at which it is charging the UK's five biggest banks - HSBC, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyds Banking Group and Santander - for the bank levy.
A sell-off in global bond markets has continued since Donald Trump's US election victory, with investors worried about his economic policies.
Tesco has reported another rise in UK sales, as it continues to cut prices in a "challenging" market.
A driver was caught by police trying to find a new Sam Smith song on his phone while driving in Dorset.
Actress Dame Judi Dench has revealed she has been told her James Bond role as M in Skyfall is "over" because she is blind.
A double-decker bus became stuck in a muck heap on a farm.
Stargazers in Asia have been treated to a spectacular view of a lunar eclipse.
A leading economist has said the Welsh government's support for a universal basic income is "worrying".
Two Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board hospitals in Denbigh and Conwy have improved their food hygiene ratings.
As the dust settles on the general election campaign in Wales, it's time to look ahead to next year.
Unions have said they would welcome a new nuclear reactor at the former nuclear power plant at Trawsfynydd in Ceredigion.
Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed Martin Natzler as the new Clerk of the House of Commons.
A group of MPs has called on the government to legalise medical cannabis in the UK, but campaigners say patients should be able to access the drug legally.
Tunisians have voted in the second round of a presidential election, the first since the 2011 "Arab Spring".
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign Dundee United midfielder Chris Erskine to replace Barry Bannigan.
Tax experts from the so-called Big Four accountancy firms have defended the use of tax avoidance schemes.
A new study has shown that a cervical cancer vaccine has "knocked out" three types of the virus that causes the disease.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he turned down the job at Aston Villa in the summer.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a 93-year-old man who says he was a member of a Nazi death squad during World War Two.
Small businesses in Scotland are lagging behind the rest of the UK when it comes to digital skills, according to a new report.
(Closed): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday after a report showed the US services sector picked up in June.
A 25-year-old man has been jailed for life for raping a 15-year-old girl in a park.
World champions Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been warned they face "significant penalties" if they continue to engage in dangerous driving.
Russia has blocked access to dozens of pornography websites, despite a ban imposed two years ago.
The childhood home of writer Gertrude Bell and a former cotton mill are among the 10 most endangered historic buildings in England.
Voters in Iraq go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament in the first election since US troops left the country.
The niece of France's far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen, Marine Maréchal-Le Pen, is to step down, French newspaper Le Figaro reports.
Prop Tomas Francis says he is relieved to keep his place in the Wales team for the Six Nations match against Italy.
Eight people have been arrested after a disturbance at a branch of the Royal Bank of Scotland in Flintshire.
A coastal railway line could be cut off by up to 120 days a year in the future, a study has warned.
Southeastern has announced it is to compensate rail passengers affected by the closure of the Channel Tunnel sea wall.
Thousands of music fans have started to arrive at the Glastonbury Festival after a day of wet weather.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has accused two Labour AMs of using "aggressive" language about the EU referendum.
After two years of writing this blog, I am leaving the BBC to become a freelance presenter.
Burton Albion have signed Fulham's Lasse Christensen and Cardiff City's Cauley Woodrow on loan until January.
Fourteen years ago, Victoria Williams received a phone call from a health visitor.
A man who put a "green monster" pushchair up for sale on eBay for £900 has sold it for £12,000.
A former Rabobank trader has pleaded guilty in the US to trying to rig a key Japanese interest rate.
Hull FC have signed 24-year-old centre Joe Arundel from Catalans Dragons on a two-year deal.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England should be scrapped, a leading health expert has said.
Helen Jenkins should be selected for Great Britain's triathlon team for the Rio Olympics after winning the World Series event in Australia, says fellow Briton Non Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loan portfolio.
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has unveiled plans to launch private rockets into space.
An environmental group has won a legal challenge against plans for four offshore wind farms.
A Fife man who confessed to raping and sexually abusing two young girls told police he was having hallucinations when he made the confession, a court has heard.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street on Boxing Day.
The BBC's Paul Carter has been reporting from South Sudan's border with Uganda, where tens of thousands of people have been fleeing ethnic violence.
Derek McInnes insists Aberdeen will still finish second in the Premiership despite their 3-0 defeat by Rangers.
A Derby ram has been promoted in the army.
So-called Islamic State (IS) has said it carried out a triple suicide attack on a Shia shrine in the Iraqi town of Balad, killing at least 25 people.
The word "binge-watch" has been named word of the year by the Collins English Dictionary.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari and his coaching staff have resigned from the Brazilian Football Federation (CBF) following the 2014 World Cup.
Some cancer medicines on the NHS in the UK have seen price rises of more than 100% in the past five years, researchers at the British Cancer Society conference say.
The search is on for the winner of the Mo Ibrahim Prize for African leadership, which was launched in 2003 by the Sudanese-born entrepreneur.
The Met Office has issued an amber "be aware" warning of strong winds for Friday.
Actress Michelle Terry is to become the actor-manager of Shakespeare's Globe.
Police are searching for a woman who has gone missing with a two-year-old girl from Cardiff.
If you want to be a rock star in the world of music, you've got to look your best.
A mural by the street artist Banksy that went missing from a US auction is to be put up for sale in London.
Gambling revenues in the Chinese city of Macau fell sharply in the first nine months of the year, as a government crackdown on corruption took its toll.
The council of India's top literary body, the Sahitya Akademi, has issued a statement condemning recent attacks on writers.
More than 2,000 people have signed an online petition to save three degree courses at a private college in Oxford.
The partner of missing Swansea man David Warburton has been arrested in the Republic of Ireland.
Britain's Adam Yates moved into the overall lead of the Paris-Nice after finishing third on stage five.
England midfielder James Milner has retired from international football.
Arsenal and Hull City will replay in the FA Cup fourth round after a goalless draw at Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has filed legal action in the US, accusing Samsung of using its technologies without permission.
Saif al-Arab Gaddafi's death at the Bab al-Aziziya compound in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, is a significant moment in the war against the regime of Col Muammar Gaddafi.
A man has died and a seven-year-old girl has been injured in a car crash.
A UK government minister has said the fiscal framework for Scotland's new tax powers will be published "in the coming days".
The US Secretary of State, John Kerry, has said China's militarisation of the South China Sea is a "serious concern".
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has accused the prime minister of being a "slender and fragile" leader after the government postponed a Commons vote on hunting.
Jeremy Corbyn has urged Theresa May to split the Grenfell Tower fire inquiry into two parts.
Ospreys have signed South Africa prop Brian Mujati until the end of the season.
Rescuers are searching a mountain in Vietnam for a British backpacker who fell while climbing.
The funeral of Leeds Rhinos club president Harry Jepson has been held.
Edinburgh Zoo has said its giant panda Tian Tian may give birth at the end of the month.
The public is being asked to vote for the UK's official national bird - the blackbird, the robin or the hen harrier.
Police in the Austrian town of Braunau am Inn have arrested a man who appears to be a lookalike of the Nazi leader.
A man has died after being stabbed in Sheffield.
Two Tube lines have been temporarily closed due to the Grenfell Tower fire in west London.
Joe Root is the "obvious candidate" to be England Test captain, says pace bowler James Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced plans to allow internet service providers to charge content providers for faster access, the internet was abuzz.
Burnley moved top of the Championship as Andre Gray's first-half penalty gave them victory over Blackburn in the Lancashire derby.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced that it is to create 1,000 new jobs at its plant in Solihull, West Midlands, to develop flexible chassis technology.
Corey Whitely's goal gave Dagenham a 1-0 win at Eastleigh in the National League.
Jon Stead's late winner earned Notts County a 2-1 victory at Hartlepool in League Two.
A 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death at a bar in south London has been named by police.
A list of trees from across the UK has been shortlisted to represent the UK in the European Tree of the Year competition.
A man has died and two girls have been taken to hospital after getting into difficulty in the sea off Anglesey.
Up to 50 jobs are to go at the Kerry Foods factory in Lisnagarvey, County Fermanagh, after the closure of the plant.
Jellyfish experts have warned swimmers to avoid contact with large blooms of jellyfish on the north Wales coast.
A woman was "brutally, brutally murdered" by a man and woman who used a circular saw to cut through her neck, a court has heard.
The Duke of Cambridge's colleagues at RAF Valley in Wales have welcomed the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's first child.
Uncapped lock Josh Thornton says he is excited to make his Wales debut against Samoa in Cardiff on Friday.
Durham County Council is to seek a judicial review of a planning inspector's decision to reject a major development plan.
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) is failing to remove 150,000 people who have been told to leave the UK, the immigration inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named in a list of the world's 100 most powerful women.
DNA found on a flock of stolen sheep led to the arrest of a Ceredigion man, police have said.
An exhibition of the work of author William Blake has opened in south London.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is the world's riskiest candidate, the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has said.
The London Stock Exchange Group (LSE) and Deutsche Boerse have set a date for shareholders to vote on the proposed merger of the two companies.
At a steam bathhouse in London's West End, a wooden board is placed on your back, and a bunch of oak leaves are applied to your back and neck.
Broadcaster Sky has launched a new mobile phone service that piggybacks on the mobile network of O2.
Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce has said he will "strongly" campaign for same-sex marriage ahead of a national vote on the issue.
Eldin Jakupovic produced a string of fine saves as Hull City held Manchester United to a goalless draw at Old Trafford in the Premier League.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a man was hit by a Tube train.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's pole position record of 68 at the Belgian Grand Prix.
A year on from the death of her three-year-old son Kayden, Julie and her daughter Shannon are sitting in the living room of their home in Stockport.
The Labour Party is investigating claims a councillor shared a Facebook post calling for the death penalty for paedophiles.
St Johnstone moved to within a point of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a draw at Rangers.
Donald Trump's election as the 45th president of the United States, and Ted Cruz's second-place finish in the Republican presidential primary, is a bitter-sweet moment for political losers.
A 23-year-old man who was shot by police has been named as a man who was armed with a knife.
John Terry says he has "options" but has not yet decided on his future.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Sale held on to beat Premiership leaders Wasps.
Lewis Hamilton became only the third driver in Formula 1 history to win 50 races with victory in the United States Grand Prix.
Rescuers in Sri Lanka are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide that has buried dozens of villages.
Justin Gatlin ran the fastest time of the year in the 200m at the Diamond League meeting in Eugene, Oregon.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered cuts to the cost of a custom-made "rest chamber" on a flight to the UK.
Human rights group Amnesty International has urged India to repeal a controversial law that gives the security forces sweeping powers in Indian-administered Kashmir.
BBC Scotland is to be allowed to film the sentencing of a man at the High Court in Edinburgh using the social media site Twitter.
Columnist Katie Hopkins has apologised to a family who were prevented from boarding a flight to the US after she falsely claimed they were extremists.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of censorship after the toy company refused to sell to him.
Miranda Hart has made her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie.
A plan to end rough sleeping in a town could see a temporary night shelter set up.
Mikheil Saakashvili's bid for a third term in office in Georgia's parliamentary elections on Sunday is the latest stage in a political career that has taken him around the world.
A charity has warned of a "crisis of low pay and poor conditions" in the workplace in Scotland.
West Ham came from two goals down to beat Juventus 3-2 in their first game at the club's new London home in the Champions League.
At least 26 students have been killed in a fire at a school in northern Nigeria's Kano state, officials say.
Great Britain rowers have been named in the 23-strong squad for the World Rowing Cup in Florida.
British and Irish Lions Sam Warburton, Dan Lydiate, Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have signed new national dual contracts.
Aston Villa have signed former England left-back Carlton Cole on a one-year deal.
Theresa May has said the UK's future relationship with the European Union will be a "new and special partnership" with the EU.
Beekeepers are being asked to record the different noises made by honey bees to help scientists learn more about their behaviour.
National League side Lincoln City stunned League One Oldham Athletic to reach the third round of the FA Cup.
The failure to award the West Coast Main Line rail franchise to FirstGroup could cost the taxpayer up to £1bn, MPs have said, blaming the Department for Transport.
In the world of science, women make up less than 1% of the world's leading scientists.
Former world champion Stephen Hendry was knocked out in the first round of the Northern Ireland Open, losing 4-0 to England's Robert Lines.
A year on from the Scottish independence referendum, the Sunday Herald and Scotland on Sunday newspapers are struggling to find a readership, and STV is struggling to turn a profit.
Local areas should be able to raise extra money for the NHS and social care, the Liberal Democrats' Norman Lamb has told the party conference.
Clyde manager Barry Ferguson admits it is "easy to walk away" from the Scottish League Two strugglers after Saturday's home defeat by Annan Athletic.
If Greece's third general election in six years produces a hung parliament, with no party winning an outright majority, the country's future in the EU is in doubt.
The cockpit door of a Spitfire that crashed in a field in County Monaghan during World War Two has been found.
Parents are taking a council to court over a change in school transport policy.
Hundreds of Italian Catholics have attended a mass in Glasgow to remember the victims of the earthquake in Italy.
Australia's prime minister is facing a leadership challenge from within his own party, with the country's conservative opposition threatening to oust him.
Lewis Hamilton headed title rival Sebastian Vettel and team-mate Nico Rosberg in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix.
A man has been charged with fraud following the cancellation of the V Festival in Brighton.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark the city's return to China 20 years ago.
A rapper has staged a protest in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu against the appointment of a woman chief minister.
Eleven people have been arrested over a landslide in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen last month.
The Scottish government has been warned it could face legal action over its record on air pollution.
A US judge has found a white police officer not guilty over the deaths of two unarmed black people after a high-speed chase in Ohio.
The UN Security Council has expressed "outrage" at twin bomb attacks in Syria that killed at least 120 people and injured more than 200.
Cornish Pirates say scrapping the promotion play-offs in the Premiership will "take away" the competition.
Recycling income for Welsh councils has dropped by more than £400,000 in the last year because of falling prices for some materials.
The World Economic Forum is taking place in the Swiss city of Davos.
A 12-year-old boy has been reported to police after a knife was found at a school in Dumfries and Galloway.
The UK Championship gets under way in York on Thursday, with Ronnie O'Sullivan, Mark Selby, Judd Trump and Ding Junhui among the top contenders for the title.
Red Bull's performance in the season-opening Australian Grand Prix was a huge disappointment.
On 18 September, the people of Scotland will vote in a historic referendum on whether to stay in the UK or become an independent country.
Traders in Perth are launching a campaign to "reinvigorate" the city centre on Thursday night.
Hampshire's Liam Dawson says he is delighted to be back in England's Twenty20 squad.
The Gaelic Athletic Association and the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) have joined forces at the funeral of Constable Ronan Kerr in County Tyrone.
Scotland's most senior law officer, Frank Mulholland, is to step down from his role next year.
A ferry has run aground in Shetland after its engine failed.
A woman found stabbed to death at a house in Rotherham has been named by police.
SNP MP Kirsty Black has been named one of the 50 most influential people in the world by music magazine NME.
A terminally ill man with locked-in syndrome has challenged the law on assisted dying at the High Court in London.
Porto stunned Bayern Munich in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie.
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed to pay £3m to the family of a 17-year-old boy who suffered a heart attack while playing for the club's academy.
Actress Keira Knightley is to return to Broadway in a new play next year.
New Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza wants to talk to Lionel Messi about reversing his decision to retire from international football.
A seven-year-old Canadian boy who accidentally ripped a comic book out of a book when he fell asleep reading has been named as Jackson.
Scott Waites says winning the BDO World Darts Championship was "a dream come true" after recovering from shoulder surgery.
Catalans Dragons prop Eddy Aiton will miss the start of the Super League season with a knee injury.
A man has been shot dead after reports of a man with an axe in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Birmingham City Women have signed Germany international Monika Linden from Eintracht Frankfurt.
MPs have threatened to seek a complaint of contempt against Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley if he refuses to appear before a Commons select committee.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has denied his players have been banned from drinking alcohol at the World Cup in New Zealand.
Dundee thrashed Motherwell at Fir Park to record their first away win since October.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side "struggle" in the Champions League.
The three people who died in a crash on a theme park ride in Australia's Gold Coast on Monday have been named locally as a mother, her brother and her partner.
A drug dealer who stored heroin in his home to pay off a debt was caught after a police raid, a court has heard.
Swansea City are in talks with former Marseille boss Marcelo Bielsa about becoming the club's new head coach, reports BBC Radio Solent.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a rival gang member with an axe in south London.
When the world's most important central bank decides to raise interest rates, you know you're in for a shock.
Three men have been jailed for grooming a teenage girl into having sex with men for money.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard will miss the start of Chelsea's pre-season tour after having ankle surgery.
Detectives investigating the murder of a man at a house in Cambridgeshire have named a man they want to speak to.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said his organs will be used to help others.
Premiership side Bath flanker Calum Clark could be out for "a little while" after suffering a neck injury.
A public inquiry into plans for the Circuit of Wales in Blaenau Gwent is to close.
Garry Thompson scored a dramatic stoppage-time winner as Morecambe came from behind to beat Cheltenham 2-1 at the Globe Arena.
The suicide rate among people with mental health problems who are cared for by crisis teams in the home is rising, a report says.
Ulster beat Connacht 1-11 to 0-13 in the Dr McKenna Cup final.
New and existing MSPs should get a "decent cup of coffee" for committee meetings at the Scottish Parliament, MSPs have been told.
Operations may have to be cancelled at some hospitals in Wales because of winter pressures, the chief executive of the Royal College of Surgeons has said.
Ethiopia is one of the world's poorest countries, and the vast majority of its people live on less than $1 a day.
Two fishermen have been rescued from Lough Swilly in County Donegal.
Two-time Tour de France champion Alberto Contador says Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana will be his main rivals in the Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have rescued a red sand boa constrictor after a sting operation.
Brazil's impeached President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential palace in the capital, Brasilia.
Derry City moved up to third in the Premier Division as Sean Boyle's early goal earned them victory over Wexford Youths at Maginn Park.
A mountain rescue team has said a campaign to attract tourists to the summit of Snowdon contributed to a rise in callouts.
When Paris St-Germain (PSG) agreed to sign Barcelona striker Neymar for a world record fee of 222m euros (£200m), the world of football was shocked.
Celtic made the most of the January transfer window in the Scottish Premiership by bringing in two players from Turkish clubs.
The Pirate Bay (TPB) has suffered a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack.
Joel Gibbard has won the UK engineering prize at the TED (Technology, Entertainment and Design) conference for a prosthetic arm and hand that can be customised.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon has won the backing of his party, the Republicans, after a mass rally on Sunday.
The A&E department at a hospital in Shropshire could close under plans to move services to the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says captain Scott Brown has been a "big part" of his career.
The £18bn deal to build a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset has been signed.
The number of armed forces personnel contacting a helpline for help with mental health issues has more than doubled in a year, a charity has said.
A former Metropolitan Police detective has been jailed for four years for possessing and making indecent images of children.
Is the threat of a coup against the Labour Party now real?
Mark Selby fought back to lead Marco Fu 5-3 in the World Championship semi-final at the Crucible.
Scotland striker Jess Evans says reaching the Euro 2017 finals would be "devastating" for the national team.
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death in her classroom have called for an independent inquiry into her murder.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says local players like Aaron Ramsey and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain should lead the team if he leaves the club.
The Nepalese government has said it is planning to stop issuing permits to people with disabilities to climb Mount Everest.
The family of a man who died in a wrong-way crash on the M1 by an 80-year-old driver have called for changes to the law.
A former US student who was jailed for six months for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman has been released from jail.
Network Rail has unveiled plans to protect a coastal railway line damaged by the sea.
New York's Guggenheim Museum has unveiled a gold-plated toilet that can be used by the public.
The work of a US artist who was inspired by the Sound of Sleat is to be celebrated at St Andrews College.
BT has defended the roll-out of superfast broadband in parts of Scotland.
Education Minister Huw Lewis has dropped a target for Welsh schools to be in the top 20 in international tests by 2021.
TalkTalk has confirmed that three of its employees have been arrested in India on suspicion of data theft.
Police in the US state of Iowa have arrested a man suspected of killing two police officers in separate ambush-style attacks.
The number of student teacher places at Aberdeen and Highlands and Islands universities is to be increased next year, the Scottish government has announced.
Europe's Ryder Cup vice-captain Paul Lawrie says Rory McIlroy's return to form bodes well for the team at Gleneagles.
Unison has backed left-wing MP Jeremy Corbyn in the Labour leadership contest.
England's world number one Luke Donald is one shot off the lead at the halfway stage of the Farmers Insurance Open in San Diego.
Jamie Heaslip will start for Ireland in the Six Nations match against Wales in Cardiff on Saturday after recovering from injury.
The chief executive of Oldham Council has been suspended over allegations of child protection failings.
Video streaming service Netflix has said it is now available in every country on the planet.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes has left the club.
Is it the calm before the storm that is Greece?
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face charges over the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said.
Playing golf can extend a player's life by up to 10 years, a study has suggested.
Former Australia international forward Joe Mason has retired from rugby league with Catalans Dragons because of an ankle injury.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with shares in London fashion house Burberry leading the way.
MatchMuslim, a dating website for Muslim men and women, has been hacked, with the details of more than 1.5 million members leaked online.
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela's vice-president for alleged drug trafficking.
A 25-year-old man has been stabbed in the leg in Londonderry.
A Cold War novel about a Soviet spy in the US has been turned into a film.
Tanzania's President Jakaya Kikwete has sacked a minister after MPs accused her of taking $1m (£700,000) from a government escrow account.
In the end, Theresa May's speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham was a triumph for the prime minister.
US investment bank JP Morgan Chase is reported to be close to agreeing to pay $13bn (£8bn) to settle claims it misled investors about mortgage-backed securities.
Welsh cyclist Becky James remains on course to be fit for the Rio 2016 Olympics, says British Cycling technical director Shane Sutton.
South Korean team SKT Gaming has won the grand final of the League of Legends (LoL) tournament in the US.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell's late goal gave 10-man Sheffield United victory over 10-man Bury.
The BBC has learned that the soldier who shot dead two police officers was being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder.
All pictures are copyrighted.
A Belgian man has been charged with terrorism offences over his alleged links to the Paris attacks.
Great Britain's James Guy and Chloe Tutton won bronze medals at the European Championships in Amsterdam.
Loans could be offered to help young crofters get on the housing ladder, Rural Economy Minister Aileen McLeod has said.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash has said the club will be "financially viable" for next season.
The pound has fallen 1% against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate unexpectedly slowed.
A collision between Earth and a planet could explain the abundance of carbon in the planet's mantle.
Asian shares traded mostly higher on Friday after a positive lead from Wall Street.
The FBI's refusal to help unlock an iPhone used by San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook has sparked a new legal battle in the US.
A Peruvian-born football fan has won a competition to design Ayr United's new badge.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Swansea.
A West Yorkshire teenager who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State is reported to have been killed in Iraq.
The Belfast Giants have signed seven players for the upcoming Elite League season.
A 12-year-old boy who was found hanged in his bedroom had told a fellow pupil "life is unfair", an inquest has heard.
A prominent dissident republican preacher charged with terrorism offences has been granted permission to travel to the Republic of Ireland on bail.
A new £2.7m centre has been opened in Rhondda Cynon Taff to tackle the growing problem of patients with wounds.
In the days after a chemical weapons attack on a rebel-held town in Syria last week, US President Donald Trump took to Twitter to lambast his predecessor.
Wes Foderingham says the racist abuse of Celtic's Scott Sinclair by a Rangers fan was "unacceptable".
A day before he died, Prince's representatives reached out to a specialist in addiction treatment for urgent help.
The Twelve Closes of the Old Town in Edinburgh are to be given a new lease of life.
A law banning full-face Islamic veils such as the niqab or the burka has come into force in Belgium.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman died when she was hit by a car in West Yorkshire.
Former Ireland and British and Irish Lions lock Paul O'Connell has joined Munster as a consultant.
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has defected from Jeremy Corbyn's party to the Liberal Democrats.
The cultivation of the coca leaf - the raw ingredient for cocaine - has increased in Colombia, the United Nations says.
He's the Scottish-born son of a former Scotland rugby union international and, at 6ft 2in, he looks more like a rugby union player than a footballer.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Kurtley Chudley has been ruled out for six to eight weeks with a chest injury.
Souleymane Cisse has returned to Abidjan to a hero's welcome, but the taekwondo champion says he still needs help to fulfil his dreams.
Commuters are facing further disruption to Southern rail services after a second strike.
The bodies of six people have been found after a series of explosions at a gas plant in the Portuguese town of Moncada, the interior minister has said.
In a park in Uruguay's capital Montevideo, 16-year-old Cristian is growing cannabis plants.
A hat worn by Princess Beatrice has sold at auction for £1,200 - more than double its estimate.
Up to 30 platforms in the North Sea have been shut down after an oil leak at a platform in Shetland.
Three British men accused of spying near an airport in the United Arab Emirates are to appear in court.
Norwegian international Bjorn Johnsen has left Hearts to join Dutch side FC Den Haag.
Two young people have joined a new order of Benedictine monks in Monmouthshire.
Manchester United's record against the other teams in the top five of the Premier League this season has been poor, and they need to improve on that if they are to challenge for the title next season.
The last time the government carried out a strategic defence review in 2010, the armed forces were fighting two wars.
Wales men's hockey team were relegated to the EuroHockey B Division after losing to Scotland in the final of the European Championships.
A 46-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in Newport has been named by police as a father-of-three.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised the form of winger Tom Woodburn after he scored a try in the Chiefs' European Champions Cup win over Stade Francais.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face former club Barcelona in the Champions League group stage.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked people for accepting his surprise move to withdraw high-value currency notes.
Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA and Reuters
England's Chris Paisley and Thorbjorn Olesen share the lead on seven under par after the second round of the DP World Tour Championship in Dubai.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the Labour leadership contest.
Anti-litter wardens in Kent have been suspended after a BBC Panorama investigation found they were handing out the wrong fines.
(Close): The pound hit a record high against the dollar after a closely-watched survey showed the UK's services sector rebounded in August.
Violence has continued to spread across London after a third night of rioting in Tottenham, north London.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has increased by 5% in the past decade, figures show.
England start their Euro 2016 campaign against Russia in Marseille on Friday and, if we win our group, we will be in the last 16 of a major tournament for the first time since the 1990 World Cup.
Former undercover police officers who want to be named in the public inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales can apply for anonymity, a preliminary ruling has said.
Amateur club Keighley Cougars have complained to the Rugby Football League after a player was bitten during a Challenge Cup match against Fryston Warriors.
US child star Shirley Temple has died at the age of 85.
League One side AFC Wimbledon have signed Millwall defender Saido Abdou on a two-year deal.
A Portuguese footballer has been banned for six years for attacking a referee during a match in Porto.
The Albert Hall in London's Royal Albert Hall is Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber's "most preferred concert hall" for the British Proms.
The woman whose body was found in a wheelie bin days after the body of a man was found in a block of flats has been named as Claire Winning.
Victims of child sexual abuse in Rotherham may have been left "unprotected or at risk of further offending" after a police force failed to properly record offences, a report has found.
Southend United manager Phil Brown has appealed against his side's 2-1 defeat by Gillingham in the League One derby at Roots Hall.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school in the Scottish Borders to highlight efforts to close the attainment gap.
At least 102 Hindu pilgrims have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Cameroon international defender Benoit Assou-Ekotto has signed for French Ligue 1 side St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has reshuffled his cabinet in his first major decision since taking office.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has offered to pay back some of the $23m (£14m) spent on upgrades to his private home.
The body of a man who died in the collapse of Didcot Power Station has been formally identified.
A Swansea chemistry teacher who sent "creepy" messages to two female students has been banned from the profession.
A female osprey at the Loch of the Lowes nature reserve has laid an egg.
A house in Cookstown, County Tyrone, has been damaged in a suspected arson attack.
A care home in Cornwall has been placed in special measures by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
During his presidential campaign, Donald Trump promised to deliver on many of his campaign promises.
Police investigating the murder of a businessman shot dead at his home in Dorset are searching a river.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in north London.
London Welsh have confirmed they have agreed a takeover by a US-based group after avoiding liquidation for a second time.
A former head of care at a school for children with special educational needs has been charged with child sex offences.
Head teachers are to be offered seminars to help them deal with the threat of radicalisation in schools.
Theresa May has said North Korea's missile test is "outrageous" and "provocative".
Scottish actress Karen Gillan is starring as a villain in the new Marvel superhero movie, Guardians of the Galaxy, which opens in cinemas on Friday.
Manchester United are expected to make their first signing of the summer transfer window on 1 July.
A medieval railway bridge has been uncovered more than a century after it was built.
The UK has recorded a temperature of 36.7C (98F) in London - the highest ever recorded in the country.
The co-pilot of the Germanwings flight 4U 9525, Andreas Lubitz, who deliberately crashed the plane into the French Alps, killing himself and 149 others on board, appears to have killed himself.
Rob Andrew's late try gave Ulster victory over 14-man Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade.
A pointer to the asteroid that smashed into the Chicxulub Basin and wiped out the dinosaurs has been found.
Wales gets a rotten deal from the European Union, UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said.
Teenager Aneurin Donald and Aneurin Lloyd scored maiden first-class centuries in Glamorgan's rain-affected friendly against Loughborough.
Police investigating the death of a man who was found in a London subway have appealed for two witnesses to come forward.
It's not every day you get to meet a family who all play the same musical instrument.
Pop star Tove Anna has a new single, Say My Name, on the way, but she's already lost a lot of time in the studio.
A "failing" school in Oxfordshire could close after a damning inspection.
The UK's three intelligence agencies are using social media to recruit more women.
A piece of coal from the UK's last deep coal mine has been presented to the Mayor of Doncaster.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Reading defender Josh Jules on a two-year deal.
The European Commission has blocked the takeover of O2 by Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of the Three mobile phone network.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Yousra Elbagir of the National Women's Network (NWN) in Khartoum reflects on the rise of spoken-word poetry in Sudan.
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with a 2-0 win over Peterborough at Boundary Park.
Brazil's former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been accused of corruption and obstruction of justice.
The Aurora Borealis - better known as the Northern Lights - is a result of charged particles hitting the Earth's magnetic field.
Exeter Chiefs have signed England second-row Geoff Parling from Leicester Tigers and Bath winger Olly Woodburn.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended lower, with mining shares dragging the index down.
A lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has sold for $75,000 (£50,000) on auction website CharityBuzz.
Adama Traore has been recalled to the Guinea squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Guinea-Bissau.
Zambia and Cape Verde played out a goalless draw in a rain-affected Group D match at the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Volunteers are being sought to help run an Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire.
Frontline staff at railway stations could be trained to help stop people jumping to their deaths, the government has suggested.
Susie Wolff will become a test driver for the Williams team next year.
Boreham Wood have re-signed striker Lucas Piazon on loan from Bristol Rovers until the end of the season.
Prince William and Prince Harry have visited a memorial garden to their mother Diana, Princess of Wales.
The van that killed 13 people and injured more than 120 in the historic Las Ramblas district of Barcelona was driven at high speed through a tourist area.
Delays to roadworks on a roundabout on the A55 in Wrexham have been criticised by politicians.
Phil Taylor beat Kim Huybrechts to set up a PDC World Darts Championship quarter-final against Raymond van Barneveld.
Tens of thousands of people in the UK are being offered the chance to have their DNA sequenced for the first time.
Wales international Tom Crofts says his loan move to Gillingham was a "tough" decision.
James Taylor and Ben Stokes hit centuries as England reached 332-7 on the first day of their tour match against Zimbabwe in Potchefstroom.
The wreckage of an RAF helicopter which made an emergency landing on a north Wales peak has been recovered.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has told MSPs the Scottish government's funding deal for local authorities was not "over the top".
All images  United Auctions.
The launch of the space shuttle Atlantis from Florida's Kennedy Space Center on Monday morning was watched by thousands of people on the ground.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan in connection with the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician in the UK, officials say.
Relatives of British soldiers who died in World War One have been prevented from visiting a memorial in France.
The UK's London mayor Boris Johnson's pledge to campaign for the UK to leave the EU has been widely welcomed in European media, with commentators hailing his "decisive" role in David Cameron's campaign.
Ulster secured a bonus-point win over Treviso in the Pro12 at Kingspan Stadium.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of all 380 Premier League games this season against a variety of guests.
A home-educated "oddball" jobseeker has said she is "shocked and disgusted" after a firm described her as "a biscuit short" or a "left-wing tree hugger".
Actor Jim Broadbent has won rave reviews for his return to the London stage in a new production of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol at the Old Vic.
Period tracking apps can help women keep track of when they are having their period, but are they safe and effective?
The sisters of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius have spoken of their "heartache" ahead of his sentencing for killing his girlfriend.
Salford Red Devils have confirmed half-back Rangi Chase, Kyle Hansen, Chris Paterson and Mason Fages have been released.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says his side's best route to Champions League qualification is through the Europa League.
Dame Judi Dench has pledged her support to Surrey Wildlife Trust.
A new design of a portrait of the Queen has been unveiled on a new £5 coin.
David Cameron's cuts to out-of-hours GP services in England have left patients waiting for appointments, Labour has said.
Patrick Reed says he wants "sweet revenge" at the Ryder Cup after winning the PGA Championship to claim the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup title.
Police were justified in shooting at a group of cash machine raiders outside a McDonald's in Carnoustie, a report has found.
The number of motorcyclists killed and injured on London's roads has more than doubled in the last five years, Transport for London (TfL) figures show.
Northern Ireland defender Paddy McNair will make the draw for the Milk Cup competition in the United States.
A hospital's A&E unit has been rated inadequate after inspectors found staff were under "considerable pressure".
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has signed for Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
The man accused of a deadly shooting at a Florida airport has appeared in court.
A man accused of plotting to rape a six-month-old baby has told a jury at the Old Bailey he had no intention of doing so.
The world's largest Marine Protected Area (MPA) has been agreed in Antarctica.
A record number of people have attended Leicester's street party to celebrate the switch on of the city's street lights.
US author Jackie Collins has died of breast cancer at the age of 77, her family has said in a statement.
A Japanese pensioner accused of murdering her husband and three other men with cyanide has told a court she is innocent, local media report.
A fish that escaped from a flood-hit aquarium has been found in a petrol station car wash.
Former West Indies head coach Phil Simmons has resigned as a member of the West Indies selection panel.
A drug dealer who went on the run after posting pictures of himself on social media has been recaptured after two years on the run.
Steve Backshall and Ola Jordan have spoken to Newsbeat about claims of bullying on Strictly Come Dancing.
A new comedy about mental health is to be shot in Powys.
Yeovil Town manager Paul Sturrock says his side's injury crisis is "scary".
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said the cause of a fireball that destroyed a rocket at Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station is still under investigation.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling 20ft (6m) down a cliff on the Dorset coast.
The Metropolitan Police has been ordered to pay £20,000 in damages to two Muslim teenagers who were falsely arrested.
South Africa has granted Zimbabwe's First Lady Grace Mugabe diplomatic immunity after she failed to appear in court to face an assault case.
A group of Russian dancers have been sentenced to 30 days in jail for twerking at a World War Two memorial in the Siberian city of Yakutsk.
Ipswich Town have signed defender Ben Webster from Portsmouth for a club-record fee of £8.5m and brought in Southampton midfielder Harry Clarke for an undisclosed fee.
Premier League football clubs are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to business consultancy Deloitte.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald says top coaches are coming to Scotland to do their coaching badges.
Welsh pole vaulter Sally Peake will attempt to qualify for the 2016 Olympics at the Welsh Championships in Cardiff on Saturday.
The question of who was behind the attack on the Army Public School in Peshawar that killed 141 people, including 132 children, on Tuesday remains unanswered.
Insurer Old Mutual has announced plans to split itself into four separate businesses.
Preston North End have signed former Morecambe midfielder Tom Barkhuizen on a pre-contract deal.
China has issued its second wave of "red alerts" - the highest level of pollution warning - in 10 cities across the country.
Saudi Arabia's "morality police" - a force that enforces the kingdom's strict interpretation of Islamic law in public - has been in the news in recent days, after a young woman was arrested for wearing a headscarf in public.
Wakefield reached the Challenge Cup semi-finals with a convincing win at Huddersfield Giants.
A car has been parked on top of another in a car park in Aberdeen city centre.
The Theory of Everything has been named best film of the year at the Empire Awards.
As a pioneer in the field of unconventional oil and gas extraction, Tal Barak knows a thing or two about success.
A busy Asda in Greater Manchester is to introduce a quiet hour for customers with autism.
When war broke out in Lebanon in the summer of 2005, British diplomat David Barrett and his family were forced to leave their home in the south of the country.
An artificial intelligence system developed by Google has mastered the art of playing video games.
Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia has completed his £52m takeover of Aston Villa.
Brazil's intelligence agency was warned of a possible jihadist attack during the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, the French ambassador to Brazil has said.
Danny Swanson has signed for Hibernian from St Johnstone.
The EU is facing its biggest migration crisis since the Balkan wars of the 1990s, with hundreds of thousands of migrants arriving in Europe.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has unveiled a new petrol engine that it says will help it compete with electric vehicles.
A football fan has been found guilty of throwing a punch at Crystal Palace's bald eagle mascot during a match at Selhurst Park.
Guatemala's former military leader Efrain Rios Montt has been declared mentally incompetent to stand trial.
Pokemon Go fans have been warned to stay away from a hospital's accident and emergency department to play the augmented reality game.
Newcastle Falcons have re-signed England fly-half Toby Flood from Toulouse.
Nadia is one of the rising stars of London's hip-hop scene.
Millwall came from two goals down to beat 10-man Bury at Gigg Lane.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth with three astronauts on board after a historic mission to dock with a space laboratory.
The chairman of a group which helped save Cardigan Castle has resigned from his role following "virtual persecution".
A German police officer has been killed in a shootout with a far-right gunman on Wednesday.
England head coach Eddie Jones has defended running at Ireland's Johnny Sexton in the Six Nations.
Publisher Johnston Press has reported a rise in annual pre-tax profits, but warned of a "challenging" year ahead.
A Birmingham free school opened by Prime Minister David Cameron has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
A campaign to fund lawyers to pursue legal action against former Prime Minister Tony Blair and others over the Iraq War has reached its target of £100,000.
China's world number one Ma Long beat compatriot Zhang Jike 4-1 to win Olympic gold in the men's singles table tennis.
An Australian woman who was severely burned in a bushfire has completed the Ironman World Championships.
Bertelsmann is one of the world's biggest manufacturers of medical equipment, including ventilators and insulin pumps.
One of the instruments on the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is ready to go into orbit.
Western Sahara has welcomed Morocco's readmission to the African Union (AU), saying it will now be expected to hold a referendum on the disputed territory.
Actor Johnny Depp's wife Amber Heard has filed for divorce from the Pirates of the Caribbean star, citing "irreconcilable differences".
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani looks at the state of Nigeria's football.
Police in Dumfries and Galloway have said this year's Guid Nychburris festival passed without any major incidents.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will reveal the results of a public consultation on independence on Wednesday.
The mother of a seven-year-old girl has urged people to give blood to help save the lives of others.
Actress Jenny Mackichan has called for a "sea change" in the portrayal of violence against women on TV.
A shopping centre in east London has been sold for £27m.
Angola has dropped plans to introduce a controversial new law that would have made it a crime to criticise the government on the internet.
Lying at the crossroads of Central Europe and the Balkans, Hungary is one of the most densely-populated countries in the region.
A woman's hair was set on fire in a McDonald's restaurant.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign into law a controversial bill that would punish gay people with life imprisonment.
Selma director Ava DuVernay has praised the makers of the forthcoming movie Gods of Egypt for their "honest" apology for the film's lack of diversity.
Wales are into the quarter-finals of the European Championship for the first time since 1958 after beating Northern Ireland 2-0 in Lille on Monday.
A second teenager has been charged over an attack on a pregnant woman in south London.
Oscar-winning actress Dame Dame Helen Mirren has joined the cast of Disney's live action remake of Beauty and the Beast.
Warrenpoint Town return to Premiership action on Monday night when they host Dungannon Swifts at Mourneview Park.
Broadband penetration in Wales is too low, a leading technology figure has said.
The family of a mother-of-three who was found stabbed to death in her home in Italy three years ago have called for a murder investigation to be reopened.
The UK's industrial output fell in February, official figures have shown, while the trade deficit widened.
Many young people in Northern Ireland say they feel their voices are being ignored by the politicians at Stormont.
Huddersfield Town have signed Swansea City midfielder Jack Grimes on loan until the end of the season.
A man has been charged with using drones to drop drugs and mobile phones into a prison.
Gusts of up to 70mph could hit parts of Wales on Tuesday, the Met Office has warned.
Booker Prize-nominated author Arundhati Ghosh has been giving a tour of the official residence of India's President Pranab Mukherjee on Twitter.
A report into the collapse of a river bridge during severe flooding in 2015 has said the risk of a repeat event remains.
Ipswich Town have signed Bristol Rovers striker Jordan Moore for an undisclosed fee and defender Matt Spence on a free transfer.
Worcestershire's batsmen dominated day two against Glamorgan at St Helen's.
Iceland stunned the Netherlands with a 2-0 win in their Euro 2016 qualifier.
The remains of two of the Disappeared victims, Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright, have been formally identified.
Swimmer Rebecca Adlington has officially opened a £3m sports and leisure centre in Derbyshire.
Stoke-on-Trent City Council has agreed a deal to sell the former home of the city's football club to St Modwen Homes for £100m.
US department store chains including Macy's, Kohl's and Nordstrom have reported falling sales as shoppers shift to online shopping.
The UK's National Air Traffic Service (Nats) has successfully tracked aircraft using a TV signal instead of radar.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has opened 84 investigations into child sexual abuse cases in England and Wales.
Charlton Athletic have signed Marseille striker Yann Kermorgant on loan until the end of the season.
Scientists have discovered a gene defect which may be linked to male infertility.
Northern Ireland Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has withdrawn from a trade mission to China.
Bats are ruining an 11th Century church in North Yorkshire.
The French government has called for a far-right group to be dissolved after the killing of a left-wing activist.
Tony Bellew says he would not fight Britain's Anthony Joshua in a world heavyweight title fight.
Maesteg Harlequins prop Ryan Watkins has become the second Welsh rugby player to be banned by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD).
World number one Angelique Kerber beat American qualifier Irina Falconi in straight sets to reach the second round of Wimbledon.
Changes to stamp duty on buy-to-let landlords are set to push more people into the rental market, surveyors have warned.
West Ham eased into the EFL Cup third round at Cheltenham Town's expense.
Greenock Morton manager Jim Duffy says his side will go to Ibrox with "more heart" in Sunday's Scottish Cup tie against Rangers.
Two men have been charged with rape after a woman was attacked in Sunderland.
Plans to pump water from a disused quarry in Snowdonia to generate electricity have been approved by councillors.
Match report to follow.
It's 30 years ago today that Wales stunned the world by beating Italy 2-0 in a friendly at Wrexham.
cosmologist Stephen Hawking is among a panel of experts who will help decide the winners of a new space challenge on YouTube.
Police are investigating after a car was deliberately set on fire in East Lothian.
Councils should be legally obliged to provide public toilets across Wales, a disabled man has said.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to go on strike on 5 January after rejecting a new pay offer, the Unite union has said.
The DNA of the suicide bomber who carried out last week's deadly attack in the Turkish capital Ankara matches that of the bomber's father, Turkish officials say.
Plans to build a hydro power station at Conwy Falls in Snowdonia have been rejected by Natural Resources Wales.
An elderly man is to stand trial accused of causing the death of a teenager by reversing over her at a petrol station.
The smoking ban has "destroyed" communities, a former UKIP parliamentary candidate has claimed.
A statue of comedian Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the Derbyshire village of Timperley.
Firefighters in England and Wales will stage a 24-hour strike on 5 February in a row over pensions.
Fierce clashes have erupted in the Libyan city of Benghazi between forces loyal to a rogue general and Islamist militias.
A musician accused of being part of a £144,000 insurance fraud ring has told a court he was injured in a car crash.
After my win over Andreas Seppi on Friday, I'm back on Centre Court to face Ivo Karlovic in the third round of Wimbledon.
A tiny piece of Shakespeare's Hamlet manuscript has been valued by experts on the BBC's Antiques Roadshow.
Airbus and the OneWeb consortium have begun assembling the satellites for the ambitious OneWeb space network.
A four-year-old girl who was missing from Pembrokeshire has been found safe and well, police have said.
South Africa's prosecution has failed to convince an appeal court to overturn athlete Oscar Pistorius' manslaughter conviction and find him guilty of murder.
A Japanese court has approved the restarting of the first nuclear power plant in the country since the Fukushima disaster.
The Aberdeen Comedy Festival has begun.
Former Crewe Alexandra footballer Dave Woodward has said he suffered "more than one abuser" of child sex abuse.
More than 20,000 people have signed a petition calling for revenge porn victims' names to be made public.
The head of India's censor board has resigned over a film starring a controversial religious guru.
Is it time to grow your hair out?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of the BBC film show Film 2016.
More than a third of rail passengers are paying too much for tickets bought from ticket machines, according to the rail regulator.
picket lines have been set up at Wrexham Glyndwr University in a dispute over pay.
The John Lewis ManOnTheMoon Christmas advert has been a huge hit on social media, but how did it get there?
Temporary power provider Aggreko has agreed to buy US-based heating, ventilation and air conditioning specialist Dryco Holdings.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has compared US President-elect Donald Trump to him, saying he has some "obvious similarities".
Five men have been cautioned for publishing the name of a woman who accused footballer Ched Evans of rape in 2011.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat National League leaders Dover.
The Rolling Stones are "definitely" planning a 50th anniversary world tour, guitarist Keith Richards has said.
British number one Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after her shock defeat by Aleksandra Krunic in the first round of the US Open.
Championship play-off hopefuls Barnsley and Preston North End played out a goalless draw at Oakwell.
A US basketball player has been arrested in South Korea for allegedly using a fake birth certificate to play in the country.
Working parents will be able to claim a new childcare benefit for their children, the government has said.
The host site for the National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion in 2018 is set to be announced.
Leigh Centurions head coach Paul Rowley has resigned from the Championship club.
The first 2,000 unemployed people in Finland have begun receiving a basic income as part of a two-year government experiment.
Mount Etna, one of the world's most active volcanoes, has erupted again.
Henry Pyrgos is relishing the chance to captain Scotland at the World Cup.
A BBC team has been embedded with Iraqi special forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Mosul.
US President Barack Obama has met Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte at a regional summit in Laos.
When Taylor Swift shared a photo of two of her fans on social media, she didn't realise it was actually one of her own fans.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average edged higher on Monday, helped by a rise in oil and gas shares.
When you watch a football match on TV, you want to see a summary of the most important moments of the game.
A third severed human foot has been found in Bristol.
Controversial plans for a hotel and apartments on a cliff edge have been approved.
A judge at Pakistan's Supreme Court has recused himself from hearing the appeal of a Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy against Islam.
Waiting times for mental health treatment in Wales are to be cut, the Welsh government has announced.
Former Australian rugby league star Karmichael Hunt has been charged with cocaine trafficking.
Former England all-rounder Jon Lewis is to tour the counties this summer to offer advice to young cricketers.
Ross County boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation with victory at Rugby Park.
Leinster moved up to second in the Pro12 with a hard-fought win over leaders Connacht at the RDS.
South Africa's Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has urged his team to fight back in the return leg of their African Champions League tie against Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) after losing 2-1 in the first leg.
A Cornish mine that featured in the hit TV series Poldark is to be restored.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused Texas Senator Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa caucuses.
Jazz Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after winning two Olympic silver medals in Rio.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed permanent England manager after four months in charge as interim boss.
When the dust settled on the 2015 general election, the political impressionists were left in shock.
An unpublished letter written by author CS Lewis has sold at auction in Gloucestershire for £1,800 to a woman from the US.
The first of Scottish airline Loganair's fleet of new planes has been refurbished as part of a £15m programme.
Police are searching for a four-year-old girl who left a hospital without medical treatment.
Volkswagen has delayed the release of its annual results and shareholders' meeting in the wake of the emissions scandal.
A dawn-to-dusk strike has crippled life in the Darjeeling hills in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal.
Norwich City midfielder Alex Tettey says his goal against Southampton on Saturday was inspired by Manchester City's Yaya Toure.
Great Britain's women beat New Zealand 4-3 at the Hockey World League Final.
The new secretary general of the Confederation of African Football (Caf), Mustapha El Amrani, has resigned a day after his predecessor, Issa Hayatou, was ousted as president of the body.
Police are searching for a man who has gone missing from a Swansea hospital.
Batsman Steve Smith has been named as Australia's Test captain following the retirement of Michael Clarke.
Steven Lawless has rejected a new contract with Partick Thistle.
A man who was found sleeping in his car while more than twice the drink-drive limit has been given an unpaid work order.
Championship side Hull City have signed Chelsea midfielder Kemar Roofe on a season-long loan deal.
Former home secretary David Blunkett has said Yorkshire should have its own "White Rose Parliament".
Wes York's second-half equaliser earned Gateshead a 1-1 draw at Gateshead.
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Robinson and Fulham defender Ben Pringle.
Glasgow City Council has said it will review the Orange Order's right to march after a song was allegedly sung during a parade in the city.
UK scientists have been given permission to carry out gene editing in human embryos, the fertility regulator has announced.
Australia chased down a world record target of 349 to beat India by 122 runs in the fourth one-day international in Canberra.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast.
Senior civil servants in the prime minister's office are under intense pressure to deliver on the promises made in the EU referendum campaign.
Cardinal Sean Brady should resign as head of the Catholic Church in Ireland, a former Irish priest Father Michael D'Arcy has said.
The families of two men who died in a crash have paid tribute to them.
A security alert in west Belfast has ended after a "suspicious" vehicle was found.
The number of people unemployed in the UK fell by 25,000 to 1.6 million in the three months to June, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported a fall in sales in the last three months of 2014 as it continues to be hit by slowing growth in emerging markets.
Islamic State (IS) militants have used mustard gas against Kurdish forces in northern Iraq, Kurdish officials say.
Police officers dragged a suspected stolen car driver out of a reservoir after a police chase.
People can now search for care homes in England on an NHS website.
A Silicon Valley firm has developed an algorithm that will be used to make investment decisions.
Pharmaceutical giant Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has been ordered to pay $10m (£7.7m) to the family of a woman who died after using its talcum powder.
Cannondale's Frenchman Pierre Rolland won stage seven of the Giro d'Italia.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's late equaliser earned Wycombe a 1-1 draw at Morecambe to keep their League Two play-off hopes alive.
An 86-year-old woman hit a would-be robber in the head with a bacon sandwich.
All-Ireland Club Hurling Final: Ruair g Cushendall v Na Piarsaigh
A mother and father have denied murdering their four-month-old daughter who was found unconscious on a bus.
The crew of a container ship seized by Iran on Tuesday are safe and in "good spirits", Danish shipper Maersk says.
Chelsea's Pedro has posted a picture of his face after being hit in the face by a ball during a pre-season friendly against Shanghai SIPG on Saturday.
Three people from Birmingham have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Labour has held the seat of Cardiff South and Penarth in a by-election.
Campaigners fighting plans for a 24-turbine wind farm in the Lincolnshire Wolds have staged a protest march ahead of a public inquiry.
The Paris climate agreement is set to be signed by world leaders in New York on Friday, but the document will not be signed by US President Barack Obama.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife who was found dead at a house in Bristol.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a double mastectomy has led to a spike in the number of women seeking genetic testing for breast cancer, say UK researchers.
The South Eastern Health and Social Care Trust has the highest waiting list in Northern Ireland for an urgent consultant-led appointment for heart surgery, according to new figures.
A man has been injured after a firework was dropped through the doorway of a shop in north Belfast.
Sitting on the beach in Benavista, on the Costa del Sol, in the shade of a palm tree, Sue Stevenson explains why she and her husband Nigel moved from the UK to Spain three years ago.
Thousands of bottles of laundry detergent have washed up on beaches in Cornwall.
Women's Super League One club Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed England striker Kelly Heatherson for the 2017 Women's Super League One season.
A County Antrim man has been charged with a racially aggravated public order offence after allegedly singing racist songs at a football match in London.
A council leader has been asked to resign over claims he misled councillors about his links to a company which won council contracts.
Shares in oil and gas explorer Premier Oil have soared after the company said a deal to buy German utility E.On's UK assets had been completed.
Derry City secured a top-four finish in the Premier Division as they came from behind to beat Bohemians 2-1 at Maginn Park.
A Detroit-area woman who shot at thieves has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough cruised to victory at Bristol Rovers in League One.
A coach firm in Pembrokeshire has been put up for sale.
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Angel Etxabeguren on a one-year deal.
New Year celebrations in the Chinese capital, Beijing, have been cancelled because of choking smog.
Jose Fernandez, the Miami Marlins baseball pitcher who has died in a boat crash at the age of 24, was a rags to riches story.
Tribesmen have clashed with Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah.
A near-miss involving an Air Canada flight at San Francisco's airport has been described as a "very rare" incident.
Three brothers who groomed and sexually abused girls in Rotherham were "a pack of animals", a court has heard.
The House of Lords European Union Committee has warned that the UK's fishing industry could face "trade-offs" after it leaves the EU.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to help his campaign to keep the UK in the EU, BBC Newsnight has learned.
"Run, hide, tell" - the government's advice to people caught up in the Westminster attack.
Arsenal have signed teenage midfielder Krystian Bielik from Legia Warsaw for an undisclosed fee.
Rescue workers in Colombia say the death toll from a landslide in the north of the country has risen to at least 40.
A man has been arrested in east London over the London Bridge attack a week ago.
The Spanish Football Federation president, Angel Maria Villar, has resigned from his position as vice-president of European governing body Uefa.
A ban on the use of wild animals in circuses in Scotland could lead to the closure of zoos, circus owners have warned.
A man who stabbed a nurse to death at a mental health unit has been detained indefinitely.
German police have arrested two suspected jihadist fighters in the west of the country, including a man wanted in Syria for war crimes.
Ross Wallace's stunning goal helped Sheffield Wednesday beat 10-man Huddersfield to boost their Championship play-off hopes.
A French TV channel has claimed that a fuel additive was used in the manufacture of a breast implant linked to ruptures and cancer.
Labour is the only party that can deliver for Wales, the shadow Welsh secretary has told the party conference in Liverpool.
Portugal's victory in the Eurovision Song Contest in Ukraine has been hailed as a triumph for the country's national identity - and a boost for the economy.
Four councillors were spotted falling asleep during a council meeting.
Italy's Edoardo Molinari beat Ireland's Paul Dunne in a play-off at the Made in Denmark event.
A record number of birds of prey have been spotted on the Isle of Tiree in the Western Isles.
China's state media have warned of "disastrous" consequences for relations with the US.
The hunt for a big cat on the loose near the French capital has been scaled back after experts said the animal is most likely a domestic cat.
Four people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into people who use malicious software to spy on others.
An independent chair of Fifa's reform taskforce will not lead it, says the man in charge of the post.
Jonathan Solomons has become the first author to win the Waterstones Children's Book Prize for his debut comic book about a superhero brother.
Plans to downgrade services at Eastbourne District General Hospital will have "massive implications" for vulnerable children, a nurse has said.
Guinea has been declared free of the Ebola virus, the first West African country to be declared free of the disease.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for US presidential hopeful Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
A 17th Century masterpiece of Jesus Christ by Sir Thomas Gainsborough has been saved after a campaign to raise £1m.
Former Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 83.
A man pushed a tanker driver out of the way before a light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire.
Leeds United manager Stuart McCall says he was "distraught" after Millwall fans ran on to the pitch to celebrate their League One play-off final win.
The next stage of the Scotland Bill in the House of Lords has been delayed to allow more time for negotiations on the fiscal framework.
A Palestinian high court has postponed parliamentary elections due on Monday in the West Bank and Gaza.
Nigeria's former national security adviser, Sam Dasuki, has been arrested over a $5.2bn (£3.4bn) arms deal.
Georgia head coach Milton Haig says his country's bid for a place in the expanded Six Nations should be considered.
The family of a 70-year-old woman who died after being hit by a car in Kinross have paid tribute to a "much-loved" woman.
Nigeria's Hausa film industry has banned an actress after she held hands with a pop star.
House prices in England have risen faster than house prices in any other part of the UK, official figures show.
Former Israeli president and prime minister Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93.
A community project to mark the life of a Scottish poet is to be launched.
Souleymane Toure and his friends in Timbuktu are enjoying a rare moment of freedom.
A Dyfed-Powys Police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Gwynedd.
A girl has been bitten by a police dog in a London prison.
In the middle of the world's driest desert, in the high hills of Antofagasta in northern Chile, there is a small community which has been using fog catchers to capture the tiny droplets of water in the fog.
Police Scotland has admitted it does not know how many cases of child sexual exploitation are recorded in its records.
A man who amassed a collection of Marilyn Monroe's clothes, guns and even a pair of Queen Victoria's knickers has died.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" in the Muslim community, a former senior Met Police officer has said.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams missed out on a place at the Rio Olympics after failing to qualify for the European Championships.
Shares of Japanese car giant Toyota closed down 4.5% on Friday.
As the UN-backed government in Libya begins to take its first steps, the UK's role in the country's future is being re-evaluated.
Actor George Clooney's plan to install CCTV cameras at his Oxfordshire home has been opposed by a parish council.
The BBC's election team is bringing you #iNeverKnew - a new way of covering the general election on 8 June.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said an exit from the European Union (EU) is "probably doable".
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a two-year contract to lead the Super Eagles to the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
England suffered a six-wicket defeat by South Africa in the second Twenty20 international to lose the series 2-0.
French Ligue 1 side Lille's Mali midfielder Amine Bissouma has signed a new contract with the club until June 2021.
Tens of thousands of people have gathered in Leicester to celebrate the festival of Diwali a week after the city's illuminations were switched on.
The South Africa's anti-doping laboratory has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
A lifeboat station has been left without a crew after the RNLI asked a volunteer to stand down.
Virat Kohli of India will lead his team into Sunday's Champions Trophy final against Pakistan in Mumbai, knowing full well that his team will be facing a formidable challenge.
A vicar will face no further action over allegations of sexual activity with a teenage girl.
Talks aimed at averting further strike action by offshore workers in a dispute over pay and conditions at Wood Group have ended.
Division Two leaders Essex struggled on day one against Derbyshire at Chelmsford.
A man has admitted strapping a fake bomb to a taxi driver to rob a bank.
The head of Jeremy Corbyn's inquiry into anti-Semitism in the Labour Party has been appointed to the House of Lords.
The first time I met the man who claims to be the creator of the digital currency Bitcoin was in a small meeting room in London.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in Stockport.
A consultation on the future of maternity services in north Wales has been launched.
North Korea was behind the WannaCry ransomware attack that hit 150 countries in May, the BBC has learned.
Powys council is to take on the work of the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) estate agents.
In the end, the most successful British couple in the history of the Olympic Games left Rio on Tuesday night, having won more medals than any other team in the history of the Games.
The rights group Human Rights Watch (HRW) says it has confirmed the authenticity of photos smuggled out of Syria showing the bodies of at least 13,000 people who died in government detention.
A Sinn Féin MP has called on the UK government's Northern Ireland secretary to explain why he "snubbed" the Irish national anthem at the McKenna Cup final.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) is investigating after a club official appeared to strike the head of Burkina Faso's Ousmane Otogo-Castane.
As the US election campaign enters its final days, the BBC's Paul Adams looks at the importance of early voting.
Journalist and author Gaia Suljic has won the prestigious Winton Prize for her book about the impact of human activity on the Earth.
Tens of thousands of anti-government demonstrators in the Thai capital, Bangkok, are continuing their protests ahead of 2 February elections.
A man has been charged after an 80-year-old woman was run over by her own car.
Edinburgh and Glasgow airports have urged the UK government to devolve control over Air Passenger Duty (APD) to Scotland.
Robin McBryde will lead Wales on their 2017 summer tour.
Satellite images of an ancient monastery in Iraq say it has been destroyed by so-called Islamic State (IS).
Military service in the last 50 years does not increase the risk of suicide, a new study has suggested.
More than a million older and disabled people in England are not getting the care they need, a report says.
England bowler James Anderson has hit back at Geoffrey Boycott's criticism of one-day captain Eoin Morgan at the World Cup.
It was the childhood home of Peter Pan author JM Barrie and has been a target for vandals and vandals over the years.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cyhoeddwyr yn dweud bod nifer yr ymwelwyr i llywodraeth ar gyfer 2017 yn cynnig rhywbeth newydd i ymwelwyr wneud yn
The Liberal Democrats, UKIP and the Green Party have accused the NHS of "creeping privatisation".
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) and five other companies have been fined a total of £57m for fixing the price of a drug.
The founder of Italian football giants AC Milan is to be honoured in Nottingham with a plaque and a bus named after him.
A new case of bird flu has been confirmed at a poultry farm in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said.
Two road workers have been injured after being hit by a van in Devon.
A US Secret Service contractor carrying a gun in a lift with President Barack Obama has been sacked, US media report.
Mae Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Genedlaethol Ynys Mn a'r gwasanaethau brys yn cael ei gwneud ar gynllun rheoli trafnidiaethau'r gwasanaeth
Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has met Shwe Mann, the former chairman of the ruling party.
Anti-hunting campaigners have called for the law to be strengthened after a hunt where a fox was allegedly killed by dogs will not be prosecuted.
US House Speaker John Boehner's decision to announce he is stepping down after more than 25 years in the job has been met with an outpouring of emotion on social media.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Silicon Valley is the first by an Indian prime minister in more than a decade.
Sports Direct chairman Keith Hellawell has said the retailer's reputation has been damaged by an "extreme political, union and media campaign".
Two Canadians have been arrested in Beijing on suspicion of drug trafficking, Canadian media report.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has said Libya's UN-backed unity government will be given weapons to fight so-called Islamic State (IS).
The former treasurer of Spain's governing Popular Party (PP) has been questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's two-day visit to Bangladesh has ended without any major agreements being signed.
A police officer who thought a paedophile was dead when he typed his abuser's name into an internet search engine has come forward after seeing his abuser jailed.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Four tourists who posed naked on a sacred mountain in Malaysia's Sabah state are to be deported.
Bridesmaids has failed to topple Finding Dory from the top of the UK box office.
The use of Caesarean sections in the UK is higher than in other European countries, a study suggests.
A council chief executive has been suspended amid allegations of gross misconduct.
London and Manchester have been chosen to host the World Taekwondo Championships in 2019.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has signed a new five-year contract with the Spanish club.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru, Arwel Jones, wedi dweud bod y cyngor yn y blynyddoedd diwethaf yn y Gymraeg yn Aberhonddu, yn l l y cyngor 
Former world champion Mark Williams will begin his bid to secure a place at the World Championship in the qualifying rounds on Tuesday.
Eight people have been charged after a protest on a runway at Heathrow Airport.
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has resigned after just 10 days in the job, after a profanity-filled rant against the chief of staff and senior adviser.
Charlton Athletic have released striker Ghoochannejhad Ghoochannejhad and defender Thiago Motta.
A "manipulative" Gloucestershire Police officer has been jailed for having sex with women he met while on duty.
Fleetwood Mac will headline the Isle of Wight Festival in June 2015.
Fugitive US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has not received travel documents to leave a Moscow airport, his lawyer has said.
Norwich City assistant manager Richard Money says he wants to return to management.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said his country will not "interfere" with Israel's military operations in Syria.
Divers are searching a river in Surrey for a kayaker who went missing after his boat capsized.
A campaign has been launched to restore a fountain in memory of the Czech and Slovak soldiers who took part in a daring World War Two raid.
The charity behind Hull's year as UK City of Culture in 2017 has said it has raised more than £31m.
South Yorkshire Police Chief Constable David Crompton has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests verdict.
Austria has said it will cap the number of asylum-seekers it takes in and will step up controls on its border with Serbia.
Investigators probing the MH17 air disaster over eastern Ukraine in 2014 say they have found parts of a missile system in rebel-held territory.
A former youth worker who was jailed for sexually abusing a boy was refused permission to become a foster carer, a report has revealed.
A six year old girl with a rare form of leukaemia has been told she is in remission after pioneering treatment.
Fossils of the first pine trees have been discovered in Canada.
The leader of West Yorkshire County Council has accused opponents of plans to recharge a stretch of beach with groynes of "scaremongering".
Chelsea are back at the top of the Premier League with Antonio Conte's side back on top of the table.
Great Britain's Olympic champion Jack Burnell won the 100m butterfly at the Dubai Grand Prix.
Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness and the DUP's Arlene Foster have been sworn in as first and deputy first ministers at the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Hartlepool United have signed Sunderland midfielder Jordan Nelson and Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Rooney on loan.
Leicester City and Aston Villa have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players in Saturday's Premier League match at Villa Park.
Three women have been arrested after a pupil was seriously injured in a swimming pool at a special school.
Richmond's Emma Croker will make her first start for England in the Women's Six Nations against Ireland on Saturday.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested over the murder of a man who was shot dead in west Belfast on Thursday night.
A wildlife charity has suggested an object seen in Loch Ness could be debris from a nearby wood.
The UK's economic growth slowed in the second quarter of the year, official figures have shown.
A County Durham road has been closed after a bridge collapsed.
Police in Mauritius have arrested the country's top goalkeeper, Leopold Leopard, on suspicion of drug dealing.
Lewis Hamilton recovered from a poor start to finish second as Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg dominated the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Artist Damien Hirst is to write a book about his life, inspired by Morrissey's BodyPositive.
Aberdeen chairman Stewart Milne has said the club's plan to build a new stadium remains on the agenda, despite delays.
Two dogs rescued after a woman died in a car crash in Gwynedd have a new home.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a seven-year-old girl died in a crash.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman died in a suspected hit-and-run.
Arsenal Ladies and Nigeria striker Asisat Oshoala has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A fitness centre in Wrexham which closed last year is to reopen.
Ennio Morricone has said he was "flattered" to work with director Quentin Tarantino.
James Dasaolu secured his place in the 100m at the Rio Olympics with a stunning victory in the British Championships final at London Stadium.
Australia has one of the highest proportions of children living in poverty in the world.
A pharmaceutical firm is to create up to 200 jobs at a former Sanofi factory in Newcastle.
New Leicester Lions Speedway co-promoter Steve Bates says he is already working on the team for the new Elite League season.
A teenager has died at a factory in Derbyshire.
A woman charged with murdering her four-month-old daughter is to remain in a mental health unit, a court has been told.
Police have renewed their appeal for information about the murder of a man a year ago as they said his family face a second Christmas without him.
Contractors who use racist language and use unauthorised head-down restraints on deportation flights should be sacked, MPs have said.
A South African scientist who has discovered the genetic basis of breast cancer has told the BBC she hopes her research will lead to new treatments for the disease.
Early treatment with HIV drugs dramatically reduces the risk of Aids, a major study has shown.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders player Jamie McAllister on a deal until the end of the season.
Farmers in England will be allowed to manage their own flood defences, the government has announced.
An English man has beaten the "Mortal Kombat" star to win Europe's Strongest Man title.
The number of people in the UK being conned out of money to buy holidays has risen, Action Fraud has said.
Private Muslim and Christian schools previously inspected by a rival watchdog have been found to be failing pupils, Ofsted has said.
Worcestershire Rapids have re-signed New Zealand all-rounder Mitchell Santner for the 2017 T20 Blast.
West Ham United Women's team have joined the club's board.
High drama school fees and a lack of diversity in the TV and film industries are to blame for a "diversity crisis" in the arts, a report has found.
Southampton reached the fourth round of the EFL Cup with victory over Crystal Palace at St Mary's.
Former Celtic manager David O'Leary has been awarded £1m by Fifa after being sacked by Al Ahli.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and former Sun editor Rebekah Brooks have appeared in court charged with phone hacking.
Twenty-six Italian athletes, including two Olympic medallists, have been provisionally suspended after failing drugs tests.
A man who hired two men to attack his ex-partner's home and set fire to her car has been jailed for eight years.
Mexican footballer Alan Pulido, who was kidnapped over the weekend, called an emergency number and beat his kidnapper while on the phone.
Leicester City's miserable start to their Premier League title defence continued with a defeat at Bournemouth.
Uefa president Michel Platini is appealing against his 90-day ban from football's world governing body Fifa over a £1.35m payment.
The UK's fourth largest airline, Monarch, has said it is in talks with the regulator about its financial situation, after rumours it was going bust.
Plans to create a new district in the Cotswolds could lead to the "end" of a police force.
A council which warned two years ago it was on the brink of "bankruptcy" has announced it will have to make more cuts.
Goldman Sachs is to stop conducting face-to-face interviews with students applying for jobs at the firm.
Liverpool continued their 100% start to the Premier League season by beating champions Leicester City.
Gloucester are back in the European Challenge Cup final after beating La Rochelle in France.
A couple in New Zealand have become the first in the world to be married in a "pirate-style" church ceremony.
Five Russian hackers have been charged by the US Department of Justice (DOJ) over a huge data breach at Yahoo.
The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) is calling for clubs to take a cut of the secondary ticket market after a BBC investigation found fans are being "ripped off".
The leaked emails of the chief executive of infidelity dating site Ashley Madison have been published online.
The working-age population of Northern Ireland is projected to rise by 5,400 people from mid-2014 to mid-2020.
Conor Thomas' stoppage-time winner earned Swindon a 1-0 victory over League One leaders Millwall at the County Ground.
The case of a man who has been missing for more than two months after receiving a letter saying he was dead is to be advertised on national television.
.
An artificial intelligence system trained to spot the signs of skin cancer has been "on par" with board-certified dermatologists, a study suggests.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not start the new season, manager Louis van Gaal has confirmed.
Former Premier League footballer Clarke Carlisle has been banned from driving for six months for drink-driving.
A flood-hit road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week.
A fox which was rescued in Ceredigion has been released back into the wild.
US comedian and talk show host Rosie O'Donnell has had a heart attack.
A VJ Day service has been held at the war memorial in Portsmouth.
The funeral of a boxer who died after being knocked out in a ring has been held.
Thousands of people in the Argentine town of Salgar have been mourning the victims of a landslide and flood that hit the town on Monday.
Venezuela and Cuba are two of the world's most Bolivarian countries, but their economies are in a state of crisis.
A light on the outside of the Palace of Westminster is to be turned off for the first time in its history.
Barcelona coach Luis Enrique says his side's performance was better than Real Madrid's in their La Liga derby draw at the Nou Camp.
A huntsman accused of illegally hunting a fox has told a trial he was "down in the dip" when the alleged incident took place.
A "charitable" conman who stole more than £100,000 from his employer has been ordered to pay back the money to his former colleagues.
The idea of a Russian ban on European wine and dairy products has been doing the rounds in Russia.
The family of a British man who has been imprisoned in India for more than two years have been told his case has been adjourned.
Nursing leaders have warned of a "crisis" in the number of nurses and midwives working in the NHS in Scotland.
A father accused of murdering his four-year-old son punched another child in the stomach, a court has heard.
A former Royal Navy diver who was involved in the search for the wreck of HMS Coventry in the South Atlantic has spoken of the "horrific" experience.
seabed rights have been granted for three marine demonstration zones off Wales.
Champion jump jockey AP McCoy ended his 20-year career with victory in the Champion Stayers' Hurdle at Plumpton.
Low-cost airline Jet2 has lost a legal bid to delay paying compensation to passengers who were delayed.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said accusations of US spying on Germany are "grave" and must be investigated.
Swansea City's Under-23s have won the Welsh Cup for a second successive season after beating Reading in the final.
An MP has warned a road close to Stonehenge could be "at risk" if it is built without adequate protection.
Labour leadership candidate Andy Burnham has said his campaign has ended with an "outside but realistic chance" of winning.
David Cameron and the chancellor have said the top rate of income tax will not be cut if the Conservatives win the election.
The plight of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar has become a major human rights crisis in South East Asia.
inheritance tax (IHT) is a tax on wealth passed on to the next generation.
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed to buy the stockbroking business of Brewin Dolphin.
The BBC World Service is to launch 11 new or expanded services in 11 new languages as part of a £300m plan to expand the service.
A man has been found guilty of faking bus and car crashes to make insurance claims for £159,000.
A 73-year-old man says he's lucky to be alive after being struck by lightning during his son-in-law's wedding.
Children who play with a smartphone or tablet in early childhood are less likely to sleep, a study of more than 700 parents suggests.
Cornish Pirates trio Tom Pope, Jack May and Laurence Moyle have signed new contracts with the club.
Two teenagers have died in a car crash in Cumbria.
Councils in Wales are to be made to broadcast their meetings on the internet as a "statutory requirement".
Australia international Kurtley Beale scored two tries as Wasps moved to the top of the Premiership with victory at Bath.
Newsround caught up with Nikki, who's one of the presenters on The One Show.
England footballer Carlton Snodgrass has failed to appear in court to face a charge of dangerous driving.
Somalia's militant Islamist group al-Shabab has released a video it says shows a man carrying a bomb on a flight to Djibouti last month.
In his first press conference since winning Sunday's presidential election, the candidate of the opposition Cambiemos party, Mauricio Macri, did not disappoint.
The mother of a man accused of stabbing a man to death in a road rage attack has told a court her son was "failed" by the NHS.
Community shares are to be sold to help fund the restoration of a fire-damaged pier in East Sussex.
Microsoft has said it acted legally when it searched a blogger's Hotmail account.
Network Rail told Economy Secretary Ken Skates it would take 28 years to improve the Welsh rail network.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash in County Londonderry.
A statue of the 19th Century British imperialist Cecil Rhodes at a top South African university has been boarded up.
Newport County chief executive Stuart Davies has criticised Newport County manager Graham Westley's criticism of the Rodney Parade pitch.
More than 66.6% of pupils in Wales achieved at least a C in their GCSEs, including English and maths.
Nottingham's East Midlands Airport is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
Fugitives wanted in the UK are being hunted in Spain.
Andy Murray's father-in-law and coach, Nigel Sears, has been fined £1,000 by the International Tennis Federation for his behaviour at the Australian Open.
Boat owners have been fined for damaging coral reefs on the Channel Islands.
The Ministry of Justice has said Wrexham's new super-prison will not be named after the town.
Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from League Two rivals Cambridge United.
A body has been found in the River Don in Cumbria.
A six-month-old baby boy has died after being bitten by the family dog in South Shields.
A man has been refused bail after he claimed his dog chewed off his electronic monitoring tag, a court has heard.
Sir Vince Cable has said the UK government's offer to help save Tata Steel's Port Talbot plant sends the "right message".
A man who uses a horse-drawn buggy to get to work has camped out in a McDonald's drive-thru.
Gary Neville's Valencia suffered a fifth successive La Liga defeat as Antonio Sanabria's first-half penalty earned Athletic Bilbao victory at the Mestalla.
A Brazilian rancher has been found guilty of ordering the murder of a US nun who protected the Amazon rainforest.
A low-carbohydrate, low-fat diet is more effective at burning fat than a low-fat diet, say US scientists.
A privately-run prison has faced "real difficulties" and "substantial safety concerns", inspectors have said.
Scotland's Laura Muir will attempt to defend her 3,000m and 5,000m indoor titles at the European Indoor Championships in March.
Labour and the Conservatives have clashed over the future of the NHS in Wales as the election campaign continues.
Some hospitals in Scotland are spending more per day on food and drink than the rest of the NHS.
Apple has reported flat sales of the iPhone in the three months to December, but warned that sales will fall in the next quarter.
Navinder Sarao, the UK financial trader accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash", has appeared in court in the US.
Great Britain will face defending champions Argentina at the Hopman Cup in Perth in September.
Three Sydney Airport workers have been sacked after Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was frisked by a security officer.
A man has been injured after a drum of hydrochloric acid exploded at an industrial estate in north Belfast.
A senior police officer who "repeatedly lied" about his qualifications and experience will not face disciplinary action.
Somerset have re-signed South African all-rounder Roelof van der Nerwe for the T20 Blast and One-Day Cup.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from their homes as a wildfire rages in northern California, officials say.
Edinburgh-based compressor manufacturer Vert Rotors has raised £3m to expand its operations.
Bank of Scotland's new plastic £5 note featuring the Forth Bridge is to enter into circulation later.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to move into the Championship's automatic promotion places after a goalless draw at Ipswich Town.
In the build-up to the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, sprinter Dutee Chand was a star of the show.
Cannabis with an estimated street value of 1m (£700,000) has been seized in the Republic of Ireland.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of "crazy" policies towards Israel.
Cardiff Airport should be renamed the John F Kennedy International Airport, a businessman has said.
Police have been given more time to question a man arrested over the murder of a woman found stabbed to death in a field on the New Forest.
The head of cycling's world governing body Brian Cookson says he accepts responsibility for British Cycling.
Ahead of the Holyrood election on 5 May, BBC Scotland will be hosting a live election debate on BBC Radio Scotland.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused the British media of "prejudices" and "attacks" on his country.
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is to rise by up to 40%.
Two World War One soldiers who died more than 100 years ago have been reburied in Belgium.
Mae meddygon yng Nghwm Cynon a Chastell-nedd yn l i feddygon ymweld  Denmarc er mwyn gweld yn y systemau diagnostig canser yn cael ei hawdd yn
Mae Prif Weinidog Cymru wedi dweud yn sefydliadau datganoledig yn San Steffan yn cael eu fframwaith parhaol ar gyfer gweithrediad marchnad y Deyrnas Unedig 
The Ministry of Defence is to sell land at 13 military sites in England for more than 12,000 new homes.
Wycombe Wanderers beat 10-man Dagenham & Redbridge in League Two.
Dawid Malan hit 66 on his Twenty20 international debut as England completed a 3-0 series win over South Africa with a 36-run victory in Cardiff.
An animal charity has warned of the dangers of exotic pets after a chameleon was found abandoned in a Cardiff park.
The organiser of the T in the Park music festival has unveiled a new layout for this year's campsite.
A British ship has arrived in the hunt for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane after a Chinese vessel detected two possible signals.
Playing video games can be addictive and can lead to depression, anxiety and panic attacks.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories from the past 24 hours.
A football club has paid tribute to a 25-year-old man who died in a crash.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson.
League One side Southend United have signed Birmingham City striker James Vaughan on loan.
An 80-year-old man has died after a two-car crash in Flintshire.
It is one of the most unlikely football stories of all time...
When India hosted the first World Cup in 1950, the country had a population of 1.2 billion, and football was a relatively obscure sport.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City's 2-1 win at Aston Villa was crucial to their Premier League survival hopes.
Three-time World Surf League (WSL) champion Mick Fanning has missed the final day of competition at the Pipeline Masters in Hawaii after his brother Peter died.
Netherlands' Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire.
Greece is one of the most famous countries in the world, but it's been in the news recently for all the wrong reasons.
A man has been arrested after a stand-off with armed police in south London.
Delegates from around the world are in Zurich this week for the annual meeting of world football's governing body Fifa.
Plans for the HS2 station at Euston should be abandoned, a Labour MP has said.
Plans have been submitted for a third student accommodation scheme in Belfast city centre.
The UK film industry spent a record amount on film production last year, according to the British Film Institute (BFI).
The opening weekend of the BBC Proms in London this summer will feature the work of thousands of primary school pupils.
Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake has become only the second Briton to run under 20 seconds in the 200m, breaking the British collegiate record.
Guinea were eliminated from the Fifa Under-20 World Cup after a 5-0 defeat by Argentina in South Korea.
Six teenagers have been jailed for a spate of road rage robberies.
Dundee Football Club's American owner says the club's Dens Park ground is "not good enough" and plans to build a "21st Century entertainment product" there.
Serena Williams beat sister Venus to win her 23rd Grand Slam title at the Australian Open.
EastEnders star Danny Dyer has been named best actor at the Radio Times Tric Awards.
Councillors in East Renfrewshire are to discuss some of the projects to be funded by the City Deal scheme later.
The Welsh Green Party has launched its manifesto for the local elections in May.
The new owners of a Cardiff car park say it has become "tired and tired".
Kyle Coetzer believes Scotland's one-day international series against Afghanistan this week is "hugely important" for the future of the national side.
The childhood home of Sir Paul McCartney has sold at auction in Liverpool for £220,000.
A World War One medal found in a field in Monmouthshire has been reunited with the soldier's family.
The mother of a man whose organs were kept in a police laboratory for 23 years has spoken of her "horrendous" ordeal.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann has spoken of the club's "devastation" after George Taft broke his leg in training.
Chinese shares led losses in Asia on Friday as a sell-off in mainland shares continued.
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its central contract offer to Scarlets centre Scott Williams.
A crane has been used to remove drugs from the roof of a prison.
The families of two motorcyclists who died in a crash in Dumfries and Galloway have paid tribute to a "legendary" couple.
Two former prison officers have found a "staggering" solution to the problem of ex-offenders finding work.
Forensic experts in the Mexican state of Morelos have begun exhuming the remains of more than 200 bodies found in a mass grave.
Some species face a "double jeopardy" of habitat loss and climate change, say scientists.
The planned M4 relief road would have a "significant impact" on protected land, the public inquiry into the project has heard.
The pound has fallen after the Bank of England's latest inflation report and interest rate decision.
The head of the Grenfell Tower fire inquiry has written to Theresa May setting out the scope of his work.
Germany's foreign intelligence service has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US.
The West End production of Matilda the Musical has been postponed for a second night after the lead actress's voice deteriorated.
Drivers in Scotland are being charged "inflated" private parking charges, according to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).
Labour has gained Cardiff North from the Conservatives.
The New Democracy party, which won the most votes in Greece's general election, has said it will stick to the terms of the country's international bailout.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec), the group of oil producing countries, has said it is ready to cut oil production to boost the price of crude oil.
Switzerland striker Admir Mehmedi says Argentina's Lionel Messi is a better player than Diego Maradona at the World Cup.
The prime minister David Cameron has been to the St Athan Show before.
A man who was reported to the procurator fiscal after a video of a man indecently assaulting a young girl was posted online will face no further action.
League One side Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Jack Jebb on loan until January and defender James McAllister on a short-term deal.
India has refused permission for a documentary about the beef industry to be shown at the prestigious Mumbai International Film Festival.
Israeli archaeologists say they have recreated the floor of the ancient Jewish Temple complex in the occupied West Bank.
Salmon has overtaken whisky as the UK's top-selling food and drink export to the EU in the year to March.
League Two Oxford United will host Scunthorpe in the third round of the Checkatrade Trophy.
A Londonderry woman has admitted stealing more than £12,000 from a cancer charity.
Young tenants are the group most likely to be victims of identity theft, a survey has found.
A 44-year-old man has been found dead in a flat in Aberdeen.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said it has charged 867 people with public order offences in the last six months.
A teenager has admitted hacking the parenting site Mumsnet.
The funeral of a mother, father and daughter who were stabbed to death in Oxfordshire is being held.
Voters in Wales go to the polls on 5 May to decide who will run their local councils.
Singer Phil Collins has donated his vast collection of artefacts from the Battle of the Alamo to the state of Texas.
Castleford Tigers secured their place in the Super League play-offs by beating Wakefield Trinity in the Super 8s Qualifiers.
Mixu Paatelainen believes Dundee United's relegation battle will go down to the final day of the season.
A pet iguana has been living up a tree in a Suffolk town for three months.
It's the biggest night in the music industry - the Brit Awards take place on Wednesday, 23 March at the O2 Arena in London.
The structure of Europe's most powerful space telescope has been moved to the UK for final assembly work.
The ride-sharing company Uber has apologised to a former employee after she accused one of its managers of sexual harassment.
David De Gea's proposed move from Manchester United to Real Madrid has fallen through, with the transfer window in Spain shut.
Is the US going to ban laptops and tablets in the cabin on some flights to the US from Europe?
Details of Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel's chancellery were found on a computer used by the suicide bombers who attacked Brussels airport and a metro station.
A watermelon farmer has died in a dispute with local law enforcers in central China, state media report.
Women's Champions League holders Arsenal Ladies have signed Netherlands striker Maren Middag from Ajax Amsterdam on a two-year deal.
Fenerbahce captain Robin van Persie says his eye was "undamaged" after he was hit in the face by a ball during a match on Saturday.
Danny Hylton's second-half header rescued a 1-1 draw for Luton against Exeter at Kenilworth Road.
US rapper Kendrick Lamar has surprised fans by releasing a new album, Untitled Unmastered, a week after releasing To Pimp A Butterfly.
Thousands of giant ice sculptures have been created in the city of Pyeongchang in South Korea for the Winter Olympics.
Senior managers at Manchester City Council are to receive pay rises of up to 10%.
Canadian MPs are debating a bill to change the lyrics of the country's national anthem to "in all thy sons command".
A former USA Gymnastics doctor has been ordered to stand trial on charges of sexually assaulting a child.
A blue plaque is being unveiled at the home of a suffragette who was wrongly convicted of plotting to kill the prime minister during World War I.
Five Britons were among five people who died when a whale-watching boat capsized off Canada's west coast.
New Zealand's Lydia Ko beat the record for the youngest winner of a women's major as she won the Evian Championship in France.
Tottenham midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has signed from Schalke for an undisclosed fee.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend to death in front of two children has been jailed for life.
Raith Rovers goalkeeper Kevin Cuthbert saved a late penalty as Dundee United were held to a goalless draw at Stark's Park.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of the year as restructuring costs mounted.
The owner of Argos has reported a slight improvement in sales at the struggling retailer.
In our series of letters from African journalists, filmmaker and columnist Ahmed Rashid considers the role of the army in the Arab Spring.
Back-up singer LaVerne Hill is one of a handful of musicians who have worked with the likes of Prince and Michael Jackson - and has just released her first solo album.
Hundreds of cyclists have taken part in a Gran Fondo and Sky Ride in Plymouth.
A municipal councillor has been killed in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
A man who hit a police officer with a stolen car has been jailed for 12 years.
A 25-year-old man has died after getting into difficulty in the water at St Abbs in Fife.
A soldier accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend was "obsessed" with her, a court has heard.
A collection of prams, toys and memorabilia has sold for more than £6,000 at auction.
A six-month sentence given to a man who killed a former professional cyclist is "too lenient", British Cycling has said.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by nine runs to win the One-Day Cup at Taunton.
A five-year-old boy was investigated by police for "sexting", the BBC has learned.
A man who phoned in a bomb threat to Bristol Airport has been jailed for two years.
England completed a crushing innings-and-209-run victory over Australia in the first Test to take a 1-0 lead in the Ashes.
Huddersfield Giants centre Sione Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Lenovo and Acer have joined the growing trend of cramming bigger batteries into smartphones.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has classified processed meat as "probably carcinogenic" to humans because of its high cancer risk.
conductors on Southern rail are to stage three 24-hour strikes in April and May in a row over jobs.
A new dissident republican group calling itself the IRA has said it was behind the murder of prison officer David Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's offer to EU citizens living in the UK is a "good start".
Kim In-kyung beat Spain's Carlota Ciganda in a play-off to win the Meijer LPGA Classic in Michigan.
A Cardiff teenager is taking legal action after a photo of her boyfriend was used in an anti-transgender leaflet by a political party in Italy.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey finished second in the second event of the World Bouldering Series.
Dairy Crest is to sell its Robert Wiseman Dairies business in a bid to cut its losses.
Consumers are starting to "splutter", according to credit card firm Visa.
A disabled man who was stuck in a train door has called for more help for wheelchair users.
A fountain in Hertfordshire is to be refilled to celebrate the Queen's Diamond Jubilee and the Olympic Games.
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to become the first British man in space on Tuesday.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found with gunshot wounds in Lincolnshire.
Ferrari's Fernando Alonso held off Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel and Jenson Button to win the Hungarian Grand Prix.
The Japanese government has raised the death toll from floods and mudslides in the country to at least 11.
The rise of the second screen, or companion device (that's a tablet or smartphone to you and me) was the topic of the moment at the annual gathering of the broadcast industry in Amsterdam, the BBC News website reports.
Kilmarnock have ended the season-long loan deals of Aberdeen's Jordan Waddington and Ross Davies.
A record number of seals could be born at a Norfolk nature reserve.
The decline of one of the world's rarest species of gibbon in China has been revealed in old government records.
MPs have voted to raise the main rate of VAT from 17.5% to 20% in April.
The crisis in the steel industry is not the only threat to the Welsh economy, Plaid Cymru has said.
The Abu Dhabi United Group has invested £200m in Manchester City Council's plan to build hundreds of new homes.
Saturday's trip to Stamford Bridge will be Liverpool's biggest test of their Premier League title credentials so far this season.
England's world champion Laura Massaro beat compatriot Sarah-Jane Waters to win the British Women's Open title in Manchester.
In politics, you don't always know what's going to come out next.
Disney has announced plans for a sequel to hit animation Frozen, which was a surprise hit when it was released in 2013.
The Women's FA Women's FA Cup final at Wembley Stadium is set to attract a crowd of more than 34,000.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket.
Striker Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat Championship strugglers Bolton Wanderers.
Lancashire opener Liam Livingstone made a half-century to help his side take a 69-run lead over Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford won the long jump at the Great North City Games in Newcastle.
The family of a woman who died after a crash in Aberdeenshire earlier this month have said they are "devastated".
The Marine Conservation Society is urging dog owners to clear up their pet's mess on the beach.
Chelsea captain John Terry will miss his final appearance at Stamford Bridge after he was sent off in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Sunderland.
Four men have been found guilty of being part of a gang which stole artefacts worth up to £57m from museums and auction houses.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni, Burundi's Pierre Nkurunziza and Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's leading financial institutions.
A man has completed a 333-mile (536km) run from Wembley Stadium to Old Trafford to raise money for charity.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side must change their "losing mentality" after their 4-0 FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend was left "a bit down" after his final game in charge ended in defeat by Edinburgh at Scotstoun.
The Govan Shipbuilders yard on the banks of the River Clyde in Glasgow was once one of the largest and most successful shipyards in the world.
A man accused of throwing acid in a woman's face in a revenge attack has told a court he was "not a violent person".
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be given a passport by England manager Roy Hodgson, says Danny Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canada's Vasek Pospisil 6-4 7-5 in the second round of the Cincinnati Masters.
The inventor of the toy Etch A Sketch has died at the age of 83.
The UK's green bank is to be privatised, the government has announced.
Red telephone boxes in London are being turned into solar-powered charging stations for smartphones.
Samsung has pulled the plug on its Galaxy Note 7 after a second batch of batteries overheated and caught fire.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to 14 counts of indecently assaulting boys at a disco in the 1960s.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has taken its final picture of the surface of Mars.
An investigation into claims by a Vale of Glamorgan MP about the death of her husband in hospital has upheld most of her allegations.
A 17-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in a street in Bristol.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has asked the schools watchdog to prepare cases to prosecute unregistered schools in England.
Aberdeen City Council has voted against the controversial City Garden Project.
A plaque is to be unveiled at the home of a World War Two submarine commander who earned the Victoria Cross.
Barcelona and Argentina footballer Lionel Messi will face trial for alleged tax fraud, a court in Barcelona has ruled.
The Scottish League Cup quarter-finals will be staged at Hampden Park next month after the draw for the fifth-round replays was made on Monday.
A cash-strapped NHS health group is proposing to stop non-urgent operations, IVF treatment and gluten-free foods to save money.
Retired US general and former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve under President-elect Donald Trump if asked.
Hsiao Hsiao-yu is a Buddhist who has found a new way to practise her faith in Taiwan.
A new children's garden at a children's hospital in Cardiff is to be officially opened.
More than half of new mothers in Wales do not breastfeed their babies for at least six months, a survey has found.
An AustralianTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkia
The European Union is to create a common list of tax havens to tackle money laundering and tax evasion.
Nigeria defender Efe Ambrose's move from Celtic to Blackburn Rovers on transfer deadline day is in doubt.
People have been warned not to disturb a protected bird of prey on the Isle of Man.
(Closed): Wall Street markets closed higher on Monday, boosted by strong results from Bank of America.
The former owner of BHS, Sir Philip Green, has tabled a new offer to help resolve the BHS pension scheme, the BBC understands.
Scotland second row Leone Nakarawa is one of four players to leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the season.
Bears off-spinner Jeetan Patel has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
The number of women in Northern Ireland being treated for breast cancer is on the rise, according to new figures.
Cuts to the armed forces have left the UK "dangerously exposed", a group of former military commanders have warned in a leaked letter to David Cameron.
Scientists are going to try to find out why the Earth is so hot.
Quiet, solo thinking is unpleasant enough that people would rather be doing something unpleasant, a series of experiments suggests.
Two more people have been arrested after a four-year-old girl was seriously injured by a Staffordshire bull terrier.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder after a stabbing in Croydon.
Jumping spiders use super-fast silk lines to fine-tune their jumping manoeuvres, scientists have discovered.
Exeter Chiefs trio Martin Horstmann, Dave Atkins and Julian Salvi have signed new contracts with the Premiership club.
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says the club's new owner Francesco Becchetti is "learning" about football.
New faces, new faces, new faces...
The political crisis in Northern Ireland dominates the front pages on Wednesday.
Domino's Pizza has reported record annual sales in the UK and Ireland last year, helped by strong demand for its online and app-based delivery services.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed former Aston Villa and Hibernian midfielder Barry Osborne on a one-year deal.
At least 19 people have been killed in a gun attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, the prime minister has said.
The Ulster Unionist leader, Jim Murphy, has said his party will not be in a position to govern on its own.
US President Barack Obama stood in the pouring rain outside the African Union (AU) headquarters in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Motorcyclist Ryan Farquhar has been moved out of the intensive care unit at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast after a crash at the North West 200.
The number of young people trespassing on railway lines in Wales has increased, police have said.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving "professional help" to manage his medication for back pain and a sleep disorder.
The US and Russia say a partial cessation of hostilities in Syria has begun in the city of Aleppo.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal will join Manchester United in the Champions League last-16 draw on Thursday.
A man has gone on trial charged with attempted murder after setting fire to a house while 11 people were inside.
French President Francois Hollande's plan to strip jihadists convicted of terrorism of their French citizenship has triggered a major political crisis.
Free sanitary products should be given to women and children in Scotland, the Green Party has said.
Masked men who blew up a cash machine in a North Lanarkshire town are being sought by police.
The Co-op Insurance has agreed to provide customers with separate quotes for no claims bonus protection on car insurance.
Lawyers for South African athlete Oscar Pistorius are to challenge the decision to allow prosecutors to appeal against his acquittal on murder charges.
Russia's foreign minister has told the BBC that the US-Russian deal on the war in Syria is collapsing.
Hundreds of people in Northern Ireland have taken part in a giant slide in a city centre.
A controversial documentary on China's air pollution has been removed from popular video sites, days after the government praised it.
A man has been threatened by a gang of men during an aggravated burglary at a house in Londonderry.
Jake Sheppard's late strike earned Dagenham a 2-1 win at home to Bromley in the National League.
Thousands of children and young people in England and Wales are victims of sexual exploitation, says a report.
The chairman of Edrington Group, Crawford Gillies, is to succeed John Murray as chairman of the Scotch whisky distiller.
(Close): The pound has risen against the euro after the Bank of England said it was unlikely to raise interest rates any time soon.
The new leader of the Afghan Taliban, Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Mansour, has called for unity in an audio message.
Teenage Worcestershire off-spinner Alan Tongue took a career-best 6-58 as Glamorgan were bowled out for 234 at New Road.
A driver accused of knocking down a lollipop lady outside a Bedfordshire school has told a court he was "truly sorry" for what he had done to her.
Clint Dempsey will miss the start of the Premier League season because of a back injury.
A man who died while competing in a triathlon has raised more than £12,500 for charity.
Barcelona have paid 13m euros (£10.8m) to settle a tax investigation into the signing of Brazil forward Neymar.
The US was the world's largest investor in clean energy technologies in 2011, according to a new global investment table.
A footbridge to replace a Grade II-listed bridge damaged by flooding in a North Yorkshire town is to be built.
A non-league football club has returned to Scarborough after a seven-year exile.
A man has admitted trying to import 50 stun guns disguised as batons into Dundee.
Malaysian Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller is stepping down after less than a year in the job.
Police are investigating after a man was found seriously injured in West Lothian.
An Irish reality TV star has been trending on Twitter after appearing on a TV show with a spray tan.
Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson is fighting back over claims that he embellished some of his life experiences.
Former Nigerian Football Federation vice-president Amos Adamu is being investigated by Fifa's Ethics Committee, world football's governing body has confirmed.
The art world in Africa is booming, with galleries and galleries in the continent opening their doors to visitors.
Three new studies of dark matter have just been published in the journal Science.
Social media users in Nigeria are protesting against a bill that seeks to criminalise "abusive messages" on social media.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho should have apologised to former club doctor Eva Carneiro, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke.
Nigeria's military has offered rewards for the capture of 11 alleged commanders of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
George the dog loves shopping!
At least four people have died after a Libyan coast guard speedboat attacked a migrant dinghy in the Mediterranean, the aid group Sea Watch says.
A British soldier killed by a bomb in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
The UK's six political parties spent more than £9.5m on the general election campaign for the European Parliament.
Championship side Whitehaven have appointed former St Helens forward Carl Forster as their new head coach.
At least six people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
Senior Republicans have warned US President Donald Trump's plan to cut foreign aid would be a "disaster".
Is it snow in Kolkata (Calcutta)?
A murder and attempted murder investigation has been launched after a man died and a woman was injured in Rhondda Cynon Taff on Sunday.
The official medals for the World Athletics and Para-athletics Championships in London have been unveiled.
More than 100 shops selling legal highs have shut down in England and Wales since a ban on the drugs came into force, the Home Office has said.
The winner of the Royal Photographic Society's International Astronomy Photographer of the Year award will be announced at a ceremony at the Royal Albert Hall in London on Friday.
A glitch on the US stock exchange Nasdaq saw shares of some of the world's biggest technology companies trading at a record high.
A man who filmed women under their skirts using his mobile phone has been jailed for 18 months.
A deal to phase out the world's fastest growing greenhouse gases from air conditioning and refrigerators is expected to be agreed in Rwanda.
Mobile phone operator EE has launched a network using internet-beaming drones and helium balloons to boost mobile coverage.
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales' win over France has set up a "massive" match against England at Twickenham.
David Cameron has apologised to a London imam for "any misunderstanding" over claims he supports the so-called Islamic State (IS).
A planning application for a wind farm on Skye has been approved by Highland councillors.
The Scottish and Welsh governments have said they will not give their consent to a bill giving ministers the power to change EU laws after Brexit.
Taxi-hailing app Uber is losing $1bn (£700m) a year in China, according to the firm's boss.
Parents who paid for their children to go to a holiday camp where a director is accused of possessing indecent images of children will be refunded.
Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez says he will fight middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin after knocking out Britain's Amir Khan in Las Vegas.
The man who died in a light aircraft crash at Dundonald airfield in County Armagh on Saturday has been named as James McKnight.
Former England and Preston striker Tom Finney has died at the age of 86.
Crawley Town have signed Dutch striker Jordy Verheydt from Dutch side FC Maastricht for an undisclosed fee.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new head of the country's secretive Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI).
The death of a baby born by emergency Caesarean section after his mother was turned away from a hospital was the result of "missed chances", a coroner has ruled.
The ring-fence separating investment and retail banking should be strengthened in the government's banking reforms, a banking watchdog has said.
A 25-year-old man has died after being shot in a car in Sheffield.
A German tourist has died while snorkelling on the Great Barrier Reef in Australia.
Venom from funnel-web spiders has been used to create a protein that could help treat stroke.
A plan for a joint training college for the police, fire and prison services in Northern Ireland has been scrapped, the BBC has learned.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling in Snowdonia.
It's a sunny afternoon in the outfield of a cricket stadium in Berbice, Guyana.
As part of the BBC Radio Manchester's Tales of the 10 series, Andy and Alex Johnson, the parents of seven-year-old Jack, who has Duchenne's Muscular Dystrophy, share their story.
A woman jailed for her part in a £110,000 fraud at a Dumfriesshire castle is to appeal against her sentence.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte has lost three sponsors, including swimwear brand Speedo and fashion house Ralph Lauren.
Hampshire were relegated from the County Championship after a 10-wicket defeat by Durham at the Ageas Bowl.
Manager Aitor Karanka says Middlesbrough are "not in a rush" to sign new players ahead of the new season.
Belfast Harbour has announced plans for a third office development in the city centre.
A paralysed former event-rider is set to run the London Marathon in a "bionic" suit.
The US justice department has said the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Office has failed to improve conditions for mentally ill inmates in its jails.
A gardener has said he is "jumping for joy" after growing a pear tree in his back garden.
The Argentine tennis player David Nalbandian has been kicked out of the Aegon Championships.
Team Sky would have been "in big trouble" without Luke Rowe's contribution to Chris Froome's Tour de France victory, says boss Sir Dave Brailsford.
Scientists have found a fossil of a fruit that dates back more than five million years.
New Rangers head coach Pedro Caixinha will want to "put his own stamp" on the team, says Hamilton Academical's Martin Canning.
England fast bowler Steven Finn will return for the third Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston starting on Wednesday.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has successfully completed the first flight of a demonstrator spacecraft.
A decision on plans to rebuild Guernsey's schools has been delayed by a month after the States' Policy Council discussed the issue.
Former Greek finance minister George Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a document to hide a list of Greeks with Swiss bank accounts.
A hospital consultant has claimed staff fitted a blind for free after it was rejected for a quotation of £900.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of embezzlement and sentenced to five years in jail.
A man has been found guilty of raping a woman in her own home in south London.
The number of IVF cycles offered on the NHS in Scotland should be increased, a charity has said.
The NHS in England is facing "insufficient capacity and capability" to cope with the pressures of winter, doctors say.
Trams have been tested in Manchester city centre for the first time.
Generic drug maker Mylan has announced plans to launch a cheaper version of its branded EpiPen, which has been criticised for soaring prices in the US.
Kell Brook will have surgery on the eye injury he suffered in his world welterweight title defeat by Gennady Golovkin on Saturday.
Cardiff's half marathon will go ahead, the city council has said.
Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie is worth more than £5m.
Michael Gove has suggested that access to the UK's fisheries after it leaves the EU will be limited after Brexit.
An Indian soldier found alive after an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir last week is in a coma, the army says.
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Wigan Athletic's game against Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch.
A cash machine has been destroyed in an explosion at a village post office.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in Renfrewshire have appealed for three men to come forward.
Humberside's chief constable has written to head teachers asking them to allow police officers to take holidays with their children.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have begun a search at a second site.
Ed Miliband has urged voters not to "gamble" with the SNP in the general election.
The New England Patriots beat the Atlanta Falcons in the Super Bowl on Sunday to win the biggest game in American football.
A man who murdered his four-year-old granddaughter has been jailed for a minimum of 20 years.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow beat non-league Taunton Town in the first round of the FA Cup.
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram will play for Adelaide Strikers in the Big Bash Twenty20 competition in Australia.
Unions at the Office for National Statistics (ONS) in Newport have said they fear jobs could be moved out of the city.
In a refugee camp in northern Iraq, a group of women and children from the Yazidi religious minority were sitting in a circle, listening to visitors from the US-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS).
Australia batsman Michael Clarke hit a century on day two of the first Test against England to pay tribute to team-mate Phillip Hughes, who died in November.
Disability campaigners have criticised a decision to open a platform door at Bath railway station 24 hours in advance.
The website of Ukraine's postal service, Ukrposhta, has been brought to its knees by a cyber attack.
Actor Anthony McCoowen, who played Q in Sean Connery's James Bond films Thunderball and Never Say Never Again, has died at the age of 93.
Veteran Roma captain Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with the Italian club.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by seven wickets in the third one-day international.
The Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce has said that a majority of its members in Northern Ireland support the UK remaining in the European Union.
A double-decker bus caught fire and exploded in Bishopsgate in London.
Supermarket chain Morrisons is raising the price of Marmite by 10p a jar.
The Glasgow School of Art has opened a new building next to the city's most famous modernist masterpiece.
Scottish Labour leader Owen Smith has called on the EU to respect Scotland's "esprit European".
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara retired from Test cricket after scoring just one run in his final innings.
Parts of Scotland have been hit by strong winds and heavy rain as Storm Frank sweeps across the country.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed the European Commission's aid package for struggling farmers.
Manager Pedro Caixinha says Rangers "deserved" to win their goalless draw with Hearts at Ibrox.
Japanese conservationists are to visit the Isle of Skye to help prepare for the reintroduction of the Japanese otter.
In our series of letters from the world's leading experts on global education, journalist Annalisa Quinn shares her experience of finding peace in Bangkok.
A UKIP parliamentary candidate has apologised after appearing to question the cost of HIV treatment in the NHS.
Brazil right-back Dani Alves is to leave Barcelona after eight years at the club.
On Friday morning, the private rocket company SpaceX was preparing to conduct a routine test of its rocket at its launch pad in Florida.
Detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work, police have said.
A century from captain Varun Chopra helped Warwickshire secure a draw against Hampshire at Edgbaston.
UKIP AMs who live outside of Wales should not be allowed to stand as assembly election candidates, Labour has said.
As the Conservatives launch their plans for means-testing the winter fuel allowance and social care, the pressure is on to show how they would work.
Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave the Formula 1 team at the end of the year.
A union has called for an inspection of a prison after a knife was reportedly found in the hands of a prisoner.
A 91-year-old man who died in a crash while trying to set a new national time trial record has been named.
The brother of a man whose body was found on a beach in Thailand has said he believes his brother was murdered.
Women's Super League One club Arsenal Ladies have changed their name to Arsenal Women.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found in Surrey.
A teacher who died of carbon monoxide poisoning in China had a faulty water heater, an inquest has heard.
Labour MPs have defied the party's leadership to vote against the government's plan to force future governments to balance the books.
A celebration of the oldest carnival in Europe is to be held to mark its 50th anniversary.
Bournemouth striker Harry Wilson says he feels "strong and ready" after his return from a knee injury.
A 25-year-old man has been charged in the US with trying to join al-Qaeda in Pakistan.
Brighton moved to the top of the Championship after a thrilling win at Ipswich Town.
A cash machine has been stolen in a ram-raid on a supermarket in Oxford.
The sister of a junior doctor whose body was found washed up on a beach has said she was a "sweet, beautiful, kind, loving woman".
A record number of skiers and snowboarders have visited Scotland's mountain ski areas this winter, according to Ski Scotland.
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin president Gerry Adams told him to release the names of republicans who were involved in his mother's murder.
Would you like to move in with a Tyrannosaurus rex?
Two people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a baby.
The DUP's Edwin Poots has said he does not like doing business with Sinn Féin because of the "smelly smell" of the IRA.
A 15-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who had groomed her online, a court has heard.
Wigan full-back Lewis Tierney has signed a new three-year contract with the Super League champions.
Thousands of people have attended the Twelfth of July parade in Rossnowlagh, County Donegal.
The main political parties in Wales have published their manifestos for the general election.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says the club need to make more signings this week.
Blackpool picked up their first point of the League One season with a 1-1 draw against Colchester at Bloomfield Road.
China has agreed to "do something" to help the steel industry, Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said.
The funeral of a police officer who appeared on a police TV show has taken place at Durham Cathedral.
Wales has the highest take-up of high-speed internet in the UK, according to a report by communications regulator Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels business in South Yorkshire.
People are being asked about plans to build a travellers' site in a Powys town.
A spire at a church in Surrey is to be repaired after it was damaged by woodpeckers.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has told a reporter to call Senator Lindsey Graham's phone number.
US President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law has come into force, extending health insurance to millions of Americans.
A security alert in west Belfast has been declared a hoax device.
The US government wants to limit the use of built-in mobile phones and other electronic devices while driving in the US.
A cross-party delegation of Northern Ireland politicians is to travel to Colombia this week to discuss the peace process with the Farc rebel group.
A man had to be rescued after falling through a garden fence in Coventry.
Adam Lyth's first County Championship century of the season helped Yorkshire fight back against Surrey at the Oval.
A man who crashed his car into a house in West Sussex has been banned from driving for two years.
Ken Morley has apologised for his behaviour on Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother.
Repairs to a burst water main in the Republic of Ireland will take two weeks to complete, Irish Water has said.
A woman has been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery at a shop in Larne, County Antrim.
Colum Eastwood has announced he is to challenge the SDLP leader, Alasdair McDonnell.
A Scottish town dubbed the "worst in the world" has been named Scotland's town of the year at the Scottish Design Awards.
Three men have been arrested after police seized cannabis with an estimated street value of about £300,000 in the Isle of Man.
Welsh Labour is facing a "massive crisis" in the wake of its general election defeat, a former Welsh government minister has said.
Former world number one Annika Sorenstam believes Charley Hull could be a top-10 player in the world.
The founders of lost property firm My Lupo have missed out on a £250,000 investment on BBC One's Dragons' Den.
Power has been restored to most parts of Bangladesh after a major blackout hit the country on Saturday.
The culture minister Carl N Chuiln has taken control of Sport NI.
Faster access to the best new cancer drugs will be given to the NHS in England, NHS England has said.
A pub landlord who stabbed a gay man with a steak knife has been jailed for eight years.
Two of the three London schoolgirls thought to be in Syria have married men, their families have been told.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been given a four-game touchline ban after admitting a Football Association charge of improper conduct in the 2-2 draw with Burnley.
Two antique Russian and Prussian porcelain cups and saucers have been stolen in a burglary.
The owners of a private mental health hospital where staff abused patients "promoted an unworkable management structure", a report has found.
Glamorgan all-rounder Ben Wright is to leave the county at the end of his contract.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of Amanda Knox, has been found guilty of the 2007 murder of British student Meredith Kercher in Perugia, Italy.
Jordan Spieth's dramatic collapse in the Masters will "scar" him, says five-time champion Sir Nick Faldo.
A Botswana athlete has accused World Championship organisers of wanting Usain Bolt to be the face of athletics.
Middlesbrough secured their first Premier League win of the season as Gaston Ramirez's spectacular goal gave them victory over Bournemouth.
The former first minister of Northern Ireland, Lord Bannside, has been speaking to the BBC about the signing of the Ulster Covenant 100 years ago.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Ross McCormack on a two-year deal.
Four people have been arrested in Belgium on suspicion of plotting attacks in the capital, Brussels, prosecutors say.
Theresa May has met survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire at a church in west London.
Leigh Centurions have signed England half-back Rangi Chase from Super League rivals Salford Red Devils.
Direct flights between Dundee Airport and London Stansted Airport are to continue for a further two years.
Shares in Anglo American have fallen more than 10% after the mining giant announced plans to cut jobs and sell assets.
French cyclist Pierre-Etienne Demoitie died after being hit by a motorbike during a race on Sunday.
Ulster centre Stuart McCloskey has signed a new contract to stay at Kingspan Stadium until 2019.
The US space agency Nasa has launched a mission to return samples from the asteroid Bennu.
A Japanese woman offered a job at Cambridge University took her seven-year-old son to the UK unlawfully, a High Court judge has ruled.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed off a promenade in north Wales.
Human body parts have been found in a mass grave in Kenya's Rift Valley region.
The president of the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu has declared a state of national disaster after a powerful cyclone.
The UK's ambassador to Syria, Michael Harrington, has refused to say how many Syrian refugees have arrived in the UK.
"Grave misgivings" about the introduction of a criminal courts charge have been raised by MPs.
Supermarket chain Asda's website was open to hackers for two years because of security flaws, the BBC has learned.
A former drug cartel pilot who once testified against Pablo Escobar has been jailed for attacking a squatter with an axe.
Mexico stunned hosts Brazil to win their first ever Olympic football gold medal with a shock 2-1 victory in the men's football final at Wembley.
The new 12-sided £1 coin will be introduced in the UK on 1 March, the Royal Mint has announced.
Former Andy Murray coach Ivan Lendl says he is considering a return to coaching.
A woman has told a court of a "struggle for life" after being raped in an Edinburgh park.
Sunderland have appointed Sam Allardyce as their new manager on a three-year contract.
David Llewellin and his son, Ben Llewellin, are competing at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Human rights lawyer Amal Clooney has called on the UN to investigate the "genocide" being committed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
A troubled academy school on the Isle of Wight is to be merged with another school.
Seven migrants have gone on trial in Berlin accused of setting fire to a homeless Polish man at a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not force cabinet ministers to vote for the UK to leave the EU in his renegotiations with Brussels.
A US appeals court has ordered the immediate release of Brendan Dassey, whose case featured in the Netflix documentary Making a Murderer.
A crowd-funding campaign to buy cyber-security tools from a notorious hacking group has been halted.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal.
It would have been "rash and dangerous" to push ahead with forcing all schools in England to become academies, a think tank has claimed.
One of the missing episodes of Doctor Who has been found in the Nigerian archive of the BBC.
Contractual issues at London Gatwick Airport will hit full-year profits at logistics firm Menzies Aviation.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has been accused of "forced into a dead end" by his decision to cancel a visit to Moscow.
A police force's social media poster asking parents not to tell children they will go to jail if they misbehave has gone viral.
An allegation of historical child sex abuse by Labour peer Lord Janner is being investigated in Scotland, the BBC has learned.
Notts County Ladies have defended their decision to merge with the men's Super League One club.
The Northern Ireland Secretary of State Theresa Villiers has said the flag protests are damaging Northern Ireland's image.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash with a tractor in Lincolnshire.
Sir Elton John has said he will not marry his partner until Australia legalises same-sex marriage.
England women completed a 3-0 series whitewash of New Zealand with a 32-23 win at Twickenham Stoop.
Taking a bone-strengthening drug after a hip or knee replacement could dramatically cut the failure rate, a study suggests.
A US woman who killed six of her newborn babies has been sentenced in the US state of Utah.
Head teachers involved in the so-called Trojan Horse claims of a hardline Muslim takeover of schools in England say they are still facing threats.
Matty Taylor's late double rescued a point for Bristol Rovers at MK Dons.
A field trial of a genetically modified (GM) rice crop in the Philippines has been vandalised.
Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph has signed for Manchester City on a five-year deal for a fee of about £8m.
A dead patient was left in a corridor for hours and a patient was left sitting on a bedpan for more than an hour at a hospital's A&E department, the Care Quality Commission has found.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to announce his response to a review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne in Aberdeen in 2007.
For more than a decade, Ryan Smith was a drug addict who ran a successful catering business that catered for the rich and famous.
The University of Manchester has launched its first degree course in Urdu.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family are involved in the oil trade with so-called Islamic State (IS), Russia has said.
Armed police officers at the Download Festival have been taking selfies with fans.
Serious talks on the UK's departure from the EU will not begin before November, a former European Council president has said.
South Korea's tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast that its operating profit for the last three months of the year will miss expectations.
Police in China say they have seized Viagra-branded alcohol and drugs after a raid on two distilleries.
Household waste collections have resumed in parts of Somerset after a five-week strike.
Telecoms firm TalkTalk has confirmed that the cyber-attack on its website last month that led to the theft of its customers' financial details was "limited".
Ireland's Shane Lowry will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the US Open after hitting a five-under-par third round of 66.
A four-wheeled electric car built by students in Switzerland has set a new world speed record for electric vehicles.
A British Army officer accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda said he had consensual sex with her, a court martial has heard.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says he would be "devastated" if one of his players had punched Scarlets' James Davies - but Wayne Pivac has defended the Welshman.
The Amazon.com founder, Jeff Bezos, has announced that he's found one of the engines that sent humans to the moon.
The ice sculpture festival in the Chinese city of Harbin has opened.
When Ghanaian film-makers The Busy Twist set out to capture the essence of the West African country's capital, Accra, for their new music video, they wanted to capture the spirit of the city.
Thousands of fans missed the start of an FA Cup match because of "shambolic" ticket queues.
(Close): Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Friday after the latest US jobs figures were released.
Kevin Pietersen's England career has ended in acrimony.
The complete list of genes that cause breast cancer has been revealed by scientists.
Genetic links to chronic pain and depression have been discovered in a study of more than 100,000 people.
Chelsea have secured their second Premier League title in three years with victory over Bournemouth at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
Union members at London Metropolitan University have voted for strike action in a row over job cuts.
Scottish League One leaders Dumbarton eased to victory over Ross County in the Scottish Cup.
Kent recovered from the early loss of two wickets to reach 131-5 in reply to Glamorgan's 131-5 in the One-Day Cup at Canterbury.
A 19-year-old man has appeared in court after a car crashed into a family, killing a seven-year-old boy and his aunt.
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a code of boating safety.
Aston Villa midfielder Idrissa Gueye has activated a release clause in his contract that allows him to leave the Championship club.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has released the full list of nominees for the 2017 Africa Football Awards.
A bus driver has been taken to hospital after a crash with a lorry outside a depot.
Northern Ireland's Olympic marathon runner Paul Pollock has returned to action in the half marathon at the Cardiff Half Marathon.
The leader of Bahrain's main Shia opposition group, al-Wefaq, has called on the Sunni-ruled kingdom's crown prince to open talks with the opposition.
Two schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after receiving threats over a geography lesson.
Johan Cruyff's son Jordi has thanked fans for their "kind words and memories" following the death of his father.
Petra Kvitova reached the semi-finals of the Aegon Classic in Eastbourne with a 6-1 7-6 (7-5) win over American Madison Brengle.
A new loyalist paramilitary flag is to be flown alongside the Union and Ulster flags along roads in Northern Ireland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Northern Ireland's Kris Meeke secured his third successive World Rally Championship win at Rally Portugal after surviving a late crash.
The chief executive of Chinese search giant Baidu has been caught on camera driving a self-driving car in Beijing.
Brian Matthew was the voice of British popular music on radio and television for more than 60 years.
New Sale Sharks signing Josh Charnley says he is still learning the game of rugby union.
Israel has appointed the first Arab police officer in the country's history.
In a car park in the centre of Consett, County Durham, three young men are trying to work out who the woman in the photograph is.
Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias is expected to have a "full recovery" after cutting his hand on a camera.
A former PSNI assistant chief constable has said cannabis should be decriminalised in Northern Ireland.
Johnny Sexton will start at fly-half for the British and Irish Lions in the first Test against New Zealand on Saturday, with Owen Farrell on the bench.
Many deaf people in Wales are struggling to get jobs because of a lack of confidence to say they are deaf on their CVs, a report has found.
A man has been killed and a man injured in a shooting in Liverpool - the fifth in the city in five days.
The United Nations has appointed comic book superhero Wonder Woman as its Goodwill Ambassador.
A former Royal Marine who was left paralysed after a diving accident in the Canary Islands has told a High Court judge that the Ministry of Defence (MoD) was not to blame.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump after a meeting.
The knockout stage of the first European Championship finals to feature 24 teams begins on Thursday, with the likes of England, Italy, France and Spain all in the last 16.
A transgender woman who was attacked in prison has launched an appeal against her sentence.
A man and his dog have been rescued after their car plunged into a lake in Hertfordshire.
The Centre for Computing History at the University of Bristol is celebrating 30 years of the BBC Micro Computer.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Southend United striker OlliePigott on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child screenwriter Jack Thorne is to write the TV adaptation of Edgar Dick's Electric Dreams.
A girl is in a critical condition in hospital after a shooting in a village in East Sussex.
A 95-year-old man who phoned in to a BBC radio show to say he felt "lonely" after his wife's illness has been taken to the studio.
An MP has said she will fight plans to downgrade a hospital's maternity unit to a midwife-led service.
A new vein of the blue stone Blue John has been discovered.
Indian hammer thrower Shrawan Singh has blamed his failed drugs test on a "conspiracy".
Tablets in schools in England are helping to motivate pupils who might otherwise be disengaged, a study suggests.
Students at Queen's University in Belfast have begun a sit-in protest over its investments in fossil fuels.
Guinea international Souleymane Camara has signed for French side Guingamp on a two-year deal after his release by Derby County.
Catfish and the Bottlemen have won the Barclaycard Mercury Prize for album of the year for their debut Communion.
South African police say a man has been arrested after the body of a "love triangle" victim was found in the boot of a car.
Poland's government has welcomed calls to prosecute European Council President Donald Tusk over the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski and 95 others.
Cardiff City Football Club made a pre-tax loss of just over £2m following their relegation from the Premier League last season.
A man has been seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run in Shoreham.
A group of women who worked in the steel industry in Sheffield during World War Two have called for a statue of them to be erected in the city.
Hartlepool United loanee Andrew Nelson is likely to miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
All of Scotland's beaches have been inspected by the Scottish Environment Protection Agency.
Ireland reached the World Cup quarter-finals despite losing captain Paul O'Connell and fly-half Johnny Sexton to injury in their win over France in Cardiff.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering a two-year-old boy in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Mauritius Prime Minister Pravind Jugnauth has announced he is to step down after 35 years in power, to be replaced by his son, Veerle.
Surgeons in Sweden have carried out the world's first windpipe transplant using a patient's own tissue.
Nigeria international Taiwo Oshaniwa says his move to Hearts is a big step in his career after signing for the newly-promoted Scottish Premiership club.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of the US Open because of family reasons.
An Isle of Man footballer who was found dead in Liverpool has been described as a "great character".
Speed bumps on a London bus have been painted on to the side.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke City beat Aston Villa.
Millions of you have been using the messaging app WhatsApp to help the BBC report the news.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK, and the jet stream, the river of air in the UK's upper atmosphere, has been the culprit.
League Two Cambridge United stunned Manchester United in the fourth round of the FA Cup.
France has condemned Turkey's bombardment of a Kurdish militia in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire at a flat in Edinburgh.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was shot outside a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley says his side have "lost their way" since their FA Cup exit at the end of January.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) is to allow shellfish beds in Cornwall to re-open.
The EU has called on Georgia to avoid "provocative" actions after a new dividing line appeared close to a major oil pipeline.
In the wake of the attacks on the Charlie Hebdo offices in Paris, the BBC has spoken to some of the teachers and students who were in the city at the time.
The UN mission fighting the Ebola outbreak in West Africa is to close its headquarters in the Ghanaian capital, Accra.
Two people have been rescued alive from the rubble of buildings in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, five days after the earthquake.
(Close): Shares in US health insurers rose after the US Supreme Court upheld key parts of the Affordable Care Act.
BBC Sport will bring you live coverage of the first-round FA Cup tie between non-league side South Shields and Bridlington Town.
A Ballymena man from County Antrim has been recognised as one of the best groundsmen in the world.
Three suspended members of Venezuela's National Assembly have agreed to leave the opposition-held parliament and return to the opposition.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found abandoned in Bedfordshire.
Children who read for pleasure do better in maths, vocabulary and spelling at the age of 16, research suggests.
St Mirren captain Alan Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct by the Scottish Football Association.
The Church of England's decision to allow women bishops has been hailed as a "cosmo shift" in the way the Church of England presents itself to the world.
The founder of the Greggs bakery chain sexually abused boys, a court has heard.
Northern Ireland-based building materials firm Northstone has reported a fall in turnover and profits for 2012.
The Westgate shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, where al-Shabab militants killed 67 people in September, has been closed to the public.
The US has begun training Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State (IS).
The two candidates in the second round of the French presidential election have set out their visions for the country.
The funeral of a DJ whose remains were found in the Bristol Channel has been described as a "showstopper".
Friends and relatives of Adam Lanza, the 20-year-old who killed 20 children and six adults at a school in the US state of Connecticut on Friday, say he was a shy and nervous young man.
Ireland's women lost 3-0 to England in the final of the Wales Cup in Cardiff on Sunday.
A health trust has pleaded guilty after a patient fell from a roof at a mental health unit.
Armed police have seized a shotgun and ammunition in Luton.
In an interview last week with the chancellor, George Osborne, he said that the UK economy had been "resilient" in the wake of the vote to leave the EU.
The Liberal Democrats have accused UKIP of "scaremongering" over immigration to the NHS.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-3 6-4 to win the Brisbane International title.
Mansfield Town moved into the League Two play-off places with a convincing victory at Morecambe.
A 29-year-old man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked attackers in Kilmarnock.
Former Rangers midfielder Barry Ferguson believes Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown at Hampden.
Newport County chairman Peter Foxall says Graham Westley's sacking was the "obvious" decision.
The parents of a 51-year-old woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written to the island's prime minister to say they are unable to attend her funeral.
Less than half of people in the East Midlands can name any of the candidates standing in May's local council elections, research suggests.
The BBC's decision not to renew the contract of Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson after his "fracas" with producer Oisin Tymon has sparked a global reaction on social media.
A PE teacher accused of agreeing to a "religious influence" at a school at the centre of the so-called Trojan Horse affair has been cleared of misconduct.
League One side Rotherham United have signed former Wales defender Craig Davies on a two-year deal.
Regular walking for an hour a day may boost the size of the brain in later life, a US study suggests.
The Isle of Man coroner has criticised a "gross systemic failure" at the Isle of Man Hospital over the death of a man who fell from a shower rail.
A gap year student who was stranded in Nepal after the earthquake received $130 (£85) from a British man who offered to pay for her flight back to the UK.
Britain's Naomi Broady will play Ukraine's Elina Svitolina in the first round of the Wimbledon women's singles, while Andy Murray will face Belgium's David Goffin.
Leading Eurosceptic politicians in Europe have called for a referendum on EU membership after the UK voted to leave the bloc.
Three men have been jailed for smuggling 20 people into the UK in the back of a lorry.
Prince Harry has been performing the traditional Maori dance, the Haka, in Auckland, New Zealand.
Retailers and manufacturers have been urged to tackle an "overwhelming tide" of unhealthy food promotions in Scotland.
Partick Thistle Football Club has said it has been made aware of allegations of historical child abuse by a former employee in the 1980s.
Travellers have moved into a field near the site of the Dale Farm travellers' site in Essex.
The billionaire tycoon, Li-Ka Shing, has agreed to buy the UK mobile phone operator O2 for £10.25bn.
Wales forwards coach Robin McBryde says there could be as many as nine Welsh players selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robotic arm that can be controlled by a human hand.
Three men have been jailed for conning businesses out of more than £1m in a cold caller scam.
A fund has been set up to help Syrian refugees in the north east of Scotland.
As the new year beckons, many business leaders are already looking ahead to 2016.
Back row Alex Cheesman and Morgs Morgan have signed new contracts with the Cornish Pirates.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Stafford to protest about the future of Stafford Hospital.
A Cardiff man who had to have his colostomy bag removed has shared a picture of it on social media to raise awareness of the condition.
When US President Donald Trump was asked about the "many sides" protesting against the removal of a statue of Confederate general Robert E Lee in Charlottesville, Virginia, he was quick to point out that it was not the only one.
Plans for a tram line to Derby and Nottingham have been backed by councils in the East Midlands.
Newport RFC shareholders have been urged to back the Welsh Rugby Union's £3.75m takeover of the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The annual Beltane Fire Festival has been held in the village of Beltane in the Highlands.
The first of hundreds of new homes on the site of a new Army base in Staffordshire have been opened.
A report into the death of a Tesla driver who was killed in a crash while using the car's Autopilot feature has found no evidence the system failed.
Uganda's prime minister's official website and the justice ministry's website have been taken over by hackers protesting against the government's stance on gay rights.
In the wake of the Westminster attack and the Armagh fire tragedy, the front pages of Monday's papers are filled with stories of heroism and tragedy.
Sri Lanka bowler Rangana Herath has retired from Twenty20 international cricket.
An 80-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a hit-and-run driver in Manchester.
Saudi Arabia has warned the US that a new law allowing families of victims of the 9/11 attacks to sue the kingdom could damage relations.
A 17,000-tonne oil rig that ran aground on the Western Isles in August is to be taken to Malta for repairs.
Police in Pakistan say they have arrested 11 people over the mob killing of a Christian couple accused of blasphemy against Islam.
Rival factions in Libya have dismissed a UN proposal to form a national unity government.
Let's get this out of the way, I'm not talking about the arguments over whether you're going to buy the turkey, the decorations or the presents.
A former NFL running back has been found dead in his cell at a South Carolina prison while awaiting trial for the murder of his cellmate.
The number of people shot dead by police in England and Wales rose in the last year, figures show.
Sportswear giant Adidas will end its sponsorship of athletics' world governing body the IAAF at the end of 2016.
Ireland secured a draw against the Netherlands in the Intercontinental Cup game at Malahide as rain prevented any play on the final day.
A man armed with a machete has been shot dead at the home of Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto after attacking a police officer with the weapon.
Scientists are sending a robot down to the deepest part of the ocean to find out what life is there.
A judge has ordered genetic tests to be carried out on six people claiming to be relatives of the late musician Prince, as the search for his estate continues.
A prominent Scottish independence blogger has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment.
West Ham co-owners David Sullivan and David Gold have rejected a takeover offer from Red Bull.
Google parent company Alphabet has reported a rise in revenue in the first quarter, helped by a jump in advertising revenue.
The new owners of a south of Scotland engineering firm that went into administration last year have said they have re-employed more than half of the staff who lost their jobs.
A woman accused of defrauding an 87-year-old woman out of her life savings has been accused of being a liar.
A cyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash with a bus in Gwynedd.
Google Home will be available in the UK from 6 April, the tech giant has announced.
A mother facing deportation from the UK to Nigeria with her two daughters has been given an overnight reprieve, a friend has said.
A Northern Ireland councillor has been expelled from the UK Independence Party.
An Irish man who was shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his family has been named locally.
Edinburgh Zoo believes its female giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant.
Ipswich Town boosted their Championship survival hopes with victory over fellow strugglers Wigan.
Wigan prop Ben Flower has been banned for eight games for punching St Helens' Lance Hohaia.
The Hungarian government has said it will offer buses to migrants who are stuck in the capital, Budapest, on the way to Vienna.
Chelsea winger Victor Moses could be recalled from his loan spell at Stoke, says Potters manager Mark Hughes.
Ten-man Coventry City came from behind to beat Millwall in League One.
The Scottish government has rejected claims by the Scottish Conservatives that education budgets in Scotland have been cut.
A man jailed for five years for filming himself having sex with a 15-year-old girl has won an appeal against his conviction.
Ceremonies have been held in the Republic of Ireland and in France to mark the centenary of the start of the Battle of the Somme.
The Denver Nuggets will play the Indiana Pacers at the O2 Arena in London in the second regular-season NBA game to be staged in the UK.
James 'Jimmy' Hennessy, from Liverpool, travelled to Sheffield by car with friends, who all survived.
Mansfield captain Lee Evans was sent to the stands and his side lost 3-0 at Grimsby.
Somalia's Islamist militant group al-Shabab has rejected an amnesty offer by President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo.
The digger maker JCB has quit the CBI business lobby group.
Tens of thousands of foreign domestic workers have staged a protest in Hong Kong, demanding better safety equipment.
Eoin Morgan led England to a best-ever one-day international run-chase as they beat Australia by eight wickets to win the five-match series 3-2.
League One play-off hopefuls Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw at The Den.
Liverpool have appointed England Under-19s head coach Sean O'Driscoll as first-team coach.
US President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen has been suspended by a federal judge in the US.
The operation to police the 2011 riots in England was "flawed", MPs have said in a report.
A conference in London this week is looking at how businesses can use social media to influence their customers and prospects.
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced that the UK will vote on whether or not the UK should stay in or leave the European Union.
A husband and wife have been jailed for hiding more than £300,000 in their garden after he was jailed.
Japanese knotweed was introduced to the UK by Victorians in the 19th Century.
The cost of renting a beach hut on the Dorset coast will be too high for the "Sandbanks set", a beach hut association has claimed.
A giant barge that ran adrift in high winds has missed a BP oil platform in the North Sea.
The shape of a chocolate Easter egg is one of the defining images of the festive season.
A levy on late-night drinking in Liverpool city centre has been rejected by councillors.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) for the bombing of its hospital in Afghanistan that killed 42 people, the White House has said.
Britain's Jordanne Shuker won the first wheelchair mixed doubles title at the British Open.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end more than 50 years of armed conflict.
Wigan Warriors recovered from their heavy defeat by Hull FC to beat Castleford Tigers in Super League.
Hibernian moved clear at the top of the Championship with victory over St Mirren.
League One side Stevenage have signed former Nottingham Forest midfielder Scott Wilson on a two-year deal.
"I was born in Burma, but I have never been able to return to my homeland," says T Sarlan.
Nearly three million people in the UK are living in "highly-conflicted" relationships, with children at risk, a report has found.
The UK government's decision to cancel a competition to develop a scheme to capture carbon dioxide emissions from power stations has been criticised by the public spending watchdog.
The launch of the Galileo satellite navigation system by the European Space Agency (ESA) is a major milestone in the development of the technology.
The sister of a girl whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago has appealed for help to find her killer.
Facebook has removed a post on its site which appeared to show a list of eight people, including a 26-year-old man who was shot in west Belfast.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would understand if chairman Paul Scally sacked him.
Gareth Bale says it will be "hard" to beat Israel on Sunday to qualify for the Euro 2016 finals in France.
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced that all primary school children in England will have to learn a foreign language by the time they leave school.
Antibiotic-resistant sepsis is on the rise in the UK, a leading doctor says.
A judicial review into plans to build a cycle track on a Derby nature reserve has been ordered by the High Court.
A project to build a new hospital in Somerset has been given a £3m boost by the coalition government.
A group of Commonwealth-born Britons have written to David Cameron urging him to "reclaim Britain's global vocation" by leaving the EU.
Labour leadership candidate Yvette Cooper has said she fears the party could split if Jeremy Corbyn wins.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury Festival has been announced, with Radiohead, Foo Fighters and Katy Perry among the acts confirmed.
People have taken to social media to share pictures and videos of a bright rainbow in the sky that was mistaken for a UFO.
A statue of former Watford manager Graham Taylor, who led the club to the Premier League title in 1984, is to be unveiled.
Cornish Pirates head coach Ian Davies says his side's ill-discipline cost them in their 21-9 defeat at Rotherham in the Championship play-off semi-final.
Omar Bogle missed a stoppage-time penalty as Barnet came from two goals down to earn a 2-2 draw at Blundell Park.
Sunderland striker Santiago Scocco has signed for Argentine side Newell's Old Boys.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has split the 28-nation bloc in two.
The first phase of a metro rail service in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) has been opened.
Fuel waste illegally dumped in south Armagh has been removed.
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan and all-rounder Ben Stokes have been named in the 15-man squad for the T20 Blast.
Ireland suffered a six-wicket defeat by Afghanistan in the first of the three-match Twenty20 series in India.
Two astronauts have done their first spacewalk outside the International Space Station.
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire - the sixth bird of prey to be killed in the past two months.
Two men have been jailed for selling drugs on the dark web marketplace Silk Road.
Brian O'Driscoll and Jonathan Sexton have recovered from injury to start Ireland's Test against New Zealand in Dublin.
(Close): European stock markets have risen on hopes of a deal between Greece and its creditors.
Margaret Thatcher was the prime minister of the UK for 11 years between 1979 and 1990.
The US military has condemned Russia's decision to supply surface-to-air missiles to the Syrian government.
The street artist Banksy has been accused of trolling fans after tickets for his latest show went on sale again.
Ed Miliband has resigned as Labour leader after the party's election defeat.
Four cats have died of suspected antifreeze poisoning in a week, the RSPCA has said.
The legal case brought by ex-Saracens player Marcus Willis could "set a dangerous precedent" for head injuries in rugby, say leading clubs.
Singapore retailers have been asked to remove products from Indonesian firms suspected of contributing to the haze in the city-state.
Venezuela's Vice-President, Nicolas Maduro, has given the state of the nation address, as President Hugo Chavez recovers from cancer surgery in Cuba.
The US Supreme Court will take up the issue of same-sex marriage for the first time since it ruled in 2013 that gay couples have a fundamental right to marry.
Confidence in the England team has risen ahead of their World Cup match against Italy on Thursday, according to a new study.
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as the party's candidate for the London mayoral election in May.
A widow who was at her husband's funeral has had jewellery stolen from her home after thieves broke into the house while she was at the service.
David Mullins rode Rule The World to victory in the Grand National at Aintree.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended for cycling to school on term-time.
Former world champion John Surtees says Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton should "think a little more" about the 'halo' head protection system.
A £3m project to study the effects of climate change on Wales' islands has been launched.
BBC Look North and BBC Look North East are on air seven days a week on BBC Radio Newcastle and BBC Look North East.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England international David Dunn as first-team coach.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest music awards in the world.
The Scotch whisky market remains "challenging" in China, according to the owner of some of Scotland's best-known brands, Pernod Ricard.
Rupert Murdoch's News Corp has reported a loss for the three months to the end of June as the value of its Australian newspaper business fell.
China's state-run newspapers are publishing defiant front pages in response to an international tribunal's ruling on the South China Sea.
A coroner has apologised to the parents of a premature baby who died after a feeding tube was removed from his body.
An appeal to help a BBC Radio Derby presenter with skin cancer has raised more than £50,000.
A conman who conned people out of more than £600 for World Cup tickets has been ordered to pay back the money.
The body of a young boy has been found at a house in Oxfordshire.
Charlie Gilmour, the son of Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour, was "shocked" to be seen hanging from the Cenotaph during the student fees protests, a court has heard.
A man has been jailed for life for trying to behead a man at a Poundland store he claimed was in honour of Fusilier Lee Rigby.
At least 45 people have been killed and dozens more injured in a series of bomb attacks in Iraq, officials say.
Austria has announced it will limit the number of asylum seekers it accepts and introduce daily quotas for refugees.
David Beckham's bid to launch a Major League Soccer team in Miami has moved a step closer after buying land for a new stadium.
Tippi Hedren has said Alfred Hitchcock sexually harassed her and threatened to ruin her career.
A woman believed to be the world's heaviest has been moved to a hospital in the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
A video of the Queen Mother giving a Nazi salute has been released.
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the world championship.
Last winter's floods were the "most extreme on record" in the UK, a study has found.
The birthplace of the United States of America is at the centre of a council election in which the Conservatives and UKIP are fighting for the first time.
Stan Wawrinka beat world number one Novak Djokovic in five sets to win the French Open.
A bizarre day at Scarborough saw Yorkshire bowled out on day one by Durham.
Swansea City defender Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in Saturday's draw with Sunderland.
The BBC has learned that the panel set up by the coalition government to advise on a ban on so-called legal highs in the UK - the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD) - was split on the issue.
The Royal Moroccan Football Federation (FMRFF) has banned Raja Casablanca fans for rioting after a match in the capital Rabat.
At Zimbabwe's Heroes' Day commemorations in the capital, Harare, the country's political powerbrokers are on show.
Jordan Windass is hoping to score more goals for Rangers this season after scoring his first for the club in pre-season.
A New Zealand-based company has successfully launched its first rocket from New Zealand.
Dozens of NHS consultants in the UK have been paid more than £100,000 for extra work, a BBC investigation has found.
A new way of playing rugby could help kids stay fit and healthy.
At least five people have been killed in Indonesia after the Mount Sinabung volcano in North Sumatra province erupted on Saturday.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union in a referendum that shocked the world.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared to play after his failed drugs test was dismissed by Uefa.
With the general election campaign in full swing in Wales, the BBC Wales News website looks at some of the key battleground seats.
Scotland's children's commissioner has called on the Scottish government to provide more support for families struggling to feed their children during the holidays.
A teenager with mental health problems was "failed by the system" before she was found dead at home, an inquest has heard.
A rise in the cost of a course to avoid a fixed penalty for speeding has been branded a "merry-go-round" by a drivers' group.
US military police are investigating after dozens of cadets were injured in a mass pillow fight at the US Military Academy at West Point.
Homosexuality and discrimination against people of African descent are major human rights issues in Brazil.
The original Batmobile used in the 1960s TV series Batman has sold at auction in New York for $1.8m (£1.1m).
The Home Secretary Theresa May has announced plans to make it easier to remove illegal immigrants who use public services.
In a packed auditorium in the northern Paris suburb of Saint-Etienne, a woman stood up to speak.
Defending champion Mark Selby reached the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 win over qualifier Barry O'Brien.
The funeral of a Barnsley Football Club "legend" has taken place.
One of the UK's biggest energy suppliers has been ordered to pay £2.7m in compensation to more than 100,000 customers for poor service.
Lewis Hamilton finished third in the Bahrain Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg took his third victory of the season.
A man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a man who was found dead in Windermere.
Italy striker Mario Balotelli has thanked Manchester City after completing his £16m move to AC Milan.
Shares in the world's top-selling car maker have continued to fall after the revelation that it cheated emissions tests in the US.
Defender Scott Samson has left Kilmarnock by mutual consent.
World number one Andy Murray and his wife Kim Sears are expecting their first child.
Toulon say they have made an offer to join the Premiership and play in the Super Rugby competition next season.
A bottle, a newspaper and a scroll from 1894 have been found in a time capsule which was uncovered during construction work on a bridge.
The E3 video games show in Los Angeles, America, is the place to be if you want to find out more about virtual reality.
A Chinese woman's claim that her husband had divorced her because of her "fat face" has gone viral on Chinese social media after she sued a hospital for compensation.
The Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, has warned US President-elect Donald Trump against moving the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with hare coursing in Dalkeith.
The six authors shortlisted for the first International Dylan Thomas Prize have been announced.
Tens of thousands of South Africans are marching in the capital, Pretoria, calling for President Jacob Zuma to step down.
Former Energy Secretary Chris Huhne was given a pass to the Houses of Parliament while he was in prison for speeding, a Freedom of Information request has revealed.
A torpedo tube was accidentally punctured at the Devonport naval base, nuclear regulators have said.
A man has been cleared of sexually abusing boys in Nottingham.
Microsoft is launching a version of Minecraft that will be used by schools around the world.
Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane says he is keen to return to club management after agreeing a new contract with manager Martin O'Neill.
Head coach Paul Trollope says Cardiff City are willing to listen to offers for "a few" players.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said the UK's banks will be affected by the EU referendum.
The European Council President Donald Tusk's draft guidelines for the UK's negotiations to leave the EU have been published, and the European Council President has rejected the prime minister's plan to start talks on the UK's withdrawal from the EU at the same time.
Three teenage boys have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Dumbarton in which four teenagers were injured.
A fire at a derelict pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff is being treated as suspicious.
Universities are concerned about the number of websites offering students custom-written essays in return for a fee.
A man accused of plotting to behead a police officer in a so-called Islamic State (IS) attack posted a photo of the officer on a messaging service, a court has heard.
Plans to erect wind turbines at Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire golf resort have been submitted.
The battle to retake the Iraqi city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) is "almost over" and the group's leadership in the city is "melting away".
Mame Biram Diouf's late equaliser earned Stoke City a point at Chelsea in the Premier League.
A man who was injured at a travellers' site in Dorset has died in hospital.
The first acts have been announced for this year's Wickerman Festival in Perthshire.
More than half of Scotland's high street banks are to close by the end of the year, according to a BBC Scotland investigation.
New rules to prevent big banks from being "too big to fail" have been unveiled in the UK and around the world.
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the three months to the end of June, official figures have shown.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in Aberdeen has been named by police.
Chinese shares led gains in Asia on Monday after the country's trade data for March came in weaker than expected.
India's 500 and 1,000 rupee notes will no longer be legal tender from midnight, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said.
Police believe a sexual assault in Bournemouth could be linked to two similar attacks in the city.
David Haye and Tony Bellew clashed at the final news conference before their heavyweight bout on Saturday.
The search is continuing for two British climbers missing on France's highest mountain.
Parents will soon be able to tell their teenagers to slow down when they're behind the wheel of a new car.
A new species of reptile has been found in the fossilised footprints of animals that walked on four legs about 250 million years ago.
Kent chairman John Kennedy is to step down from the county at the end of March.
An Indian airline has banned a lawmaker from the right-wing Shiv Sena party after he slapped a staff member on a flight.
The deadly attack on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris has shocked the world.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said he wants to meet US President-elect Donald Trump.
Being overweight in late adolescence increases the risk of developing bowel cancer later in life, a study has suggested.
Former prime minister Tony Blair has said the Labour Party is in danger of "not asking the right questions".
A "posh" Victorian privy has been restored to its former glory and is now "one of the poshest outdoor privies in the country".
President Hassan Rouhani has been a key figure in Iran's political life since the revolution in 1979, and has been a key player in the country's nuclear deal with world powers
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father Bob would have been "ecstatic" about his country reaching the Euro 2016 semi-finals.
Urgent care units at three hospitals have been temporarily closed at night to save money.
In the olden days of the BBC's Moscow bureau, when I was a young journalist in the 1990s, I used to spend a lot of time in the corridors of power in the Kremlin, trying to find out what the Russians thought about the world.
Commuters in London are spending the longest commute times in England and Wales, a study has found.
Calls have been made for pet owners to be notified when their animals are killed by street cleaners in Wales.
The 3D printing revolution is making a big impact on the world of manufacturing, with companies such as 3D Systems, Stratasys and Arcam launching new products.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is keen to sign a new contract with the Premier League champions.
The shoe retailer Brantano has been placed into administration.
A man who admitted killing his parents with an axe and scissors in County Donegal was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time, a court has heard.
Borussia Dortmund lost the German Cup final to Wolfsburg in front of a sell-out Borussia Monchengladbach crowd in Berlin.
The mother of a girl who killed herself has said she is "appalled" a report into her daughter's death will not be published.
Google has released a preview of the next version of its Android operating system (OS).
The search for the next music director of the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra has ended in deadlock.
St Peter's of Wexford beat St Mary's of Derry 2-13 to 1-11 in the semi-final of the Hogan Cup in Monaghan.
Aldershot Town have appointed former boss Gary Waddock as their new manager.
The Conservatives have said that if they win the election, they would cap the charges of the big six energy suppliers.
The 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil begin on Friday, 7 August, with the opening ceremony taking place at the Maracana Stadium.
A man is in an induced coma after being found unconscious on a country road.
The two candidates in Argentina's presidential election will face each other in a run-off after failing to win an outright majority in the first round.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted a "breakthrough" in May's assembly elections.
Campaigners have criticised plans to demolish Jersey Airport's Art Deco terminal as part of a £20m redevelopment of the site.
League One side Southend United have signed former Charlton Athletic striker George Taft on a two-year deal.
A 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol is a key part of the city's plans to boost the economy, the Liberal Democrats are to say.
In the mountains of north-west Colombia, in a remote corner of the Uraba region, in the department of Antioquia, a series of wooden huts are hidden from view.
The owners of a golf course in the Highlands have said a dog is to blame for a sinkhole that opened up last month.
The supermarket giant Tesco has reported a fall in annual pre-tax profits to £1.1bn after taking a hit from its settlement with regulators over its accounting practices.
Mansfield Town have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Luke Oliver on a deal until the end of the season.
Russia has promised to look after a Polish journalist's cat when he is expelled from the country.
The UN human rights team has accused the Venezuelan security forces of using excessive force against protesters, including firing tear gas and buckshot.
A new constellation of Earth observation satellites has returned its first images of the planet.
A terminally-ill World War Two veteran has been awarded France's highest military honour after a delay.
League Two Grimsby Town have signed Mansfield Town striker Jamie Proctor.
Cutting the number of councils in Wales is not an option unless they are prepared to dismantle local government, the Welsh Labour assembly group leader has said.
London Irish hooker Fraser Balmain has been banned for two weeks after pleading guilty to striking an opponent with his elbow.
Social media firms in Iran have been ordered to provide the government with access to users' private messages.
Olympic sailing champion Ben Ainslie has launched a new team to challenge for the America's Cup.
The next time you try to log on to a tablet or smartphone with a password made of letters or numbers, you might want to think again.
A 25-year-old man has died after an assault outside a pub in Grimsby.
China has said Japan's new security laws breach the country's pacifist constitution.
Chelsea missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as Southampton came from two goals down to snatch a point against Rafael Benitez's side.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young will miss Ireland's two one-day internationals against Sri Lanka next month because of a hamstring injury.
A fossil that was mistaken for a copy of a new species of reptile in a museum has been identified as a new species of ichthyosaur.
Britain's Katie Archibald won her second gold medal at the Track World Cup in Hong Kong with victory in the women's scratch race.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches in 2016-17 was the highest since the 2008-09 season.
London's Alexandra Palace has launched a campaign to raise £20m to restore the Grade II-listed theatre.
A sinkhole has opened up on a golf course in Thailand.
A "significant" number of duplicate applications to register to vote in the general election are likely to have been submitted, the electoral watchdog has said.
Glasgow Flyers will play in the British Basketball League Play-offs after finishing fifth in the BBL Elite League.
Juan Matavesi's late try earned Ospreys a draw against Racing 92 in the European Champions Cup.
A terminally-ill five-year-old boy who has received thousands of Christmas cards from well-wishers has died.
The 2022 World Cup in Qatar should be played in November and December, a Fifa taskforce has recommended.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 share index closed down 0.4% at 6,917.
A County Down woman has finished second in a competition to become the voice of the BT speaking clock.
New Chelsea boss Antonio Conte's predecessor Giampiero Ventura has been appointed as Italy coach for Euro 2016.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has said she will continue to fight for "justice" for her son.
National League side Cheltenham Town have signed midfielder Romain Atangana on a two-year deal.
England batsman Nick Compton says he is an "intense performer" on and off the field.
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oklahoma charged with the murder of an Australian student.
Imagine waking up to a surprise guest at your school.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup with a knee injury.
bola and the ice bucket challenge were the most popular searches on Google in the UK in 2014.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gavin Cattle says his side will have to improve after their 63-0 win over Stade Francais in the European Challenge Cup.
A woman paralysed from the chest down is to get married.
Israel's Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, has ordered a review of all ties with the United Nations within a month.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania breached the rights of former PresidentMindaugas Paksas when he was barred from running for office in 2004.
Arsenal secured their first Premier League win of the season with victory at Watford.
The Met Office has warned of heavy rain affecting parts of south and west Wales on Monday.
More than half a million women in the UK have suffered a miscarriage in the past five years, according to new figures.
A law firm hired by the Cerberus investment fund to help it buy Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio claimed it could get access to the Northern Ireland Executive, a committee has heard.
Ayr United moved up to ninth in the Scottish Championship with victory at Dunfermline Athletic.
A former first minister has revealed he fell down a drain in Malawi.
A prisoner has died at HMP Elmley, the Prison Officers' Association has said.
A convicted fraudster who conned his way out of prison by posing as a police officer has admitted escape.
Two police chief executives have been given unlawful pension payments by two councils, the auditor general has said.
A driver has been caught driving at 101mph on the M62 motorway in East Yorkshire.
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) has ruled that EU citizens living in the UK should be given the right to stay after the UK leaves the EU.
Carry On and EastEnders star Barbara Windsor has died.
Virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) headsets can be used to create 3D virtual worlds.
Students at Welsh universities have the highest satisfaction in the UK, according to a national survey.
Hundreds of thousands of people are heading to Cologne for the city's carnival, a year after a spate of sex attacks in the city on New Year's Eve.
The Northern Ireland Assembly's Presiding Officer, John O'Dowd, has defended the use of taxpayers' money.
A black woman has said she was refused entry to a Nottingham nightclub because of her skin colour.
Thousands of children in foster care in Scotland are struggling to find a stable home, according to a new report.
Three men who tackled a burglar have been given bravery awards by police.
EU nationals living in London should be offered visas to stay after Brexit, the London Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) has said.
Derby County captain Richard Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Workers at drinks giant Diageo in Scotland have voted in favour of strike action in a row over pensions.
Translink has said that the first of two new trains due to arrive in Northern Ireland later this month will return to service on Wednesday.
Female Muslim clerics in Indonesia have issued a fatwa - or religious edict - against child marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for the country's professional sport to be suspended because of the country's economic crisis.
Boris Johnson has said the UK has a "big opportunity" to remain in the single market after Brexit.
The organisers of the Rock am Ring music festival in western Germany say it has been cancelled after 36 people were injured by a lightning strike on Saturday.
India's parliament has passed a bill to increase the maximum sentence for juvenile offenders to 16 years in jail.
Four people have appeared in court charged with disposing of the body parts of murdered teenager Becky Watts.
The mother of a boy who was removed from an EasyJet flight at Gatwick Airport has called for an overhaul of the airline's booking system.
A charity has paid tribute to a woman who campaigned against polio 50 years ago.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been persuaded to withdraw his resignation, the party has said.
Plans for a new country park at a former coal mine site in Derbyshire have been approved.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has asked the UK's highest court to reinstate a ruling that it failed in its duty to stop loyalist flag protests in Belfast in 2012.
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls has backed the government's fiscal charter, which commits the next government to balance the books by 2017/18.
A 15-year-old boy has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
A report into the case of a man stabbed to death in a Newport hostel has been published after the family of the victim fought to see it.
Lancashire and Somerset had to settle for a draw in Division One of the County Championship after rain prevented any play on the final day.
More than a third of secondary schools in England are under-performing, figures show.
A woman who painted red and white stripes on her west London house has gone to the High Court in a bid to have it demolished.
The US Department of Defence has said it will recall nearly all of its civilian employees who had stopped work due to the government shutdown.
Hill ponies on Dartmoor should be sold as meat, campaigners have said.
Brazil's largest airline, Latam, has said it is suspending its flights to Venezuela.
Eight men have been charged with causing the deaths of four people in a car crash in West Yorkshire.
Spanish police have raided a jewellery shop in Barcelona and arrested a suspected member of the notorious Pink Panther gang.
League One strugglers Rochdale survived a late Scunthorpe fightback to claim a 3-2 win at Spotland.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire Council are to vote on the future of a £110m contract to repair council buildings.
Indian Merchant Navy captain Radhika Menon has won a prestigious award for saving the lives of 12 fishermen.
England's final-day collapse in the fourth Test against India in Chennai was one of the greatest in the history of Test cricket.
Newsround has been talking to kids about bullying and how to stop it.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new contract to keep him at The Oval until the end of the 2018 season.
Cameroon were knocked out of the Confederations Cup as Germany reached the semi-finals with a 3-1 win in Sochi.
The UK's defence spending will rise every year, the defence secretary has said, as he announced a new fleet of patrol boats for the Royal Navy.
A £500m contract to build trains for the HS2 high-speed rail line has been launched.
The Republic of Ireland's National Asset Management Agency (NAMA) is to sell off loans worth about £15m to Northern Ireland banks.
Former Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman has said the EU guarantees women's rights to equal pay, sexual harassment and maternity leave.
A woman told her Staffordshire bull terrier to attack a woman in Aberdeen, a court has heard.
A 17-year-old boy arrested after two teenagers died in a car crash in Rhondda Cynon Taff will face no further action.
England have named three uncapped players in their squad for the 2017 Six Nations.
The last days of the woolly mammoth, the Asiatic cheetah and the mountain gorilla may have been their last days.
Actor Robert Johnson has died at the age of 86.
Police have said a woman who was raped in Belfast city centre was raped by a man she met on a dating website.
trenches and tunnels used by World War One soldiers have been uncovered in Wiltshire.
A mosaic of thousands of bulbs has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War Two food aid campaign.
Controversial plans to limit the number of fast food restaurants near schools in Kent have been approved.
Toymaker Lego has ended its promotional deal with the Daily Mail after pressure from the campaign group Stop Funding Hate.
A drug used to treat skin cancer has been found to reactivate latent HIV in the body, US scientists say.
A man accused of trying to buy the poison ricin on the dark net watched the TV series Breaking Bad, a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its assembly election campaign, accusing Labour of "failing Wales".
The Essex town of Harlow is celebrating its 70th birthday.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says the club are in talks to sign "four or five international players".
Captain Giorgos Karagounis has retired from international football after Greece's exit from the World Cup in Brazil.
A late Chris Baird goal gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish Challenge Cup.
A motocross rider has pulled off one of the stunts of the year - a 360 degree wheelie!
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Motherwell to protest against the closure of Tata Steel's Lanarkshire plants.
Two of the UK's biggest vlogging stars have told Newsbeat they're against plans to make YouTube videos more transparent about sponsored content.
The mother of a six-year-old boy with severe autism has said she fears other families will be left in the same situation as hers because of a shortage of special school places.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal to end months of protests over his shelving of a trade deal with the EU.
Illustration by Laurent Sanguinetti.
An investigation into historical child abuse at children's homes in north Wales has been widened to include all of the region's care homes.
A man has been found dead at a flat in Edinburgh.
The British and Irish Lions wing George North and centre Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the tour of New Zealand.
Reading midfielder Andriy Ryals has signed for Polish side Lech Poznan on a season-long loan deal.
Singer Lana Del Rey is in London's Broadcasting House.
The US is once again in the midst of protests over police shootings of unarmed black people.
Some unregistered schools are still operating in England, the schools watchdog says.
The Women's Super League One winter transfer window closed on Monday, 1 March, but the Women's Super League One Spring Series is still in full swing.
British number four Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play for Slovenia at the Olympics in Tokyo in 2020.
Spain's Joaquim Rodriguez says he will retire from cycling after the Olympics next year.
A disabled woman who was made redundant from a north Belfast community group has been awarded £20,000 in damages.
The EU referendum campaign is in full swing.
Guy Martin will miss this year's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod as he continues his recovery from a broken leg.
Leeds United chairman Steve Raynor says owner Massimo Cellino has been "positive" despite a protest at Elland Road.
In London's Hyde Park in the summer of 2010, Sarah Black was running with a group of friends.
Jamie Dickens will fight WBA super-bantamweight champion Guillermo Rigondeaux for the vacant title at the Echo Arena on Saturday.
The Irish Certificate of Irish Heritage scheme is to close on 24 August.
About 200 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Dumfries and Galloway.
Joseph Parker retained his WBO heavyweight title with a unanimous points win over Razvan Cojanu.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of dramatic reversals on foreign policy on his first full day in the White House.
Champion jockey AP McCoy won the Queen Mother Champion Chase at the Cheltenham Festival on Don Poli.
Wales rugby player Liam Williams has apologised after a photo of him dressed as a black footballer was posted on social media.
A man who complained on Facebook that his name was "offensive" to the social network, Phuc Bich, has changed his name to Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc Phuc
Supermarket giant Tesco has bought the Giraffe restaurant chain for an undisclosed sum.
A taxi driver's photographs of festival-goers in his cab are to go on display at an exhibition in Edinburgh.
The bodies of 12 Syrian migrants have been found washed up on a beach in Turkey.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal said his side's 2-1 defeat by Anderlecht was down to "headlines".
Trading standards in the UK are "weak as its weakest link", the BBC has been told.
Three women have been charged in connection with a charity fundraising scam in Cardiff.
Prospective Portsmouth owner Michael Eisner is keen to appoint a chief executive at Fratton Park.
Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) and the International Rescue Committee (IRC) have condemned the deaths of three migrants at a camp on the Greek island of Lesbos.
The complete skeleton of a Stegosaurus, one of the giants of the dinosaur world, is being reconstructed.
A former Volkswagen executive has pleaded guilty in the US over the German carmaker's emissions-rigging scandal.
Cancers caused by infections are the biggest and preventable causes of cancer worldwide, say experts.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working together to tackle the threat of British jihadists travelling to Syria and Iraq.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to Newsround about his time in space.
BBC Radio 1 is introducing a " subs bench" of five new presenters to mark the station's 50th anniversary.
Rescuers are continuing to try to save more sperm whales stranded on a beach in Northumberland.
As the Saudi-led coalition carrying out air strikes against Shia Houthi rebels in Yemen continues its bombing campaign, the BBC's Paul Carter looks at the challenges facing the Saudis.
When BBC Radio 4 asked me to produce a new half-hour programme about love, I knew it would be a challenge.
The maker of Irn Bru, AG Barr, is to reduce the sugar content of the iconic Scottish soft drink.
Facebook will keep a billionaire investor on its board despite his involvement in a legal battle with the news site Gawker.
The Museum of London has launched a crowdfunding campaign to rebuild a robot that has been missing for 80 years.
A newspaper advert in El Salvador's capital, San Salvador, is urging people to be on the lookout for gang members with links to Mexico's drug cartels.
UK Sport is to increase its funding for winter sports after Great Britain's best-ever Winter Olympics.
Elite League leaders Cardiff Storm beat Manchester Storm.
The former director of public prosecutions has said drivers who kill cyclists should face prosecution.
The girlfriend of Moors Murderer Ian Brady will not face charges over claims she helped him bury one of his victims.
Portsmouth began their League Two campaign with a 1-1 draw against 10-man Carlisle at Fratton Park.
Physicists have measured the distorted shape of the electron at the Large Hadron Collider.
The right of MPs to speak in Parliament without fear of prosecution should not be extended to the media, the Attorney General has said.
A teenager who suffered "life-changing" injuries when he fell from a college roof was probably not responsible for his actions, a judge has ruled.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the opening stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish crashed.
A parking company has been accused of changing the time on photos of cars parked in car parks.
Designs are to be drawn up for a £110m project to improve one of Glasgow's busiest roads.
South Africa's Ladysmith Black Mambazo and Mali's Salif Keita have joined forces to record a song in response to recent attacks on foreigners in South Africa.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire.
The row over the Welsh government's proposed cuts to university funding has been rumbling on for a few weeks now, but the latest row over the draft budget has not gone away.
Chris Packham has been cleared of breaching the BBC's guidelines over a hunting row in BBC Radio 4's Countryfile magazine.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 1-0 to take a 2-1 lead in the World Series.
A fundraising page set up by former Emmerdale actress Alison Bracknell to pay for treatment for terminal lung cancer has raised more than £300,000.
Leonardo Ulloa's injury-time penalty earned 10-man Leicester a point against West Ham and kept them seven points clear of Tottenham at the top of the Premier League.
The world's second-largest economy and the world's most populous country, China has been a key player in the development of the modern world.
A street party to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday is to be held on the forecourt of Buckingham Palace.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
Scientists in the US have developed an algorithm to help robots avoid falling.
In the wake of the migrant crisis in Calais, calls have been made for the UK to introduce a national identity card scheme.
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says he is looking forward to his first meeting with the players on 20 June.
The US investigation into corruption at Fifa is "not limited", US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland is unlikely to succeed Stuart Lancaster as England head coach, says former Wales captain Gareth Thomas.
US President Donald Trump has accused former FBI director James Comey of lying to Congress.
Former Respect MP George Galloway has been reported to police for allegedly discussing voting in the Bradford West by-election.
A road closed after a landslide on the Isle of Wight is to be resurfaced.
At the E3 video games show in Los Angeles, Mexican wrestling fans were treated to the launch of the first official video game dedicated to the sport.
A man has been jailed for eight months for stealing money raised for a cancer charity in memory of a boy who died of the disease.
Former cabinet minister Joe Hockey has been appointed as Australia's new ambassador to the United States.
Economy Minister Simon Hamilton has outlined a plan to deal with the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham in 1991 believe he was killed by a digger.
A man has been seriously injured after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell carded a second successive two-over-par 72 in the second round of the Qatar Masters.
Love locks placed on a bridge have been removed because they are starting to rust.
Lewis Hamilton says he will "give it everything" to win a fourth world title if he fails to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to the title.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found injured in a car in Oxford.
A dog has died after falling into the River Tay in Perthshire.
Police in the Australian state of Victoria have warned of a "clown purge" in the wake of the US "killer clown" craze.
Durham Jets earned their first win of the T20 Blast North Group campaign by beating Leicestershire by one wicket in a dramatic finish in Grace Road.
South Africa bowled India out for 229 on the first day of the fourth and final Test.
The number of people switching their energy supplier has hit a record high, with more people switching to the cheapest deal.
Girls in the UK are less physically active than boys, a study of seven-year-olds suggests.
A class of drugs used to treat osteoporosis may increase the risk of bone fractures, a study suggests.
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season from Dundee United.
Hundreds of homes in Greater Manchester are still without power after the weekend's floods.
Cash will no longer be accepted on all Transport for London (TfL) buses from Monday.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches at Myreside next season.
Scottish department store chain Watt's has announced plans to create up to 500 new jobs by opening seven new stores.
It's that time of the year when you're trying to improve your health and fitness, and you're determined to stick to it.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has said he is "profoundly sorry" for the way the force failed the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster.
The hard shoulder of the M6 has reopened following a fatal crash.
The search area for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been discounted as the final resting place, officials say.
Clyde, Annan Athletic, Elgin City and Annan Athletic began the Scottish League Two season with wins.
Adults in Scotland voted to stay in the European Union (EU).
A music teacher raped a student at a Manchester school, a court has heard.
China's oil imports from Iran surged in May, despite a dispute with the US over Tehran's nuclear programme.
A sawmill operator has not "pulled the wool over the eyes" of the Welsh Government over a £39m deal, the forestry minister has told AMs.
Council tax in England and Wales will have to rise by an average of 3.9% over the next five years, the Local Government Association (LGA) has said.
The story of how seven-year-old Yamato Tanooka went missing from his home in the mountains of Hokkaido on Saturday was a simple one.
It has been a strange week in the world of cricket reporting for BBC Sport.
The double Olympic champion Mo Farah has given Newsround his top tips for young athletes.
UKIP leadership candidate Raheem Kassam has launched his campaign to become the party's next leader.
Former Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Bertie Ahern has said a hard border with the UK after Brexit will have to be re-introduced.
A plaque honouring Merseyside workers who died in the Spanish Civil War has been unveiled in north London.
A woman has been shot dead by a gunman on a pedal cycle.
The Channel Tunnel has become a symbol of the UK's relationship with the rest of the world.
The leader of a separatist movement in Pakistan's restive Balochistan province has said he is prepared to hold peace talks with the government.
David Cameron's EU summit this week is shaping up to be one of the most important in his political career, with the prime minister expected to announce the government's official position on the referendum.
Peru's jailed former President Alberto Fujimori has announced he will set up his own Facebook and Twitter accounts.
Boys in Wales should be vaccinated against a cancer-causing sexually transmitted infection, campaigners have said.
A sippy cup for a boy who does not drink has been found after a father's appeal on Twitter went viral.
Goals from Sone Aluko and Tom Cairney earned Fulham their first away win of the season at Brentford.
French President Francois Hollande has reappointed Jean-Marc Ayrault, 60, as foreign minister.
A man who "sleepwalked" in Manchester city centre has been praised by police for "proper somnambulism".
The Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, will be kicking off this weekend.
New Wycombe Wanderers signing Adebayo Akinfenwa was sent off in a friendly against French side Le Havre.
A US congressman from Philadelphia, Chaka Fattah, has been found guilty of misusing more than $1m (£660,000) in federal and charitable funds.
Great Britain should win at least six medals at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics, UK Sport has said.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has submitted a new proposal to the UK Treasury on the fiscal framework for new devolved powers.
Jack Southwell's stoppage-time goal earned Wycombe a 1-0 win over Stevenage at Adams Park.
A teenager who killed a 15-year-old boy at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years.
Four Northern Ireland rowers have qualified for the finals at the European Rowing Championships in Racice.
US tennis star Venus Williams has been involved in a car accident in which a 78-year-old man died, police say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Sharmila Tagore looks at the growing popularity of chess boxing in India.
A fund to save one of the world's largest radio telescopes searching for signs of alien life has been raised.
Two newly-elected Scottish Conservative MSPs have said the UK should leave the EU in the referendum on 23 June.
A man who climbed on the roof of a church in Edinburgh was "very, very drunk", a court has heard.
Labour's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) has failed to agree a plan to limit the influence of Jeremy Corbyn.
misogyny hate crime is to be recorded by a police force for the first time.
The headline figure in a BBC Spotlight opinion poll on the prospect of a border poll in Northern Ireland is striking.
An Iranian couple who were part of a group of refugees transferred to Cambodia from Australia's offshore detention centre on Nauru have returned to Iran.
A cafe sign in the town where murdered schoolgirl April Jones was abducted has been branded "shocking" and "ridiculous".
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for six years for encouraging support for so-called Islamic State.
A five-year-old boy who died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot has been named asJac Davies.
Technology giant Apple has raised $9bn (£5.4bn) by selling bonds to help it return cash to shareholders.
A Kent hospital trust has been placed in special measures after inspectors found staff shortages in A&E and children's care.
China has reacted angrily after US President-elect Donald Trump questioned the "One China" policy.
A "baby hatches" in southern China has temporarily closed to new babies after a surge in the number of abandoned infants.
A man who died trying to rescue a friend from the sea at a beach where five other men died died died from drowning, an inquest has heard.
So what is the fiscal lock in the Labour Party's general election manifesto?
The family of a man missing in Peru are to fly to the country to try to find him.
Peruvian President Ollanta Humala has said his government has begun to lay the groundwork for a "great transformation" in the country, a year after taking office.
A man has been rescued after falling into the sea off Bangor in the early hours of Sunday morning.
A brewery's decision to ban bikers from a pub car park is not discrimination, a solicitor has said.
Leeds Rhinos bounced back from their defeat at Magic Weekend with a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves at Headingley.
Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to seven points with a 4-2 win over 10-man East Fife.
A multi-million pound shopping centre car park is to be rebuilt after a decade of delays.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of 70 jobs, with production moving to Ireland.
John McKelvie has resigned from the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA).
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed a pact to strengthen co-operation.
The death of a baby girl who was mauled to death by an illegal breed of dog could have been prevented, a report has found.
England women's head coach Mark Sampson has named his squad for two friendlies in January against Norway and Sweden.
The UK is to vote on whether to remain in or leave the European Union in a referendum on 23 June.
The leader of Morocco's main opposition movement has told the BBC that turnout in Sunday's referendum on a new constitution was low.
Kevin Pietersen made his second T20 Blast century in two games for South Africa's Dolphins as he hit an unbeaten 109 against the Knights.
A former Ulster Unionist minister is backing a legal challenge to the UK leaving the EU.
Talks are being held in Northern Ireland to try to resolve the political crisis in the country.
The water lilies in Claude Monet's famous Water Lilies series could have been poisoned by cattle, according to a new exhibition at the Royal Academy of Arts.
A tree shop owner whose business was destroyed in a fire started by an exploding box of Christmas lights has spoken of his "horrendous" ordeal.
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the Shoreham air disaster site have been sacked for gross misconduct.
Goals from Demarai Gray, Islam Slimani and Ahmed Musa saw Leicester City progress to the fourth round of the EFL Cup at Sheffield United's expense.
Some hospitals in Wales may have to screen patients for signs of a potentially life-threatening condition.
Comedian Robin Williams' wife and children have appeared in court in a dispute over the late comedian's estate.
A 32-year-old man who registered more than 2,000 false births has been jailed for two years for fraudulently claiming more than £24,000 in benefits.
British astronaut Luca Parmitano has returned to Earth.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Maidstone.
The UK arms trade to Saudi Arabia is lawful, the High Court has ruled.
England collapsed to a six-wicket defeat by India A in the second one-day international in Mumbai.
The world's biggest cruise ship operator, Carnival, has reported a rise in profits, despite a drop in passenger numbers.
Uruguay says it will begin selling marijuana in pharmacies in July.
A woman who lost a friend in a factory fire which killed four people has been awarded an MBE.
People in Bristol have been complaining about the smell of vinegar.
If "massive cuts" in the public sector are made in the spending review, Oxfordshire's private sector will suffer, a business figure has warned.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in Toronto.
Timo Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig beat Mainz to move level on points with Bayern Munich at the top of the Bundesliga.
The UK's broadband minister, Tristram Hunt, has said the UK's current broadband speeds are "not fast enough".
Some parts of the world are failing to provide enough laboratory testing for HIV, say World Health Organization (WHO) experts.
Scotland goalkeeper Anna Fay retired from international football after the 2015 Women's World Cup.
Crawley Town have signed former West Brom defender James Hurst.
Leinster secured their place in the Pro12 play-offs with victory over Edinburgh at Murrayfield.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to scrap the cap on the amount of benefits a family can claim.
Bosses have been urged not to "spy on" staff by reading private messages on work email accounts.
One of the cheetahs fitted with a tracking collar in Botswana has been shot dead, conservationists say.
Funding cuts to social care services for older and disabled people are "unsustainable", council leaders have warned.
Lee McCulloch has agreed to join Kilmarnock.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says the Championship club need to do business "straight away" in the transfer window.
Widnes Vikings forward Ben Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
League One side Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder Aaron MacDonald on a season-long loan deal.
Inspectors have found "unacceptable" standards of care at Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary for dementia patients.
Referee Kevin Friend will miss his next two games after collapsing in the dugout during Saturday's Premier League match between Bournemouth and Southampton.
The tiny Central American nation of Belize is one of the world's smallest countries, with a population of 324,000.
A woman accused of having sex with a 15-year-old boy has been found not guilty.
A trial of a cannabis-derived treatment for children with severe forms of epilepsy has begun in the UK.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has been warned that a regional military force could intervene militarily if he refuses to step down.
The Easter holidays are usually a time of year when schools in Northern Ireland take a break from teaching.
The Irish media have welcomed a High Court judge's clarification that comments made by a TD (member of the Irish parliament) in the Dil (parliament) about the billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien could not be reported.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Adam MacGillivray on a one-year deal.
Oil and gas explorer BG Group has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
An "urgent" campaign is needed to boost tourism in flood-hit Cumbria after a "worrying" fall in forward bookings, a tourism boss has said.
Fleetwood Town ended Scunthorpe United's seven-game unbeaten run in League One.
As the search for survivors of the Nepal earthquake continues, medical teams are arriving in the capital, Kathmandu.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels are "desperately looking for him" after the terror attacks in the city.
Former leading female Flat jockey Hayley Turner says female jockeys need to "train harder" to break into the sport.
BP has announced plans to cut about 600 jobs in the North Sea.
Human remains found in a New Mexico river have been identified as a US treasure hunter who went missing while searching for a hidden treasure.
A man has died after a two-car crash on the A1 in County Down on Saturday night.
She was a ballet dancer, a hammer thrower and a British hammer record holder.
Transformers: Age of Extinction has topped the US and Canada box office for the fourth weekend in a row, despite a lacklustre Independence Day weekend.
A dog has been rescued after falling down a cliff in Devon.
The sister of a cyclist who was killed in east London has appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Hosting the Rugby World Cup has generated an estimated £43m for the North East economy, organisers have said.
Cardiff City and Bristol City played out a goalless draw in the Welsh derby at Cardiff City Stadium.
A group of bearded dragons found abandoned in a cardboard box in Swansea have found new homes at an animalarium in Caerphilly county.
Newport County boosted their League Two survival hopes with victory over play-off hopefuls Mansfield Town.
A man has been jailed for helping a woman dispose of a murder victim's body in a park.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
The future of the Scottish Football Association's performance schools programme is in the hands of new boss Stewart McClair.
Claude Monet's painting The Nympheas has sold at auction in London for £31.7m - a record for the artist's work.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate and title rival Lewis Hamilton to victory in the Singapore Grand Prix.
Graeme McDowell, the man who won the Ryder Cup for Europe at Gleneagles two years ago, was in a good mood at Royal Aberdeen on Thursday.
Drugmakers Pfizer and Flynn Pharma abused a dominant position to charge the NHS more for a cholesterol-lowering drug, the competition watchdog has said.
The Tanzania Football Federation (TFF) has submitted an application to Fifa to become a member of world football's governing body, Zanzibar Football Association president Ali Mohamed Malinzi has announced.
Audi will withdraw from the Le Mans 24 Hours and join the Formula E series in 2018.
About 200 homes in Bournemouth have been left without water after a burst water main.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to promise to restore working families' tax credits if her party wins the Holyrood election.
Bristol City midfielder Marko Arnautovic is back in training.
Eight months after Iraq's parliamentary elections, the country's political parties are still struggling to form a government.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for wind in Scotland.
Divers in Israel have found a haul of gold coins believed to be from the Caliphate of Egypt in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Caesarea.
Former Australian tennis player Nick Lindahl has been banned for seven years for match-fixing.
The furore over the chief executive of British Airways, Willie Walsh, who was paid £9.6m last year, is the latest in a long line of controversies over executive pay.
Vocational colleges in the West Midlands are trying to help thousands of students who are struggling to get good GCSEs in key subjects.
Police are investigating after a newborn baby girl was found abandoned in Tallaght, Dublin.
A Singaporean couple's wedding photo shoot, in which they posed in coffins, has gone viral on social media.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's second-half header earned Birmingham a point at Huddersfield Town.
Former Doctor Who actress Jessica Johnston is to join the cast of Downton Abbey for the fifth series of the ITV drama.
The dramatic fall in the oil price has been a shock to the global economy, and the fall in oil prices has been particularly dramatic in Russia, where the rouble has fallen to a record low against the dollar.
Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner has been fined by his German club Wolfsburg for failing to turn up to training on time on Monday.
A World War Two machine used to code messages has been found in a shed in Essex, but a key part is still missing.
Ten arts projects are to be announced on Wednesday as part of the UK-India Year of Culture.
An education watchdog has criticised a chain of academies run by a former government adviser.
Leicester City have signed France defender Anthony Reveillere on a deal until the end of the season.
The US-based Transparency International (TI) has warned that a plan to restrict access to personal property data in Russia could make it harder to tackle corruption.
Nato and Russia have "profound and persistent differences" on the Ukraine conflict, after the first meeting of the Nato-Russia Council in more than two years.
Mobile phone jamming equipment is to be installed in Scottish prisons, Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill has announced.
At least three people have been killed in "epic" floods in the US state of Louisiana.
Captain Tammie Sutton has become the first female chief pilot in Australia.
A fake BBC news story has been circulating on social media in Kenya.
Brazil's acting President Michel Temer has condemned the gang rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro in a video that went viral.
Conservationists are opposing plans for a new golf course in Sutherland.
Google has officially opened its new headquarters in London's Docklands, with plans to create thousands of new jobs in the UK.
A 4,000-year-old shelter has been found at a site near Stonehenge in Wiltshire.
A chronology of key events:
Crystal Palace have agreed a £22.5m deal to sign Liverpool's Christian Benteke.
An 86-year-old woman who moved to Australia after the death of her son in the Highlands is facing deportation back to the UK.
A major shopping complex in County Tyrone has been badly damaged by flooding after heavy rain.
The first meeting of the task force set up to try to save the steel industry in Scotland has been held.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has retired from professional cricket at the age of 31.
A newborn baby girl who was found abandoned at a bus stop in north Wales is in a critical condition in hospital.
The return of Hearts to the Premiership is a boost for Scottish football, according to SPFL chief executive Neil Doncaster.
Funding for Welsh universities is "critical" to the future of the country, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Athletic head coach Guy Luzon says he is not concerned about his future at the Championship club.
Foreign companies in China are being "bullied and harassed" by the government, according to the author and former BBC China correspondent, Paul McGregor.
Wales secured their place in the Euro 2016 finals with victory over the Republic of Ireland in Cardiff on Saturday.
More than half of working families with children would be unable to cover their housing costs for more than a month if they lost a job, a survey by the Shelter charity suggests.
The amount of money spent using contactless payments in the UK more than doubled last year, figures show.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash in Gwynedd on Saturday have said they are "heartbroken".
The battle to retake the Iraqi city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS) is "far from over", a US military spokesman has said.
Isabelle Linden scored on her Women's Super League One debut to earn Birmingham City Ladies a draw at Reading.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been cleared to play for England's Under-21 side at the European Championships in the summer.
The UK's inflation rate rose in January, helped by the fall in oil prices, official figures show.
Great Britain's Aled Davies and Georgie Hermitage won gold medals on the final day of the European Para-athletics Championships in Monza.
Work to improve a hairpin bend on the A9 at Berriedale Braes is expected to start in 2018, the Scottish government has said.
Barnsley head coach Paul Heckingbottom says he is not considering defender Yiadom Agyemang-Badu for Tuesday's EFL Cup tie against Manchester United until his future with the club is resolved.
A poster campaign for the Cardiff Metro has been branded a "useless" and "cynical" way to promote the project.
Sean O'Brien will start for Ireland in the Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday.
The BBC should invest more in the Midlands, an MP has said during a debate on the future of the broadcaster.
Scientists have discovered the most distant object in the Solar System.
Valentine's Day is upon us, and if you want to impress your significant other with a bouquet of roses, here's a few tips.
England stunned world champions New Zealand to claim their biggest win over the All Blacks.
A $1bn (£700m) fund to fund research into artificial intelligence (AI) has been launched.
Scotland ran in five tries to thrash Georgia in their Six Nations opener at Murrayfield.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea will leave the club at the end of the season.
The youth vote has been key to Labour's victory in the general election.
Sir Neville Marriner has died at the age of 93.
It was the end of an era, the end of the Usain Bolt era at the World Championships.
A man has died following a four-vehicle crash in Bangor, County Down.
The police in the Republic of Ireland say a ban on the sale of so-called legal highs in the country has been a success.
Giannelli Imbula's time at Stoke City has been "frustrating", says manager Mark Hughes, and the club would consider offers for the Giannelli Imbula.
A man has died after his car crashed into a lorry in Sittingbourne.
A body has been found in the search for a man who went missing off the Isles of Scilly.
Mura Masa has come fifth in the BBC's Sound of 2016 list.
At the headquarters of the right-wing Likud party in Tel Aviv the mood was one of relief.
The number of UK workers making daily commutes of more than two hours has more than doubled in the past five years.
Barra Airport on the Isle of Barra is celebrating its 80th anniversary.
A new crossing over the River Forth in Aberdeen is to be officially opened in June.
The families of the 22 people who died in the Manchester Arena attack have paid tribute to the victims.
Plans for a Garden Bridge across the River Thames in south London will go ahead after a deal was struck to reduce the amount of public funding.
A sculpture by the artist Dame Zaha Hadid has gone on display as part of an exhibition at Chatsworth House.
A 19-year-old brother of London suicide bomber Mohammad Sidique Khan has been jailed for life for plotting a terror attack in the capital.
In 2016, the arts in Northern Ireland lost some of its most famous musicians.
Tate director Nicholas Serota's announcement that he is to step down after seven years in the job is a bold statement of intent.
The summer transfer window closed at 23:00 BST on 1 July.
More than 5,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce pay and display parking meters around Royal Berkshire Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has said the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal is a "win-win" for all involved.
Sister Nirmala, the nun who ran the Roman Catholic charity founded by Mother Teresa in the Indian city of Kolkata (Calcutta), has died at the age of 99.
Women's Super League One club Durham City Ladies have signed England goalkeeper Gemma Laws.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he "never called for a veto" over any Brexit deal the UK government reaches with the EU.
The Co-operative Bank has said it has agreed a plan to raise £1bn to help it sell itself.
As we sat in the garden of Abdul Popal's house in the Afghan city of Mazar-e-Sharif, we could hear the groans of his digger.
A flood-prone railway line in Oxfordshire has reopened after work was completed.
Fester the dachshund has found a new home after a charity said he was "over-looked" by potential owners.
A letter written by John Lennon to his aunt is expected to fetch up to £10,000 when it is sold at auction.
Is the Conservative party about to break up?
A facsimile of the Magna Carta has been unveiled at Lincoln Castle to mark the 800th anniversary of the sealing of the document.
Darren Fletcher should captain Scotland against Northern Ireland on Wednesday, says former midfielder Barry Wilson.
A rescue boat has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos to help with the migrant crisis.
Police in the US state of Missouri have used tear gas to break up a protest over the police killing of a black teenager, as a curfew came into force.
The Amazon rainforest in Brazil is the world's largest remaining tropical forest and is home to more than half of the world's mammals, birds and reptiles.
South African sides in the new Pro12 will be "brutal", says former Scotland coach Alan Solomons.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has nationalised the country's largest electricity company.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC, has reported better-than-expected sales in China.
People living on the Sheerwater estate in Surrey are calling for a rethink of plans to regenerate the area.
About 200 workers have been evacuated from a North Sea platform after a gas leak.
black candidates have won two seats on the council in Ferguson, Missouri, where a white police officer fatally shot an unarmed black teenager last year.
Delegates at the Trades Union Congress have agreed to co-ordinate industrial action against planned cuts to jobs, pensions and public services.
Lee Clark has been confirmed as the new manager of Scottish Premiership strugglers Kilmarnock.
Britain's Sir Bradley Wiggins became the first British man for 22 years to win gold in the time trial at the Road World Championships.
As I return from a two-week trip to South-East Asia, the BBC's Mark Lowen looks at how the region is changing the world.
Two men have been charged over an alleged plot to carry out a terror attack in Sydney on Monday, Australian police say.
An MP has said he takes "some responsibility" for a council's decision to lend a football club £10.25m.
People born in the early 1980s are the first post-war generation not to have higher wealth in early adulthood, a think tank has said.
A photographer has captured images of Shetland's Hebridean firth in a Star Wars-inspired collection of photographs.
Indian Wells tournament director Ray Moore has resigned after controversial remarks about women's tennis.
Director of rugby Richard Cockerill has been sacked by Leicester Tigers.
The former chief executive of insurance giant AIG, Hank Greenberg, is to stand trial in New York on fraud charges.
Marcus Trescothick hit a second double century of the season but Somerset collapsed on day three against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge.
A Newport turkey processing company has been jailed for selling unsafe turkey products.
A police officer who saved a man from falling from a town hall fire escape has been awarded a bravery award.
A Volkswagen boss has said he is "optimistic" the company will find a solution to fix diesel cars in the US affected by the emissions scandal.
Ollie Norburn's late winner earned Macclesfield a 3-2 victory at Chester in the National League.
Sri Lanka's government has said it is investigating allegations of match-fixing in a one-day international against England in October.
Ronnie O'Sullivan said his record-equalling 16th Masters title had inspired him to quit smoking.
The first Friday night Premier League match of the 2017-18 season will be shown live on Sky Sports.
The leaders of the two main political parties in the Republic of Ireland are holding talks to try to form a minority government.
Queens Park Rangers striker Jamie Mackie has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
A rare albino deer has been born at a zoo in the UK.
A family of 12 from Luton who failed to return to the UK are thought to have travelled to Syria, the BBC understands.
Plans for a floating tram system in Cardiff Bay have been unveiled by Cardiff Bay Company (CBC).
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost an appeal against a High Court order for it to hand over documents in a case brought by a former loyalist informer.
US President-elect Donald Trump has questioned why President Barack Obama failed to act on reports of Russian meddling in the US election.
Residents were woken by a "horrible scraping noise" from a football club's social club.
Gunmen have opened fire and set fire to the offices of two pro-government newspapers in the Turkish city of Istanbul.
A new magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scanner has been installed at Belfast's Altnagelvin Children's Hospital.
Charges have been dropped against a blogger who was ordered to pay back £190,000 to a council's chief executive.
Police in Hong Kong are investigating a report of a mid-air theft after a flight from Dubai landed in the city.
The frontrunner in the French presidential election has told the BBC he will reform the EU and France's relationship with it.
A man who was granted British citizenship at birth has won a Supreme Court battle against deportation.
A City financier has been banned for life after he avoided a train fare by boarding a London-bound Southeastern train without buying a ticket.
David Cameron's former foreign secretaries have urged him to press Russia's president on corruption during his visit to Moscow.
Jake Cassidy's second-half header earned Hartlepool a 1-1 draw at Macclesfield in the National League.
Iran will not dismantle its Arak heavy-water nuclear reactor, the country's nuclear chief has said.
As the 100th anniversary of the start of World War One is marked, BBC News looks at the life of Private John Parr, the first British soldier to die fighting Germany.
David Haye says he will accept any punishment from the British Boxing Board of Control for his post-fight comments about Tony Bellew.
The liquidators of department store chain BHS are expected to announce on Monday who the final bidders are for the business.
Tens of thousands of miners in South Africa are on strike over pay and conditions.
A US airman who was injured in a foiled terror attack on a train in August 2015 has been awarded France's highest honour for bravery.
A road in the Scottish Borders is to close to allow work on a flood protection scheme to continue.
A bid to devolve powers to the Solent region is "dead", council leaders have said.
Leeds United have signed Middlesbrough defender Marten de Roon on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The restored replica of Winston Churchill's coffin has been unveiled in County Durham.
The consultant in charge of the A&E department at St Bartholomew's Hospital in London has said the Christmas period was the busiest in the hospital's history.
Ikea has issued a global recall of a beach chair after reports of people being injured when it collapsed.
India's banks are using indelible ink on the fingers of millions of people to stop them using big denomination bank notes.
The US footballer Brandi Chastain, who scored the winning goal in the 1999 Women's World Cup, is to donate her brain to medical research.
A 60-year-old woman has died after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in Largs in North Ayrshire.
The world of cricket has been paying tribute to Australia batsman Phil Hughes, who has died at the age of 25, after being hit by a ball.
Hull City missed the chance to go top of the table as Sone Aluko's late equaliser denied Paul Williams his first win as Nottingham Forest manager.
US scientists have taken a step towards a cure for type 1 diabetes.
Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Ayew has been charged by the Football Association after allegedly confronting Watford fans during Saturday's 3-2 defeat.
Defender Ryan Stevenson believes Hibernian can challenge for promotion to the Scottish Premiership next season.
Sweden goalkeeper Carli Lindahl has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One champions Chelsea Ladies.
An Afghan woman immortalised on the cover of National Geographic magazine 30 years ago is facing deportation from Pakistan.
The invention of the wind-up radio in the 1960s and the invention of the telephone in the 1970s were the great achievements of British inventors.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Hundreds of people have attended a public consultation on plans to improve the A40 in Oxfordshire.
Newcastle United have signed Netherlands defender Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Police are "extremely concerned" for a 12-year-old girl from Greater Manchester who has been reported missing.
A four-year-old girl who was reported missing has been found safe and well.
The Church of England is "institutionally homophobic", a gay vicar has said.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths will start for Scotland in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Aberdeen's Kolo Toure has signed a new contract to keep him at Pittodrie until 2019.
Belfast Giants lost 4-3 to Elite League leaders Nottingham Panthers at the SSE Arena on Friday night.
At Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, Abdiweli Mohamed Hassan is a hero.
An Irish priest who died in Albania in 1939 is to be beatified by the Catholic Church.
Critics have praised a new exhibition of cut-out artworks by Henri Matisse at Tate Modern.
A father killed his baby son by "repeatedly and vigorously" shaking him, a court has heard.
A Leeds United employee was suspended for changing the locks on the doors of her office while on leave, an employment tribunal has heard.
Sir Elton John has told a female steward he thought she was "Hitler".
Crystal Palace manager Sam Allardyce has left the Premier League club.
Unions have said plans to close a Ceredigion council-run care home are "absurd".
The US space agency's Juno probe has returned the first detailed views of Jupiter's north pole.
"There is no such thing as a straight line."
A Greater Manchester biscuit maker has gone into administration, blaming the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
The Pembrokeshire firm behind a £2.3m crowdfunding campaign for a drone has published an update on how it spent the money.
Malaysian police say a knife attack that killed one person and injured two others was inspired by so-called Islamic State (IS).
The next UN secretary general, to succeed Ban Ki-moon, who is stepping down in September, will be an Eastern European candidate.
Police in several European countries have arrested more than a dozen people suspected of being part of a Kurdish-Sunni jihadist network.
An RAF serviceman whose medals were stolen from his car in Lancashire has said he has been "overwhelmed" by the reaction on social media.
Hilary Mantel's Booker Prize-winning novel Bring Up the Bodies and Madeleine Thien's debut novel The Sense of an Ending are in the running for a prestigious international prize.
A flagship museum in Leicestershire could be at risk after the county council pulled out of a funding bid.
Theo Walcott's late equaliser earned Arsenal a point at Old Trafford and denied Manchester United a fourth-placed finish.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side showed "inexperience" in their 72-run defeat by Bangladesh in the first Test in Chittagong.
Thirty years ago this week, the Herald of Free Enterprise set off from Zeebrugge in Belgium on its final journey.
A bat rescue group in Northern Ireland says it has been overwhelmed by the number of bats that have been found in homes, cars and even in a pot of oil.
A man has been seriously injured in a "hate crime" stabbing at a Tube station in south London.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union in a historic referendum.
Three pupils have been expelled after a small amount of cannabis was found at St Andrews School in Fife.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink began his reign as Queens Park Rangers manager with a convincing victory over Leeds United in the Championship.
Five men have appeared in court accused of misusing a police helicopter for filming.
Microsoft has unveiled Xbox SmartGlass, which links the firm's video games console to tablets and televisions.
The new Scottish Premiership season begins on Saturday, with champions Celtic taking on Qarabag in the first leg of their Champions League qualifier.
Flights have been diverted at Gatwick Airport after a drone was spotted on the runway.
Leading Bahraini human rights activist Nabeel Rajab has been released from prison after serving half of a two-year sentence.
Rangers consigned Aberdeen to third place in the Scottish Premiership with victory at Pittodrie.
A public-private consortium is set to win a £1.2bn contract to run cancer care in Staffordshire, the BBC has learned.
A memorial to the Jersey soldiers who died in World War One has been unveiled in France.
Exeter Chiefs came from behind to beat Sale Sharks in the Premiership at Sandy Park.
An independent review into allegations of abuse and neglect in care homes in Wales 10 years ago is to be carried out, First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced.
Hosts DR Congo beat Burkina Faso to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals as Group D winners.
A writer-activist has been charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the Indian national anthem.
Two passenger planes have collided on a taxiway at an airport in Detroit, Michigan.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefit in Scotland rose by 15,000 in the three months to June, and the number of people looking for a job rose by the same amount.
A PhD student has developed a range of "eco-friendly" falling snow products.
The number of mental health beds in England has fallen, according to the NHS watchdog.
The mother of a girl with an ultra-rare disease has said she is "delighted" a new drug will be available on the Welsh NHS.
Motherwell's Premiership match against Aberdeen on Saturday will go ahead despite a sickness bug sweeping through the club.
The conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly has died at the age of 91.
A plumbing and heating company has been fined £80,000 after gas faults were found in hundreds of homes in Dorset and Berkshire.
The entrance to the University of Groningen in the Netherlands is plastered with posters in the colours of the Dutch flag.
The Ulster-Scots language was the first language to be spoken in Northern Ireland, in the 17th Century.
A California mother who was abducted two weeks ago has been found alive.
New York City's City Council has passed a bill to limit the aggressive behaviour of costumed street performers in Times Square.
A paralysed man who was evicted from a hospital after refusing to leave has been moved to a new home.
Some private clinics offering genetic tests for Down's disease risk leaving women confused, a report says.
Ballymena United have signed former Coleraine striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal.
An action plan to promote walking and cycling in Wales has been published.
There are lines you just do not cross in politics, and the Republican presidential hopefuls are no exception.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Snowdon Race, the UK's biggest mountain road race.
The Conservative MP Sir Kevin Spacey has said he may have breached House of Commons rules over his use of public resources.
Shares in China's Sina Weibo, the country's most popular microblogging site, have soared more than 50% in their US debut.
The Great Britain wheelchair basketball team are back in the UK!
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a bus in Glasgow.
Residents of the US territory of Guam have expressed concern after North Korea threatened to "sink" the island with a "fire and fury like the world has never seen".
A scuba diver who was wanted in Malta over the deaths of two friends has spoken of his "utter nightmare" after the charges against him were dropped.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed slightly higher on Tuesday.
The Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya has begun a campaign to remove communist-era street names from the city centre.
Rory McIlroy's response to the Ryder Cup draw at Gleneagles was a clear indication of Europe's strength in depth.
Four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire.
Is Amazon, the world's biggest online retailer, paying no corporation tax in the UK?
Thousands of Afghan migrants who have drowned in the Mediterranean trying to reach Europe this year are struggling to cope with the loss of their loved ones.
He was Lance Armstrong's greatest rival, the man who was banned twice for doping, the man who ran the world's fastest 100m and 200m times.
An MP facing a vote of no confidence over a loan to a football club has said he will not stand in the general election.
Swansea City's Supporters' Trust says it has yet to hear from the club's new owners.
A man has admitted causing the death of a 15-year-old girl in a crash in Ceredigion.
England manager Roy Hodgson says Gareth Bale's criticism of England's "lack of patriotism" is "disgraceful".
Tony Blair has said he will not be advising Labour leader Ed Miliband on a dispute with the Unite union over party rules.
Theresa May has said she is a "bloody difficult woman", after reports of a row with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.
Raith Rovers have signed Livingston midfielder Scott Martin on a two-year deal, with the 25-year-old moving to the Scottish Championship club on a free transfer.
The planned Circuit of Wales in Ebbw Vale would have been "well outside the natural agglomeration" of the motor sport industry, a motor racing circuit owner has said.
More than 200 jobs could be cut at Southampton City Council.
Airdrieonians secured their place in the Scottish League Two play-offs.
Championship side Huddersfield Town have signed Cardiff City midfielder Emyr James on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a couple at a house in Bradford.
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson will miss Scotland's World Cup qualifiers against Slovakia and Lithuania with a calf injury.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was raped and murdered by a convicted killer has said her family's faith in the UK police has been "destroyed".
At least 30 civilians have been killed in a Taliban attack in southern Afghanistan, officials say.
A 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in west London.
The conviction of Australian entertainer Rolf Harris for 12 counts of indecently assaulting two girls in the 1970s and 1980s has led to a backlash in his home town of Perth.
The head of the company bidding to buy Vauxhall is to hold "in principle" talks with Theresa May, Downing Street has said.
One of Scotland's largest salmon farming companies has reported a loss for the three months to the end of September.
Northern Ireland's former enterprise minister has called for an inquiry into a controversial scheme to buy government buildings.
Sweetgrass, a common grass in the US, contains chemicals that repel mosquitoes, scientists say.
A jury has failed to reach a verdict in the trial of a couple accused of filming themselves having sex on the set of a TV talent show.
Google has threatened to change the name of anti-litter app Keep Britain Tidy if it continues to use it.
A warning to boil drinking water in Cambridgeshire has been lifted after tests found no harmful organisms.
In this week's Tech Tent we look at the future of virtual reality, 360 degree video and artificial intelligence.
England beat Pakistan by 169 runs to win the second Test at Trent Bridge and take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
Inside the home of the Japan Society in west Belfast, the smell of Japanese food wafts through the air.
David Cameron has said a Russian plan to place Syria's chemical weapons under international control will be put to the UN Security Council.
Lord Ashcroft has told guests at the launch of his book about David Cameron that he is recovering in hospital after suffering septic shock.
The capture of the strategically important district of Sangin in the southern Afghan province of Helmand by the Taliban is a major blow to the Afghan security forces.
People living near a prison have been invited to a meeting to discuss how to stop packages being thrown over its walls.
The 20th anniversary of the first women priests to be ordained in the Church in Wales is to be marked with services at seven cathedrals.
The cost of the proposed new Borders railway line has risen by about £1m to about £48m.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said Sinn Fin has offered the justice ministry to the Alliance Party.
The search for the bodies of the three men missing off the County Mayo coast in the Republic of Ireland will continue on Sunday.
Hundreds of thousands of people have gathered in China to watch the world's largest ever fireworks display.
Four British servicemen have become the first all-amputee team to row the Atlantic Ocean in the Talisker Challenge.
A tidal array in Shetland has generated power for the first time.
League Two side Carlisle United have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Brandon Comley on loan.
Two explorers who claim to have found a Nazi train rumoured to be laden with gems and weapons in Poland have demanded a fee from the authorities.
Bradford City have offered new contracts to six players after defender Stephen Darby rejected a new deal.
In her first interview as the new director of the Tate, Sarah Balshaw tells me the Tate is "on the cusp" of a major expansion.
The CIA director, John Brennan, has used a private email account to conduct government business, the agency has confirmed, after documents were hacked from his AOL account.
The world's best footballing robots are in the UK this week, taking part in the RoboCup - the world's biggest competition for humanoids.
A US woman has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.
Retired footballer Abby Wambach tried cocaine at the age of 25, court documents have revealed.
Spain's Alberto Contador beat Tour de France rivals Chris Froome and Richie Porte to win the Criterium du Dauphine.
Teachers in the UK earn 22% less than their counterparts in other countries, according to a report by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
Relatives of four Malaysian men killed by British troops in Borneo have lost a legal bid for a judicial review of the UK government's refusal to hold an inquiry.
West Ham United have signed Norway midfielder Havard Nordtveit from Kaiserslautern for an undisclosed fee.
Rock band Green Day have said they are "devastated" and "heartbroken" by the cancellation of a concert in Glasgow.
School admissions arrangements in England are "confused and confusing", says the schools adjudicator.
Tottenham came from behind to beat Swansea City and close the gap on Premier League leaders Leicester City to five points.
Celtic captain Scott Brown says the club's players have "let themselves down" in the title race.
French champions Paris St-Germain have signed Spanish forward Jese Rodriguez from Real Madrid on a five-year deal.
On the face of it, the Northern Ireland Assembly isn't going to be sitting on Thursday.
The Russian military has begun large-scale military exercises in the south of the country, involving more than 300,000 troops.
A former paramedic has been struck off after posting offensive messages on Facebook about a nurse at Stafford Hospital.
Israel's navy has intercepted a boat attempting to break the blockade of the Gaza Strip, activists say.
Scotland's political leaders have been campaigning on the final day of the general election campaign.
Victims of the asbestos-related cancer mesothelioma will be eligible for payouts of up to £123,000, the government has announced.
A late Blackburn Rovers equaliser denied Bristol City victory at Ewood Park.
League One side MK Dons have signed striker Lee Barnard on a two-year deal from Shrewsbury Town for an undisclosed fee.
Riek Machar, the former vice-president of South Sudan, has said he will return to the world's newest country to end the civil war.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index of leading shares closed down by more than 1% at 6,947.
A man has died in hospital after suffering a "medical emergency" while in police custody.
Atheist Richard Dawkins has said the results of the 2011 census in Wales show a "backward" attitude to religion.
Raymond Aubrac, a French resistance fighter who escaped from a Nazi prison during World War Two, has died at the age of 98.
Nigeria's police say they have arrested two men for alleged homosexuality in the country's largest city, Lagos.
Wigan Warriors moved back to the top of Super League with victory over Leeds Rhinos at Magic Weekend.
When a new manager takes charge of a football club, the first thing they will be expected to do is change the club's name.
Scotland's councils are well placed to take in Syrian refugees, according to local government body Cosla.
Graeme Shinnie's late winner gave Aberdeen the advantage in the Europa League third qualifying round tie against Apollon Limassol.
Pilots of a Canadian police helicopter were overheard talking about sex in mid-air.
A teenager has been jailed for life for murdering a man in Sydenham, south London.
World number one Andy Murray beat Italy's Fabio Fognini in four sets to reach the fourth round at Wimbledon.
A man arrested over the bomb attack on the bus of the German football team Borussia Dortmund was motivated by financial greed, investigators say.
The family of a man who died after a police chase have appealed for calm after a protest over his death turned violent.
League One side Gillingham have sacked manager Darrell Pennock and replaced him with Graham Taylor as director of football.
Police in India have dropped charges of sedition against eight Muslim men arrested for allegedly cheering for Pakistan in the Champions Trophy cricket match.
Israel's defence minister has accused Turkey of helping Islamic State (IS) smuggle oil into Turkey.
The US government will not allow the controversial Dakota Access oil pipeline to cross under a Sioux Indian reservation in North Dakota.
An alpaca seriously injured in a dog attack has died.
A prison officer who was injured in a dissident republican bomb attack last week has died in hospital.
A man accused of murdering a 24-year-old outside a bar in Aberdeen was sat up "like a teddy bear" by police, a murder trial has heard.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says interim England interim boss Gareth Southgate has the "quality" to become permanent manager.
Aberdeen's appeal against Ryan Hayes' red card in Saturday's win over Celtic has been rejected.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has been criticised for using the term "hipster" to describe a fire in east London.
A convicted murderer who was released early from prison has admitted attacking a man at a Christmas party.
Gloucester City Football Club (GCFC) have unveiled plans for a new stadium.
Police are investigating after members of Britain First entered a mosque in Cardiff.
A team of archaeologists in the Iraqi city of Mosul has created a 3D model of thousands of artefacts that were destroyed by Islamic State militants in 2014.
More needs to be done to tackle alcohol abuse in Wales, a report has said.
The world's largest ever scientific excavation of a 17th Century shipwreck is under way.
When West Ham United play their final match at the Boleyn Ground on Saturday, it will be the end of an era at Upton Park.
Honeymoon murder suspect Shrien Dewani has been extradited from the UK to South Africa.
Providing end-of-life care could save the NHS in England, Wales and Northern Ireland more than £30m a year, a report says.
England were bowled out for 138 on the final day of the fourth Test as South Africa completed a crushing innings-and-209-run victory.
The most detailed images yet of Jupiter's weather systems have been taken by a telescope in the US.
Parents and students in Argentina could face tougher penalties if they attack a teacher under plans being considered by the government.
Australian golfer Robert Allenby has said he was robbed and dumped in a park in Hawaii after a night out in Honolulu.
Former Aberdeen captain and manager Willie Miller believes the Pittodrie side must prove themselves at Hampden when they face Hibernian in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Saturday.
The driver of Osama Bin Laden, Nasser al- Bahri, has died of a heart attack, Yemeni security officials say.
The Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has erupted for the second time in a week, prompting the evacuation of some 5,000 people.
A North Carolina state official has won the Republican nomination to run against Democratic US Senator Kay Hagan in the November election.
A college bought Manchester United season tickets under a former principal, the BBC has learned.
Police chiefs in north Wales and Dyfed-Powys have warned of "significant challenges" ahead over funding cuts.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on Instagram in which he threatens to kill Russian opposition leader Mikhail Kasyanov.
The Belfast Giants beat Cardiff Devils 4-1 at the SSE Arena on Sunday night.
Muslim leaders in the Russian republic of Chechnya have vowed to "retribution" journalists who reported that dozens of men have been detained and tortured for being gay.
Harrison Ford has said he has always wanted to reprise his role as Indiana Jones in another film of the Indiana Jones franchise.
James Anderson has become England's leading one-day international wicket-taker in the one-day international against Australia.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close a further 100 branches across the UK.
GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's HIV drugs business for $1.3bn (£940m).
A rare World War Two poster of the Battle of the Somme has sold at auction in Conwy county for £240.
The first round of the FA Cup is upon us, with non-league teams hoping to secure their place in the last 16 of the competition.
The Republic of Ireland's justice minister, Alan Shatter, has resigned after a series of controversies.
Northampton Town midfielder Gabriel Obertan has left the League Two club to play for DR Congo.
An anti-bullying charity has called on a gym to remove a poster which it said was "in poor taste" and "offensive".
A "breakthrough" discovery has been made about breast cancers that spread to the bone.
Referee Mark Clattenburg will face no action from the Football Association over Chelsea's claim he racially abused midfielder John Mikel Obi.
Gary Neville's Valencia side reached the Copa del Rey final despite a 1-1 draw at home to Barcelona in the second leg of their semi-final.
A reboot of one of China's most beloved children's fairytales has sparked a backlash on Chinese social media, with some accusing it of being a "whitewashing" of the country's history.
Two original cels from Walt Disney's classic film of Snow White have sold at auction for more than £26,000.
An Australian man wanted by police after posting a "horrible" mugshot of himself on Facebook has vowed to turn himself in.
Wladimir Klitschko's promoter Eddie Hearn says Britain's IBF world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua is in talks to fight WBO champion Joseph Parker.
A driver was blinded by the sun when he hit a lollipop lady outside a school in Bedfordshire, a court has heard.
Human rights group Amnesty International (AI) has warned that the 2022 Fifa World Cup in Qatar could be "built on forced labour".
The towpaths and bridges of Scotland's canals have been captured on camera by Google Street View.
Lenovo has said it is "thoroughly investigating" claims that some of its computers were pre-installed with software designed to track users' browsing habits.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year for the second time at the Grammy Awards in Los Angeles.
Germany's economy grew faster than expected in 2016, the latest official figures show.
A 25-year-old man has been taken to hospital after being found with serious injuries in Glasgow.
Police in the Italian city of Milan say they have arrested a gang of youths who carried out a spate of armed robberies in the style of the 1970s film A Clockwork Orange.
The pilot of a Turkish fighter jet has been found dead after it crashed in a mountain range near the Syrian border, state media report.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will challenge the disputed presidential election in the Supreme Court.
Jess Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales Women secured their first win of the 2018 World Cup qualifiers against Kazakhstan.
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing photos of naked women as part of its redesign.
Felix Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a thrilling points victory over Ireland's Matt Macklin in Berlin.
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India's most influential and controversial politicians.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner has warned Lancashire Police could be reduced to a "low level" service.
A growing number of critically endangered species are establishing themselves as self-sustaining populations outside of their native range, a study suggests.
Libya's defence minister has renounced his resignation amid a stand-off with gunmen outside two ministries in the capital Tripoli.
Venezuela's acting President, Nicolas Maduro, has said he will open a small office in the room where the late President Hugo Chavez lived.
The big reveal of who killed Lucy Beale in EastEnders has left many of us feeling a bit glum.
Tranmere Rovers have signed Chesterfield midfielder Yann Gnanduillet on loan until the end of the season.
Premier League champions Leicester City have agreed a deal to sign midfielder N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain.
The ability of the liver to regenerate itself has been shown by scientists in Edinburgh.
Fines of up to £2m a day could be imposed on mobile phone networks that fail to meet service targets, under government plans.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh city centre.
Seventy years after the Nazi death camp at Mauthausen in eastern Germany was liberated, Spaniards who were deported to Nazi death camps are still haunted by the horror of their experiences.
A council has been accused of a "major administrative cock-up" after failing to pay out millions of pounds in compensation over the deaths of sheep at a Kent port.
Livingston moved seven points clear at the top of Scottish League One with victory over Airdrieonians.
A 91-year-old musician has been reunited with his former bandmates after he started playing again in a care home.
The genetic code of a 45,000-year-old man shows that modern humans interbred with Neanderthals, scientists say.
More than 200 opposition figures and activists have held a rare meeting in the Syrian capital, Damascus, in support of the uprising.
Police have clashed with Leicester City fans in Madrid ahead of the Champions League game against Atletico Madrid.
Some schools in Wales are "gaming" the GCSE system, the Welsh Government's chief civil servant has said.
Two 12-year-old girls accused of stabbing a classmate to please the fictional horror character Slender Man have pleaded not guilty.
One of the "Chibok girls" kidnapped in north-eastern Nigeria has been found in the town of Monguno in Borno state.
A man has died in a suspected chemical incident in south London.
Toshiba's US nuclear unit, Westinghouse Electric, is to file for bankruptcy protection.
When the disco pioneers Earth Wind & Fire burst on to the music scene in the 1970s, they changed the face of disco forever.
We don't watch The Apprentice to see The Apprentice's worst moments.
Nathan Massey and Chloe Jasmine have come out as bisexual in the new series of Geordie Shore.
The first trams to run in the West Midlands for 60 years have arrived in Wolverhampton.
Red Bull say their drivers Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel can still win the world championship.
Nepal was hit by a massive 7.8-magnitude earthquake in April 2015.
Former Celtic and Chelsea footballer Islam Feruz has failed to appear in court in Glasgow.
A US student who was returned to the US in a coma after being detained in North Korea has suffered a "severe brain injury", his doctors say.
Alastair Cook scored his first century since November as England drew their final tour match against a St Kitts & Nevis XI.
Welsh boxer Dale Evans won the WBO International lightweight title with a unanimous points decision over Britain's Ashley Ormond in Cardiff.
Welsh language campaigners have staged a protest outside the Welsh government in Conwy county.
The head of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), Mark Thompson, has said he would review the law on image rights payments to footballers.
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Harry Gurney says he is excited about the club's future despite their relegation to Division Two of the County Championship.
The Mebyon Kernow Conservative Party has announced it will not be fielding candidates in the general election.
Two women have been rescued from a house in Bournemouth after a suspected arson attack.
Hundreds of rugby league fans have attended the funeral of Rhys Jones.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a package of aid for young people in a bid to end weeks of protests against his labour reforms.
The murder of MP Jo Cox has led to tributes from around the world.
The housing association sector in Wales is to receive an extra £27m to help people rent their homes, the Welsh government has announced.
Chelsea were knocked out of the Champions League in the first leg of their last-16 tie at Porto.
Monty Python star Michael Palin is to receive a fellowship at this year's Bafta TV awards.
Prince Charles urged Tony Blair to press ahead with a cull of badgers, newly released letters show.
A man has died in a crash on the M1 in County Down.
Norway's Magnus Carlsen has won the World Chess Championship, beating Russia's Sergey Karjakin.
A Liberal Democrat candidate inBerwick has defended donations from a former Lib Dem peer who quit the party in protest at Nick Clegg's leadership.
A man has been seriously injured after a car and a pick-up truck crashed in Aberdeenshire.
Two rare baby otters have been born at a zoo in California in America.
A 10-year deal by Natural Resources Wales (NRW) to sell timber to a sawmill operator may have breached EU state aid rules, the auditor general has said.
A Victorian theatre and TV studios at Alexandra Palace in London have been awarded £26.7m by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Tommy Wright says he is "happy" at St Johnstone and that the club's chairman would rather sell him than get compensation.
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being "abusive" to women.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left "frustrated beyond belief" by a controversial free-kick in their 2-1 defeat by Hibernian.
People have been warned not to eat shellfish from two lochs in Argyll after shellfish toxins and E.coli bacteria were found.
Carlisle United have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal.
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton's 12-month Football Association ban for betting on matches has been extended by a year.
The son of nightclub tycoon David West has been jailed for eight years for killing his father at their London home.
A video of a retirement home for retired police dogs in China has gone viral on Chinese social media.
There is no evidence two midwives knew a mother who died days after giving birth was ill, a misconduct hearing has heard.
The number of sightings of one of the UK's most endangered sea turtles, the leatherback turtle, off the coast of Wales has increased.
An American Airlines flight aborted take-off at Chicago's O'Hare airport after an engine caught fire.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he ordered his finance minister to work on a plan to close the country's banks in the event of a national emergency.
All 897 Tube ticket offices are to close on the London Underground.
A man has been charged with a racially aggravated attack on a woman outside a supermarket in Buckinghamshire.
Germany's world champion Michael Jung remains on course to win the Badminton Horse Trials after the second day.
"I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't you be a stranger" and "I'm going to cut your head off".
The Vatican's former secretary of state is to donate 200,000 (£143,000; $211,000) to a children's hospital to cover the cost of renovations to his Rome apartment.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy!
witnesses at the trial of two Ohio high school football players charged with raping a girl, a judge has ruled.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan and former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari of the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC) are vying for the presidency in Saturday's election.
Essex director of cricket Nick Silverwood says winning the County Championship would be "the holy grail".
The UK's vote to leave the EU is a momentous moment in the history of the country and the political process will be long and difficult.
A corn snake has been found in a van in Wrexham.
Relegation-threatened Newport County secured their first win under new manager John Sheridan as Lloyd John-Lewis' goal earned a draw against Exeter City.
Exeter City continued their League Two promotion push with a thumping victory over 10-man Crewe Alexandra at St James Park.
Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died at the age of 88.
The website of the Independent newspaper has been targeted by cyber criminals who have been encrypting documents and demanding a ransom.
Colombia's Yarisley Ibarguen won Olympic gold in the women's Olympic long jump.
A 1,000-year-old fish weir found on the south coast was built 1,000 years earlier than previously thought.
One piece of advice for Russia in the wake of the chemical weapons attack on a rebel-held town in Syria: "Stay out of America's way".
A man has been arrested in south London on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences.
A student who unearthed a 7th Century Anglo-Saxon pendant in a Norfolk field is to sell it for £1,000.
A mental health trust in Lancashire has been rated as "requires improvement".
West Brom defender Ben Foster is available for the FA Cup semi-final after recovering from a calf injury.
Eddie Jones began his reign as England head coach with a historic victory over South Africa at Twickenham.
Comedian Jason Manford has asked his fans to help him find a job for his 70-year-old father.
The number of women in Scotland who have been diagnosed with asbestos-related cancer is on the rise, according to the charity Action on Asbestos.
Liverpool's mayor has set out plans to cut £90m from the city council's budget in order to balance the books by 2020.
A Liverpool fans' group is to hold a vote on the issue of safe standing at Anfield.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been detained for eight months.
Luke Rowe's goal gave League One leaders Doncaster a 1-0 win over Colchester at the Keepmoat Stadium.
Johanna Konta and Andy Murray have become the first British men and women to reach the Australian Open semi-finals since the 1970s.
centrist French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has said he will join forces with the third-placed finisher in the first round of the election to defeat the far-right.
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has signed up to star in the big screen version of the 1980s board game Jumanji.
Great Britain's Lois Toulson claimed victory in the individual 3m springboard event at the European Diving Championships ahead of the World Championships.
A Belfast man who downloaded more than 100,000 indecent images of children has been spared jail.
A Powys castle has been transformed into a World War One battlefield.
An Ohio man wanted on an arrest warrant sent police a selfie instead of a mugshot.
The man who attacked two policewomen with a machete in Belgium was a 25-year-old Moroccan, prosecutors say.
Swiss banking giant UBS has been placed under official investigation in France for allegedly helping clients evade tax.
The cost of renting a home in London is unaffordable, according to a report by housing charity Shelter.
The number of children's social workers in England has risen by more than 1,000 in the past year, official figures show.
Clothing retailer B&M has reported a slowdown in sales growth in the first quarter of its financial year.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has said it is to change the way it patents its medicines in the world's poorest countries.
The parents of a baby girl who suffered brain damage due to a delay in her birth in Northern Ireland have been awarded £5.3m in damages.
The Great British Bake Off's "highly intelligent" contestants are getting their own radio show.
The "northern powerhouse" of England's schools needs more attention, Ofsted says.
A review of electoral law in England and Wales has found "no evidence of widespread or systemic electoral fraud".
Actor Joaquin Phoenix has said he doesn't want to be a part of the Academy Awards ceremony.
A man has admitted killing a man with a single punch during a mass brawl in Edinburgh city centre.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side's FA Cup semi-final hangover has affected their Premier League form.
Great Britain beat the United States to win the men's 4x200m freestyle relay title at the World Championships in Russia.
A mechanic who filmed himself driving a customer's car for seven hours during a service has been sacked.
Four people have been killed after attacking a police station in China's restive western region of Xinjiang, local officials say.
Barclays has reported a drop in third-quarter profits after it set aside £560m to settle claims in the US over mortgage bonds and foreign exchange rates.
The world premiere of the new Despicable Me spin-off, Minions, has taken place in London.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes his predecessor Barack Obama is behind protests at his rallies and leaks from the White House.
More than half of staff at Queen's University in Belfast believe senior leaders at the institution provide "effective leadership".
CCTV footage of a man who emptied a safe from a cash machine at a Greater Manchester supermarket has been released.
A "culture change" is needed in prisons in England and Wales to reduce the risk of inmates taking their own lives, a report says.
Dan Biggar's decision to sign a Welsh Rugby Union and Ospreys dual contract is "fabulous", says former Wales captain Martyn Williams.
The Christmas lights, the mulled wine and the hustle and bustle of London's streets are all part of the city's festive traditions.
The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers talks about his new album, The Desired Effect.
A teenager who died from leukaemia has married his girlfriend in a hospital.
Australia should consider introducing a four-day working week, an Australian politician has said.
Great Britain's Jack Burnell was disqualified from the final of the men's Olympic 100m freestyle as Netherlands' Maarten Weertman won gold.
Captain Jacques Rudolph says Glamorgan's players need to "stand up" after their poor start to the County Championship season.
US car giant Ford has reported a sharp rise in first quarter profits, helped by strong sales in Europe and North America.
A former investment banker accused of murdering a Metropolitan Police officer has told a court he killed the officer for sex.
Leeds United managing director David Haigh has resigned after Massimo Cellino's takeover of the club.
A Kent district council is considering a rise in council tax to help balance its books.
Spain's opposition Socialist leader has lost a parliamentary confidence vote in a bid to become prime minister.
Coach Warren Gatland says his players will be better for the experience of facing New Zealand.
Two people have been taken to hospital after an ambulance crashed with two cars in Lincolnshire.
Euro 2012 co-hosts Poland and Ukraine have learned lessons from the tournament and will be better prepared for the next European Championship in France, says Polish football federation president Krzysztof Pohorecki.
Scotland's former first minister Alex Salmond has been criticised for unveiling a portrait in Edinburgh on the day he was in Westminster debating Syria.
The Borders Railway should be extended to the south of Scotland, a new report has claimed.
A campaign group has welcomed plans for a feasibility study into extending the Borders Railway to Carlisle.
Tablets, smart phones and laptops are becoming increasingly popular with the over-50s, with many of them designed to help them stay in touch with friends and family.
A ferry which ran aground at King Edward Pier on the Isle of Man will return to service later.
This is England director Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 with a feature-length version of his 1988 film This is England.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has defended a review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns lost his WBA and WBO world super-lightweight titles to Julius Indongo at the Hydro in Glasgow.
As the first Syrian refugees arrive in Northern Ireland, a volunteer scheme in the Mourne mountains is helping refugees and asylum seekers to settle into their new lives.
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following a fire in Fraserburgh in 2015.
Police investigating an attempted abduction near RAF Marham have said a man seen in Essex is not one of the suspects.
North Korea has attempted to launch a new mid-range missile but it crashed shortly after launch, South Korean officials say.
Holyrood's new budget process needs "significant work", according to Holyrood's finance committee.
The European Space Agency has launched the first part of a network that it hopes will revolutionise the way Earth is monitored.
Hull FC continued their perfect start to the Super League season by thrashing Catalans Dragons in Perpignan.
The publication of controversial plans to build up to 300,000 new homes in Greater Manchester has been delayed.
British soldiers have complained of problems with a new body armour system being used in Afghanistan.
Leicester City have signed striker Craig Gordon from non-league Rangers for an undisclosed fee.
A group of children dressed as elves have been attacked by a gang of youths who claimed they were not real elves.
A march by ex-soldiers demanding an end to prosecutions for Troubles-era killings in Northern Ireland is to go ahead after a planned protest in Londonderry was called off.
Former Premier League footballer Keith Le Saux says football needs to "face the demons" of homophobia.
Students have unearthed the remains of a Roman town in Dorset.
A charity has warned there is "no support" for deaf people looking for work in Wales.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho wants to sell some of his senior players in the January transfer window.
Labour's income tax plans could generate up to £1.2bn in additional revenue, a think-tank has claimed.
The former president of Olympus Corp, Satoshi Kikukawa, has pleaded guilty to falsifying financial results and faces up to five years in prison.
The verdict in the retrial of three Al-Jazeera journalists on terrorism charges in Egypt has been delayed.
A teenager who was stabbed to death in a "cowardly" attack in east London has been named.
Saracens lock George Kruis has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
An outbreak of dengue fever in Burkina Faso has killed at least 30 people in the past two months, health officials say.
Plans for a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given a boost.
Nottingham Forest have signed Olympiacos defender Sotiris Bouchalakis on a four-year contract.
At least 20 civilians have been killed in an air strike on a village held by so-called Islamic State (IS) in eastern Syria, activists say.
A County Londonderry music teacher has been named the BBC's Unsung Hero for 2016.
A shortage of nurses at a community hospital is forcing it to recruit overseas.
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured after a Palestinian car rammed into two pedestrians in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Boxers Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor traded insults and threats ahead of their fight on 26 August.
The Prime Minister David Cameron's decision to reveal details of his mother's tax affairs is a significant development in the debate about wealth inequality.
The Christmas lights have been switched on at a Grade II-listed church after being stolen.
The US has charged seven Iranians with hacking into the computer systems of major US banks and energy companies.
Shrewsbury Town have signed West Bromwich Albion youngster Lloyd Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
A lecture block at Swansea University is to undergo a £1m revamp.
More than four million employers in the UK are now automatically enrolling their workers into a workplace pension.
A man who admitted starting a fire which destroyed a Devon seaside resort has been given a suspended prison sentence.
Fleetwood Town have signed Swindon Town striker Tom Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has marked the start of the torch relay for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
A US drone strike has killed at least 13 suspected militants in north-west Pakistan near the border with Afghanistan, officials say.
One of Scotland's most famous police detectives was born in the Highlands in 1848 and went on to investigate the Jack the Ripper murders.
Two nurses have been jailed for wilfully neglecting patients at a hospital.
A federal judge in Brazil has ruled that construction work can go ahead on a controversial hydro-electric dam in the Amazon region.
The number of little terns at the UK's largest colony of the birds has dropped by 50% this year, the RSPB has said.
A baby pine marten has been filmed for the first time in Ceredigion.
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for trying to smuggle drugs has returned to the UK.
The pension regulator, The Pensions Regulator, has a new mascot to promote workplace pensions.
The man accused of murdering his children's author wife told a nurse he had considered jumping off a cliff, a court has heard.
Audience members were evacuated from the Royal Opera House in London after a fire alarm went off during a performance.
Northern Ireland trauma surgeon Dr John Hinds has died after a motorbike accident at the Skerries circuit in County Antrim on Friday.
One of Anthony Foley's best-known quotes came from a game of rugby a few years ago.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has released a free app to help people check if their home wi-fi is working properly.
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 69 at the Nordea Masters in Sweden.
Plastic surgeons in Swansea are using 3D printer technology to grow new body parts.
The Pacific island nation of Palau is made up of a network of coral atolls and volcanic islands.
Napoli missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a draw at home by AC Milan.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have added The Gap Band's writers to their hit single Uptown Funk, following the Blurred Lines court case.
China's President Xi Jinping has called for a "win-win" relationship with the US.
A councillor has accused an MP of hypocrisy after he criticised the opening of a Coca-Cola sweet shop in Leicester.
A police unit failed to investigate a rape allegation against a man who went on to murder his two children, a report has found.
The wife of a British man who was found dead in Myanmar has said she believes he was murdered.
More than 1,800 Palestinians - most of them civilians - have been killed in the conflict between Israel and Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip since July.
Great Britain's sporting performance at the London 2012 Olympics and Paralympics has been hailed as a success.
The roll-out of a new telephone system for NHS 24 services in Scotland is to be delayed again.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The general election campaign in the North West of England is officially under way, with the Conservatives, Labour, UKIP, the Greens, the Liberal Democrats and the Green Party all in full swing.
A water company has launched a new tariff to help low income customers pay their bills.
Aston Villa manager Remi Garde is expected to have Jack Grealish available for Saturday's Premier League trip to Southampton.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki ahead of the new season.
The head of the Catholic Church in Ireland, Archbishop Diarmuid Martin, has called for an inquiry into mother-and-baby homes.
One of the Hatton Garden raiders led police to a stash of £14m in a cemetery, a court has heard.
Christmas fatbergs clogging up London's sewers have been blamed on turkey grease.
Valve is to change the way games are published on its Steam online game service.
Iran has sentenced a US-Iranian man to 10 years in prison for spying for the US.
Former celebrity publicist Max Clifford refused to comment on an allegation that he indecently assaulted a 17-year-old girl in his office, a court has heard.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the forests of Arunachal Pradesh in north-east India.
Conor McGregor mocked Floyd Mayweather over his age and appearance at a raucous news conference to promote their Las Vegas fight.
A man has admitted beating a man with a baseball bat during a break-in at his home.
Former Olympic champion Mark Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's bobsleigh squad for the World Championships in Sochi.
Staff "bravely" tried to rescue two men who died in a paint-spraying booth, an inquest has heard.
The former home of author John Fowles is to open to the public in Dorset.
Teenager Ben Woodburn became Liverpool's youngest player to score and break Michael Owen's goalscoring record as they beat Leeds United to reach the EFL Cup semi-finals at Anfield.
Details of West Ham's agreement to rent the Olympic Stadium for up to £2.5m a year will be made public.
The scale of religious persecution around the world is "beyond belief", Prince Charles has said in his annual radio address.
A new funding formula for schools in England will be introduced in 2017-18, Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced.
Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, had to balance the books on the back of a Conservative election victory.
As soon as I heard the news of John Henry's retirement from The Match of the Day commentary box, I knew I was in for a treat.
Real Madrid moved four points clear at the top of La Liga with victory over 10-man Real Sociedad.
Pakistan has passed a law recognising the marriages of the country's Hindu minority for the first time.
Premiership side Harlequins have signed fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from Toulon.
The authorities in Guatemala are considering whether to evacuate 3,000 people living near a volcano in the south of the country.
Scientists have developed a test that can tell how well your body is ageing from the age of 40.
A woman who was injured in the Manchester bomb attack "probably saved her life" by using her mobile phone, her husband has said.
Russia has admitted that its pilots were responsible for an air strike in Syria that killed four Turkish soldiers near the Islamic State-held town of al-Bab.
Plans to merge two of Liverpool's main hospitals into a single trust have been criticised by a health authority.
Five crew have been rescued after two fishing boats ran aground in a harbour in Devon.
A woman's body has been found after a house fire in the Highlands.
Dozens of passengers who were stranded on a train for hours after a power cut got off and walked across the track to safety.
Ex-soldiers and a former police officer have been jailed for trying to smuggle handguns and silencers into the UK.
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a six-year-old girl in east London after accusing her of being a witch.
Small businesses are the most vulnerable to cyber-attack.
Members of the Hoover Candy pension scheme could see their benefits cut if the scheme is taken over by the Pension Protection Fund (PPF).
A 21-year-old man has died after a serious assault in Dublin city centre.
Two women have died in a two-car crash in the Scottish Borders.
When the EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier told the House of Commons last week that the UK and the Republic of Ireland were "on the same page" on the issue of the Irish border after Brexit, he was referring to the "common sense approach".
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said the High Court ruling on the triggering of Brexit is not a "silver bullet".
Scientists in the US have used a 3D printer to create a synthetic version of human cartilage that could be implanted into the body.
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by a businessman who hopes to turn it into a community venue.
On a Monday morning in the 1980s, on the last day of trading on the London Stock Exchange, Peter Haynes says, there were about 100 people on the floor.
League Two side Dagenham & Redbridge have signed Crawley Town midfielderson Bobson on a two-year deal.
The Tyne and Wear University Boat Race has returned after a five-year absence.
A flotilla of Russian warships, including the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier, have entered the English Channel.
All photographs Dronestagram
West Ham have signed striker Emmanuel Emenike from Turkish side Fenerbahce on a four-and-a-half-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Thieves used a dumper truck to smash a cash machine into a bank.
England will face Northern Ireland in the quarter-finals of the World Snooker Cup in China.
The mother of a teenager who died in a crash in the Highlands has said she is "absolutely heartbroken".
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won his first PGA Tour title since the Open at Royal Troon with victory at the CareerBuilder Challenge in La Quinta, California.
Human remains of some of the 150 people killed in the Germanwings flight 4U 9525 crash in the French Alps last week have been found, French prosecutors say.
US pastor Wayne Anderson has been detained in Botswana after appearing on a local radio show.
Wales full-back Liam Williams will miss Scarlets' European Challenge Cup game against Zebre on Friday, but the region will not be delaying his move to Saracens.
In the middle of a field in Maidenhead United's training ground, former Premier League striker DJ Campbell is working on his game.
A bill to bring railway policing into Police Scotland has been tabled at Holyrood.
The Secretary of State, Theresa Villiers, has agreed to grant the Northern Ireland Executive extra borrowing powers to pay for a redundancy scheme.
Ross County have signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal.
Tennis star Maria Sharapova has been mocked on social media for not knowing who Sachin Tendulkar is.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually abusing two boys at a residential home.
The name of the National Assembly for Wales should be changed to the Welsh Parliament, a senior AM is to propose.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has chaired his final cabinet meeting in David Cameron's cabinet.
A bid for public funding for a new hub in Carmarthen to replace S4C's headquarters could be rejected by the Welsh Government.
A breed of honey bee native to the south west of England could help save the world's bee population.
A settlement offer has been made in a legal battle over plans for a mosque which has been opposed by the English Defence League (EDL).
French police investigating the robbery of US reality TV star Kim Kardashian West have arrested three more people, including her bodyguard.
As the world mourns the loss of the world's most famous man, one man's memory of Muhammad Ali is as clear in the mind's eye as it was when we stood in a queue outside a bookshop in Glasgow.
When Tony Smith joined Wasps from Leeds Rhinos in the summer of 2013, he was the latest in a long line of rugby league stars to switch codes.
The father of two children allegedly abducted by an Australian mother in a custody dispute in Lebanon has said he will not drop charges against her.
Researchers at Swansea University have developed software that can identify cancer cells.
Championship side Bristol have signed Leinster lock Luke Harris-Wright and three other new players ahead of the new season.
A lorry driver who killed a couple in a head-on crash has been jailed for eight years.
The number of new inquiries into the UK housing market fell by 20% in April, according to property surveyors.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has told state governors that the country's "day of impunity" is over, as he announced a three-month budget deficit.
Scarlets sevens player James Davies has apologised for "losing his composure" during Sunday's European Champions Cup defeat by Toulon in France.
Children's author Helen Bailey was likely to have been killed by a "third party", a pathologist has told a murder trial.
Britain's Tom Daley won silver in the men's synchronised 10m platform at the FINA/NVC Diving World Series in Budapest.
Demolition of a former school in Flintshire to make way for hundreds of new homes has begun.
Rock star David Bowie has died of cancer at the age of 69.
The world's biggest supplier of palm oil, Olam International, has been accused of buying palm oil from rogue producers in Indonesia that may contribute to the haze affecting the region.
A Scottish peer has been caught on camera praising China's investment in Tibet at a conference in Lhasa.
A 4ft (1.2m) long shark has been found washed up on a Pembrokeshire beach.
A decade-long pause in the rise in global temperatures has been explained by the oceans, a study suggests.
With the January transfer window set to close at 23:00 GMT on 1 February, clubs, agents and players alike are gearing up for the final days of the transfer window.
"No persuasive evidence" has been found to show a council properly planned and managed a landslip that forced residents to leave their homes.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice, including a controversial own goal, as Arsenal beat 10-man Hull City in the Premier League.
Facebook has said it has taken action to remove pages belonging to convicted sex offenders after a BBC investigation.
Norwich City were relegated from the Premier League after Aaron Ramsey's spectacular goal gave Arsenal victory at Carrow Road.
Mark Barnett has been appointed as Derbyshire's new director of cricket as part of a major overhaul of the club.
England opener Keaton Jennings should be dropped before the Ashes, says former South Africa captain Graeme Smith.
The City regulator is to investigate former HBOS executives over the collapse of the bank in 2008.
NHS Lothian has said a hospital cleaner who contacted a woman on Facebook was not a patient.
Troops in the Philippines say they have retaken "complete control" of the city of Marawi, a week after it was overrun by Islamist militants.
The RMT union has complained to Twitter that Southern Rail has been "bullying" its members.
Five people have been arrested after a laser pen was shone at a plane approaching Edinburgh Airport.
A man who raped a woman in Cardiff city centre has lost an appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire players Billy Godleman and Shiv Thakor have signed new contracts with the club.
Two Polish police officers have been sent to the town where a Polish man was murdered after two other Polish men were attacked.
With the UK's EU referendum on 23 June fast approaching, many British expats in Australia are preparing to vote.
Mo Farah's former coach has said an athletics club has been banned from training in Windsor Great Park.
Lady Gaga has announced she will play a record-breaking eight shows at Wembley Stadium in 2017.
Greg Eden scored four tries as Castleford moved to the top of Super League with victory over Leigh.
The number of plastic carrier bags used in the UK has gone up in the last two years, according to government figures.
South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has declared a state of emergency in the city of Charlotte after a second night of protests over the police shooting of a black man.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Pride parade in Belfast on Saturday.
A Lebanese journalist and her TV station have gone on trial at a UN-backed tribunal investigating the murder of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in The Hague.
Boris Johnson has become one of the most high-profile figures in the campaign for the UK to vote in the EU referendum on 23 June.
Jailed South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has suffered a setback in his bid to be released on house arrest.
A 16-year-old boy who fell from a bridge in Rhondda Cynon Taff has told Newsbeat he's "lucky to be alive".
A group of musicians in South Sudan are calling for an end to the violence in the world's newest country.
Bernardo Babenco, the Brazilian director of the Oscar-winning film Kiss of the Spider Woman, has died at the age of 69.
Scientists have built ten generations of "intelligent" robots.
Singer Ed Sheeran has donated his clothes and accessories to three charity shops, including children's hospice St Elizabeth Hospice and Sue Ryder.
Tanzania's public health minister has been criticised on Twitter for saying homosexuals would be hunted down and killed.
A 90-year-old man has died after being pulled from the River Leith in Edinburgh.
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Dagenham & Redbridge slipped to the bottom of League Two with defeat at Mansfield.
Nine football fans have been arrested after a pitch invasion and flares were set off during a match.
A man who set his sister on fire has been jailed for life.
Two men have been arrested after a man died in a hit-and-run in Barnsley.
Northern Ireland striker Conor Washington says he has been "lucky" to be in the right place at the right time after his rapid rise to international football.
A Grade II-listed manor house has reopened to the public after a £3m restoration.
A couple from Derbyshire have won the World Wife Carrying Championships in the Czech Republic.
The US President, Barack Obama, has signed the first treaty to regulate the global arms trade in more than two decades.
The Great Manchester Run will go ahead as planned on Sunday, despite the terror attack at the Manchester Arena.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist died in a crash with a car.
Essex fast bowler Steve Harmer says he will return to South Africa "on an absolute road" after taking 28 wickets in two County Championship games.
The education of prisoners in England and Wales is to be reviewed, the justice secretary has announced.
In the 1970s and 1980s Latin America was a hotbed of military dictatorships.
The team behind the world's first electric bus that runs on a fuel made from ant stings and bites is a group of students in the Netherlands.
A jockey who claimed he was a sleepwalker has been banned from driving for six months for drink driving.
A landmark building in Swansea city centre is to be demolished to make way for a new home for Swansea council's civic centre.
A dog was found abandoned by the side of a road in Kent with its claws forcibly removed.
A man from Northern Ireland has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin.
Sale Sharks prop Vadim Cobilas is to join Bordeaux-Begles next season.
Dundee United have signed Paul Keatings from Hibernian on a two-year deal.
Activity in the UK mortgage market has picked up, according to the latest figures.
The father and first husband of alleged "honour killing" victim Samia Shahid have appeared in court in Pakistan.
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled a digital assistant that can be controlled using gestures.
Lorry drivers have been filmed using their mobile phones while driving on motorways.
British number three Kyle Edmund reached the quarter-finals of the Abierto Mexicano Telcel with a straight-set win over Argentina's Federico Delbonis.
Nigeria's former defence minister Bello Haliru Mohammed has been charged with fraud and money laundering.
Police are searching for a man who has gone missing with his three children.
US midfielder Christian Pulisic scored twice as Borussia Dortmund came from two goals down to beat Ingolstadt in the Bundesliga.
Voting has begun in the general election in Cheshire.
Scotland's Alan Forsyth is relishing the chance to play against the best teams in the world at the Hockey World League in London.
A drugs expert has warned of the dangers of "superman" ecstasy pills after the deaths of four people in the UK.
Americans Gary Hart and Bengt Holmstrom have won the Nobel economics prize for their analysis of public sector contracts.
Parts of central Italy have been hit by a cold snap that has seen temperatures fall to as low as -18C (-0.4F).
The German pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca (AZ) has announced a $1bn (£700m) research programme to tackle diseases caused by faulty genes in the human body.
Premiership club Northampton Saints have announced plans to build a new stand at Franklin's Gardens.
lambing season is a busy time for farmers, with thousands of baby sheep being born across the UK...
Police are investigating after two men suffered serious injuries in a disturbance at a club in the Castlemilk area of Glasgow.
Two bottles of whisky salvaged from a shipwreck that inspired the novel Whisky Galore have been sold at auction for £180,000.
A police force has been accused of "sexual stereotyping" and "in poor taste" after a crime scene was recreated in a sandcastle.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has divided opinion in the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
The future of the home of the British Grand Prix has been secured after the sale of Formula 1 owner Liberty Media.
Two World War Two glider pilots from Gloucester who took part in the Rhine Landings have been honoured at the Jet Age Museum in Gloucester.
Mining giant Rio Tinto has raised its target for acceptance of its bid for Mozambique-based coal miner Riversdale Mining.
An opposition leader in Congo-Brazzaville has called for a boycott of a referendum that could allow the president to seek a third term in office.
Leinster have re-signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal.
The mother of former Olympic mountain bike champion Chris Boardman has died in a crash.
A terminally-ill five-year-old boy who inspired Sunderland fans to raise £1m for treatment in the US will lose his fight, his mother has said.
Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US-based car electronics firm Harman International for $7.5bn (£5.4bn).
The draw for the fourth round of the EFL Cup and the quarter-finals of the Scottish League Cup.
Peterborough United have signed striker Jamie Lloyd from non-league side Welling United for an undisclosed fee.
Plans to demolish part of a former entertainment complex in Cornwall have been approved by Cornwall Council.
A man accused of shooting dead an Indian man and wounding two others in the US state of Kansas told a bartender he had "done something really bad", police say.
The funeral of entertainer Keith Harris has taken place in Blackpool.
Luke Marshall scored two tries as Gloucester beat Sale Sharks to boost their hopes of reaching the Premiership play-offs.
Google has been ordered to hand over information about fake reviews of a Dutch nursery on its Google+ social networking site.
Non-league Solihull Moors will host Oxford United in the first round of the FA Cup.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at protecting religious freedom.
A mother and daughter who confronted a man at a far-right rally have said they will not be intimidated by his views.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who died after a fight at a holiday park.
Former England defender Liam Ridgewell's Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew 2-1 to win the MLS Cup in the United States.
The mothers of three of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster have been appointed MBEs in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is willing to discuss the possibility of North and South Korea co-hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Footage has emerged of the moment a gunman tried to attack Turkish opposition journalist Can Dundar outside his home in Istanbul.
Carmarthenshire council has said the historic Guildhall in the town could be turned into a museum.
The Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi is to be celebrated at this year's Brighton Festival.
Prince William is leaving his job as a helicopter pilot to become a consultant at the NHS.
The US Senate has rejected a UN treaty to protect the rights of the disabled, with most Republicans voting against ratification.
The High Court's ruling that Parliament must vote on when to start the process of leaving the EU is "not legitimacy", the solicitor general has said.
Thousands of children in Kenya have taken part in a bid to break the world record for the largest ever reading aloud.
Spain's Dani Pedrosa won a MotoGP race for the first time in 18 months as world championship leader Valentino Rossi finished second in the Japanese Grand Prix.
Author JK Rowling has thanked Twitter users for their "thoughts and support" after she was subjected to abuse on the social media site.
Iranian prosecutors say the most likely cause of the death of detained blogger Sattar Beheshti was shock, state media report.
A World War One airfield used as a military base has been given listed status.
A man has appeared at Dungannon Magistrates Court charged with attempted murder.
The performance of Scotland's criminal courts has improved despite the closure of 17 sheriff and justice of the peace courts, a report has said.
A new Police Scotland horse has been named Harris after the islands of Lewis and Harris.
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid at a supermarket in Fife.
Redfoo is hosting the MTV Europe Music Awards (EMA) in Glasgow on Sunday.
At least nine people have been killed in shelling at a school in the rebel-held eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on the first day of the new school year.
The trial of a Dublin teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until 2 August.
A group of boiler owners who signed up to the botched Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme are to meet on Thursday.
Ulster University (UU) has warned that the vote to leave the European Union could lead to a fall in the number of EU students in Northern Ireland.
Hull City have signed Uruguay striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club record £10m and Newcastle's Hatem Ben Arfa on a season-long loan.
The 150th anniversary of Big Ben has been chosen as the date to celebrate London's history.
A rare and endangered species of wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia.
England coach Steve McNamara says he is "in no rush" to sign a new contract after Saturday's victory over New Zealand in the Four Nations.
A man who raped and murdered an Irish woman in Australia in 2012 has been found guilty of raping three other women.
Prince William and Prince Harry will attend a memorial service to mark the 20th anniversary of the death of their mother, Princess Diana.
The UK government's £24.3bn sale of ARM Holdings to Japan's Softbank is a "bad deal", former City minister Lord Myners has said.
R&B singer Ray BLK has been named the BBC's Sound of 2017 - a list of the year's best new music.
A Canadian theme park has been charged with four counts of animal cruelty after allegedly failing to provide adequate care for a peacock and guinea hens.
Scottish Women's Premier League side Hibernian Ladies reached the last 16 of the Scottish Women's Cup with a 2-0 win over Queen's Park.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael ei godi i'r categori uchaf yng nghanolfan terfysgol ym Manceinion nos Lun wedi cael ei osod pecyn amheus yn amlwg fod
A holiday firm has collapsed, leaving more than 1,000 people stranded in Turkey.
The Italian captain of the Costa Concordia cruise ship that capsized in 2012, killing 32 people, is appealing against his conviction.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "trying to find a compromise" on the future of Scotland's relationship with the EU.
Lebanese security forces have foiled a plot to smuggle a legal high into Saudi Arabia, the state-run National News Agency (NNA) reports.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has been extradited to the United States to face drug trafficking charges.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence of people in Scotland 3,000 years earlier than previously thought.
Manchester City and Chelsea have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players in Saturday's Premier League match.
The fossilised body of a new species of dinosaur has been found in Germany.
Sunderland and England footballer Adam Johnson has denied charges of sexual activity and grooming with a 15-year-old girl.
The new operator of the South Western rail franchise has been accused of reneging on a promise to keep a second member of staff on trains.
Scientists say the dinosaurs that walked the Earth 100 million years ago were able to cross the Antarctic from South America to Australia.
Two people have escaped injury after a light aircraft crashed in a field in North Yorkshire.
One of the world's top bankers has told the BBC that the European Union can dictate how many more jobs are moved out of London after Brexit.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir have clashed with protesters after a Hindu temple in the city of Jammu was vandalised by Muslims.
A legal bid to unseat Orkney and Shetland MP Alistair Carmichael at the general election has failed.
Paving slabs in Hull which spell out a poem in Braille have been branded "meaningless".
Lewis Hamilton says he needs to improve his consistency if he is to win a fourth world title this year.
The PC version of Grand Theft Auto V has been delayed.
League One side Fleetwood Town have signed Jack Rothwell and Oumarguire.
NHS staff have tried to refer patients for gay conversion therapy in the past, Newsbeat has learned.
AKrebsOnSecurity.com security blogger who has been targeted by hackers and cybercriminals says he has been the victim of an attempted murder plot.
An NHS trust that runs two hospitals in east London has been placed in special measures by the health watchdog.
Scottish salmon exports surged in the first three months of the year, according to the Food and Drink Federation (FDF).
Four-time Olympic champion Katherine Grainger has been awarded the Scottish Sports Personality of the Year award for her achievements on and off the field.
Dozens of pilot whales stranded on a beach in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu have died.
A man accused of stabbing his former partner to death told police she had the knife in her hand, a murder trial has heard.
League One side Gillingham have signed Queens Park Rangers striker Emmanuel-Thomas on a two-year deal.
A Northern Ireland politician has said his wife's use of a horse-powered boiler to heat her home has been approved by the Health and Social Care Board.
Tyrrell Hatton's second-place finish at the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links on Thursday was a remarkable achievement.
England's innings-and-209-run win over Pakistan in the second Test was an "absolute hammering", says former captain Michael Vaughan.
Jamie Hamill has returned to Kilmarnock after being released by Hearts.
Five-time Olympic downhill champion Lindsey Vonn has won her first World Cup race of the season in Cortina, Italy.
The EU is "making concession after concession" to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over a visa-free travel deal, Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said.
People have been using Your Questions to ask us what they want to know about the BBC.
Volkswagen has said about 800,000 cars sold in the UK contain the software used to cheat emissions tests.
Nigerians have begun voting in key state elections in Africa's most populous nation.
Hibernian are appealing against their head coach Neil Lennon's four-match touchline ban.
The NHS in Northern Ireland has been under intense pressure in recent years.
Celtic's Brendan Rodgers, Aberdeen's Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle's Alan Archibald have been shortlisted for the PFA Scotland manager of the year award, alongside Ton's Jim Duffy.
As the Church in Wales prepares to elect its first female bishop, the BBC Wales News website looks at the history of women in the church in Wales.
Former loyalist paramilitaries injured during the Troubles should be entitled to a special victims' pension, the BBC's Spotlight programme has learned.
A white supremacist who killed three people at two Jewish sites in the US has been sentenced to death.
Norwich City have signed Wigan defender Josh Wildschut for an undisclosed fee and have agreed a deal to sign PSV Eindhoven midfielder Davyd Dijks.
The Duke of Cambridge has completed his final shift as a search and rescue helicopter pilot at RAF Valley on Anglesey.
Stephen Dobbie headed Queen of the South into the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals with victory over Alloa Athletic.
Police acted "proportionately and reasonable" in the case of a man who collapsed and died after being restrained by members of the public, the police watchdog has said.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a wealthy Washington DC family and their housekeeper last week.
Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast has been cleared for release in Malaysia after censors approved a "minor edit".
A man's body has been found after a search for a man in the sea off Swansea.
Australia's Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has launched a blistering attack on two of the country's media.
Prosecutors in Mexico have asked a judge to issue arrest warrants for some of the staff at a nursery where a fire killed dozens of children in 2009.
A man arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl more than 50 years ago has been released on bail.
There are few things more frustrating than a bad hotel room.
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas and Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas have been left out of new Spain coach Julen Lopetegui's first squad.
Indian author Mukherjee is the bookmakers' favourite to win the £50,000 Man Booker Prize for fiction.
Hundreds of thousands of people in the town of Tomatina in northern Spain are throwing tomatoes at each other to celebrate the town's famous tomato festival.
A rare shark has been caught off the coast of Pembrokeshire by a group of anglers.
A video of a gorilla dancing has gone viral after it was filmed at a zoo.
I've been a sports journalist for more than 30 years and in that time I've been to every major sporting event in the world.
The NHS in Scotland is facing a "perfect storm" for nurses, a union has warned.
The original recording of the World Cup anthem sung by England's 1966 World Cup squad has been released after 35 years.
Thousands of computer printers have been invaded by a hacker who hijacked them.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged after a man was stabbed in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield Town eased to victory at Wrexham in the National League.
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has accused the broadcasters of "putting the genie back in the bottle" over planned TV election debates.
The final demolition of the camp known as the Jungle in Calais, France, has been completed.
Egypt's new President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has vowed to fight terrorism and achieve security, hours after being sworn in.
Gianfranco Zola's Birmingham City came from two goals down to earn a point at 10-man Barnsley.
The Open University (OU) is planning to use data analytics to identify students who may be struggling with their studies.
Manchester City Women moved top of Women's Super League One with victory at Birmingham City Ladies.
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has more than doubled since the start of the year, according to US officials.
West Indies batsman Chris Gayle has been reprimanded by the Big Bash League after telling a female reporter to "don't blush" during a live television interview.
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome's Fiumicino airport after trying to smuggle cocaine hidden in his trainers.
Nato and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of US special forces from the eastern province of Wardak.
Universities must be "more civic" after the Brexit vote, the education secretary has said.
India is the world's largest exporter of milk, and the country's dairy industry is worth more than $100bn (£70bn).
The Doonhamers have cancelled their second annual Doonhamers' Festival after ticket sales failed to meet expectations.
Sir Ben Ainslie's Oracle Team USA beat Emirates Team New Zealand to win the 35th America's Cup in one of the greatest comebacks in sailing history.
Swansea City defender Angel Rangel says Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is "a maestro".
England's Laura Massaro and Sarah-Jane Perry will meet in the British Open women's final after compatriot Nick Matthew reached the men's final.
Ex-employees of the former Ilex regeneration company in Londonderry are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive.
Three wards at Raigmore Hospital in Inverness have reopened to visitors after an outbreak of norovirus.
Hundreds of photographs of children growing up in poverty in the 1960s and 1970s are being sought by a charity.
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenage girl in a car crash.
A ferry that was damaged when it hit a pier has returned to service.
A chef who killed a feral cat in a hotel kitchen has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A strike by ferry workers in Calais is causing major disruption to cross-Channel travel.
Team Sky defied a ban on injecting their riders with banned substances, the Press Association has learned.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from a Kent woman.
Former England captain David Beckham has dropped his Cockney accent, University of Manchester researchers have found.
Former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips says the proposed merger of Racing 92 and Stade Francais is a "huge shock".
Emoji flags for Wales, Scotland and England have been approved to be added to computer keyboards.
(Close): UK shares and the pound recovered some ground after the Scottish referendum vote against independence.
Prejudice-based bullying of young people in Scotland is on the rise, according to a report by a Holyrood committee.
A council on the Western Isles has been targeted by a scam email.
League One side Rochdale have re-signed Paul Mullin on a two-year deal.
Three people have been injured in a three-vehicle crash on the A75 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Coventry City Football Club has met with Rugby Borough Council to discuss plans for a new stadium.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling options for 2017.
Leicester Tigers and England hooker Tom Youngs says he is determined to return to the national side after back surgery.
Wales suffered the worst defeat in their history as Australia snatched a dramatic victory in Cardiff.
The home secretary has said the Conservatives will look again at their pledge to cut net migration to the tens of thousands in their general election manifesto.
Rangers moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Aberdeen.
Prime Minister David Cameron has called for Wales to be "at the heart" of a "new settlement" for the UK following the Scottish independence referendum.
A blood test to diagnose Alzheimer's disease could be a decade away, say researchers.
The world's largest cruise ship, Harmony of the Seas, has been built in Shanghai, China.
Hal Robson-Kanu, Anton Ferdinand and Simon Cox have all left Reading.
Skegness's mascot, the Jolly Fisherman, should be replaced with a fish, an animal rights group has said.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he has been granted Russian citizenship after giving up his French passport.
Defending champion Scott Waites was knocked out in the quarter-finals of the BDO World Darts Championship by Dutchman Jimmy Noppert.
Swansea City are interested in Paul Clement and Garry Rowett for the vacant manager's job.
Former Dundee interim boss Neil McCann has been appointed as the club's full-time manager.
Two Grade II-listed public swimming pools and a stately home are among the world's "at risk", according to the World Monuments Fund.
A chronology of key events:
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of "staggering arrogance" after taking part in a Champions League match in Portugal.
A giant "corpse flower" that smells like rotting flesh has bloomed in Scotland for the first time.
The number of children referred to a specialist service for help with gender identity issues has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivia's President Evo Morales has conceded defeat in a referendum campaign to allow him to run for a fourth term in office.
League One side Sheffield United have signed Fulham defender Richard Stearman on a two-year deal.
Organisers of the Tour de France say a high-speed train came within seconds of a crash at the end of the race on the Champs-Elysees in Paris.
Fans celebrating a touchdown at a US football game registered seismic activity on Sunday night.
The corruption scandal engulfing football's world governing body, Fifa, is threatening the sponsorship deals of some of the sport's biggest names.
England and Wales have accused each other of scrummaging illegally in the Six Nations.
A man accused of a brawl at a wedding has told a court he was trying to defuse a row over a fireplace.
Britain's Cal Crutchlow won the Grand Prix of the Americas to claim his first MotoGP victory.
Afghan forces, backed by Nato troops, have freed 30 Taliban prisoners in southern Afghanistan, the alliance says.
The world's most populous Muslim-majority country, Indonesia is one of the world's largest democracies.
Sainsbury's has reported another fall in like-for-like sales as it continues to lose market share to discount chains.
A genetic test for inherited heart conditions could be offered on the NHS, the British Heart Foundation has said.
Hampshire moved to the top of the T20 Blast South Group with a four-wicket win over Glamorgan at the Ageas Bowl as Middlesex beat Sussex by two runs.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a boat in Peterhead harbour.
Photographs of the body of the 10-year-old son of the leader of the Tamil Tiger rebels have been released in Sri Lanka.
Manchester City came from two goals down to beat Bayern Munich and finish second in Champions League Group D.
A "jekyll and Hyde" jealous man who killed two girlfriends has been jailed for life.
The British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa, the fly-on-the-kitbag story of the 1997 British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa, is the most quotable, and without question the most revelatory...
Greater Manchester's Tameside Hospital has been taken out of special measures.
Bombay House in Mumbai is one of the most iconic buildings in the city.
La Liga side Deportivo La Coruna have sacked head coach Luis Sanchez after a poor season.
A US women's college has removed a professorship named after comedian Bill Cosby after dozens of women accused him of sexual assault.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki beat Sloane Stephens to reach the Rogers Cup final.
A 42-year-old woman who died when a lorry crashed into a block of flats in North Ayrshire has been named.
Five teenagers have been given detention and training orders after a Halloween riot in Torfaen.
Favourite Air Force Blue was outclassed in the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket as Frankie Dettori's 20-1 shot Rule The World won the race.
India's government has proposed a law that would ban the collection of all types of information that could be used to identify the country.
Rory McIlroy and Lee Westwood share the lead on seven under par after the first round of the DP World Tour Championship.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) has launched a campaign to buy a rare portrait of an 18th Century slave.
Public hearings into allegations against the late Labour peer Lord Janner have been delayed until March 2017.
Polls have opened across the UK in local and mayoral elections, including a by-election in South Shields.
Palestinian leaders have welcomed Israel's removal of security barriers and metal detectors at a holy site in Jerusalem's Old City.
A seven-year-old girl who went missing in the Indian capital has been found after a social media campaign by her family.
Police are searching a park after three human feet have been found in the area.
Plans for a "smart" motorway on the hard shoulder of the M4 in Berkshire have been submitted to the government.
Radon gas has been found in almost 100 homes in the Channel Islands.
Cuts to services in Wrexham council's budget have been approved.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley hit centuries on a rain-affected first day against Hampshire at Chelmsford.
Two police dog units are to merge in a bid to save money.
A 91-year-old man who killed two people after driving the wrong way on motorways died after two police forces failed to intervene.
Linfield will face Celtic in the Champions League second qualifying round after Jordan Stewart's late goal secured a 1-0 win over La Fiorita in San Marino.
Plans to create 13 new marine protected areas in Welsh waters have been scrapped, the natural resources minister has said.
Paddy McCourt has left League Two side Luton Town to return to Northern Ireland.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was struck by a car in Hamilton.
DNA belonging to one of two men accused of an acid attack on a journalist at his home in Glasgow matched that of the accused, a court has heard.
The annual HebCelt music festival has opened on the Isle of Lewis.
The number of women becoming nuns in the UK has "turned a corner", the Catholic Church in England and Wales has said.
Wolves striker Zyro could be out for up to a year with a serious knee injury.
A British-Iranian woman jailed for five years in Iran has been accused of working for the BBC.
Bradford City thrashed non-league Chesham United to reach the third round of the FA Cup.
A man wrongly convicted of the murder of a woman in Derbyshire in the 1970s may have been the Yorkshire Ripper, an ex-detective has claimed.
A killer who stabbed a woman to death in a hostel had "unbelievable strength", a police officer has told an inquest.
The head of the Organization of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has hit back at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro for calling him a traitor.
A Berkshire fire station is to close permanently.
If you want to know what the future holds for the UK's relationship with the EU, stop here.
A man has appeared in court charged with drugs offences after a 15-year-old girl died after taking a "legal high".
A four-year-old boy in New Zealand has won NZ$1m ($800,000) in the Bonus Bonds scheme.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old defender Jack Davies on a one-year deal.
Commodities trader Noble Group has warned it will report a net loss of $1.5bn (£1.1bn) because of falling coal prices.
South African police have replaced detective Hilton Botha as the lead investigator in the Oscar Pistorius murder case.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, Kirsty Williams, will be the first of the party's leaders to appear on the BBC Wales election programme.
The UK's defence secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said Nato countries must shoulder a "fairer share" of the cost of defence.
Iran has arrested eight people accused of "spreading immoral and un-Islamic culture" on the photo-sharing site Instagram, state media report.
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead remains in control of the Women's Tour after stage four, won by Netherlands' Marianne Vos.
A woman has been found dead at a house hours after being questioned by police.
A "pit bull" dog facing death by lethal injection is to be flown to the US to find a new home.
Actress Michelle Yeoh has been honoured with the lifetime achievement award at the Hong Kong Film Awards.
Emma Pooley is to come out of retirement to race for Great Britain at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
A man has denied owning a dog that killed a man who was mauled to death by his pet.
A man said he was "humiliated" after being removed from a train at Slough station for having wires in his bag.
Portugal's cabinet has approved a law to give passports to descendants of Jews who were expelled from the country more than 500 years ago.
The Duchess of Cambridge has told tennis coach Judy Murray she would "love to do more" with the sport.
League Two play-off hopefuls AFC Wimbledon slipped to third in the National League table after defeat by Portsmouth.
The number of recorded homicides in Scotland has continued to fall, according to new figures from the Scottish government.
Holders Wigan Warriors will host Warrington Wolves in the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup.
Household spending power in Northern Ireland is the lowest in the UK, a report has found.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton dominated the Italian Grand Prix to take the lead in the world championship.
Photographs of Paralympic champion Richard Whitehead's training for the London 2012 and Rio 2016 Games are to go on display.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he was "delighted" with Jeremy Corbyn's first Prime Minister's Questions.
About 200 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's flood-hit Limpopo province.
US property tycoon Donald Trump has vowed to sue the Scottish government after it approved plans for the Aberdeen Offshore Wind Deployment Centre.
A coach drop-off and pick-up point in Conwy town centre could be improved to help foreign visitors cross the road safely.
Ulster Bank has said it is working to fix a problem with its online banking system that has affected some of its customers.
A German man who was arrested on suspicion of being in contact with the Berlin Christmas market attacker has been released.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade says taking the Bluebirds to the Championship play-off final would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Two directors of arts organisations on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant.
The European Union has pledged 1.5bn ($1.6bn; £1.1bn) to a trust fund for 23 African countries to help tackle the migrant crisis.
The UK would be better off using wind power to meet its climate change targets, a report has suggested.
The move by NHS England to publish the earnings of doctors working in the private sector in England has been a long time coming.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was killed near Leicester railway station.
Bath eased to a bonus-point win at London Irish in the first game since Sam Burgess returned to the club.
The Beatles' first contract, signed by John Lennon and The Beatles' manager Brian Epstein, has sold at auction for £80,000 at Sotheby's.
The Israeli city of Tel Aviv has been spared the brunt of the fighting in the Gaza Strip but it has been feeling the effects.
An eight-year-old Canadian boy was left crying in the back seat of an Air Canada flight when the airline overbooked.
Many teenagers in Northern Ireland are anxious about exams and feel bullied at school.
The UK's air traffic control service has warned that it is running out of time to cope with the volume of flights.
Social news site Reddit has published a "warrant canary" that has disappeared from the site.
Hundreds of girls in northern India have taken part in a selfie contest to mark the International Day of the Girl Child.
CCTV footage has emerged appearing to show Kenyan soldiers looting from the Westgate shopping centre during the attack.
Work has begun to clear up thousands of tonnes of debris washed up on beaches in Norfolk after Storm Desmond.
An outbreak of a suspected flu at a Carmarthenshire nursing home has led to the death of a resident.
Actor Lord of the Rings star Lord of the Rings actor Lord of the Rings creator Lord of the Rings creator Lord of the Rings actor Lord of the Rings star Lord of the Rings actor Lord of the Rings actor Lord of the Rings actor Lord of the Rings actor Lord of the Rings actor Lord of the Rings actor Lord
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out unnecessary cancer operations has told a court he did not deliberately scare patients.
A team of scientists and explorers are heading to the Arctic.
Google has reported a 12% rise in net income to $5.1bn (£3.6bn) in the first three months of the year.
Senga won the Nassau Stakes at Glorious Goodwood.
Gateshead secured their first win of the National League season with victory over Wrexham.
China has said it will not recognise an international tribunal's ruling that rejected its claims in the South China Sea.
A refugee who completed his masters degree at Glasgow University is working to help people with facial injuries.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in West Lothian.
League One club Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by London businessman Nigel Travis.
Prime Minister Theresa May has indicated that she would like to call an early general election before the next scheduled general election in 2020.
More than 70 council staff will work from a temporary office after a council building was destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
Spending on private ambulances in England has more than doubled in the past five years, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Liverpool eased into the fourth round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win at Burton Albion.
England spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the remainder of the Women's World Twenty20 in India with a side strain.
New Ipswich Town defender Steven Taylor says the club's reserves should earn their place in the first team.
e-fit images of two men wanted in connection with the rape of a teenage girl have been released by police.
National League side Dover Athletic have signed Gateshead full-back Luke Atkinson on loan until January.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" reports that the CIA believes Russia meddled in the US election.
Portugal's bond and stock markets have fallen on fears the centre-right government could be toppled by left-wing parties.
Welsh snowboarder Katie Potter says she is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Four men have admitted assaulting and robbing two cousins at gunpoint in Fife.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Coventry City midfielder Matt Reid on a two-year deal.
"He's the John Toshack of football."
Young people living in poverty in Scotland are more likely to be involved in violent crime, a study has suggested.
A man who stalked and murdered his ex-girlfriend has been found guilty of her murder.
Jason Rebellion is a lance-wielding joust, and he is not afraid of heights.
A British seeds company has said it is "confident" its products are not the source of an E. coli outbreak in France linked to sprout seeds.
A bid to re-tender a hospital's fertility unit has been rejected.
Motorists faced hours of delays after a section of the M6 was closed following a fatal crash involving a lorry and a car.
England footballer Adam Johnson told his partner he had cheated on her with other women, a court has heard.
Social mobility in England and Wales is at its worst since the 1930s, says the man who set up the government's inquiry into the issue.
Israel's prime minister has said Iran's test of a ballistic missile on Monday violates a UN Security Council resolution.
Fans of rail engineering works on the Great Western Main Line are to be given a live feed of the work.
Andrew Selby will make the first defence of his British and Commonwealth super-bantamweight titles against Jamie Norman on Saturday.
Glasgow Warriors' defeat by Northampton Saints in the European Champions Cup on Saturday was a chastening experience.
Match reports from the weekend matches in the Scottish Premiership and Leagues One and Two.
Sheffield United boosted their League One survival hopes with victory at Chesterfield.
Most of us have heard of a place name, whether it's the name of a town, a village or a country lane.
Labour has launched its general election campaign in Wales.
Great Britain won four rowing and track cycling gold medals on day four of the Paralympics in Rio.
A senior judge is to review the Metropolitan Police's handling of historical child abuse allegations.
The winner of the £50,000 Man Booker Prize for fiction will be announced on Tuesday night, with US author Esi Yanagihara the favourite for her debut novel The Sense of an Ending.
A cathedral's decision to allow a Muslim student to read a passage from the Koran about Jesus has been criticised by a former chaplain.
The mass murderer who killed 77 people in Norway has complained in a leaked letter about his prison cell conditions.
American Phil Mickelson carded a four-under-par 68 to take a one-shot lead after the second round of The Open at Royal Troon.
Labour sources say the leak of a draft of the party's general election manifesto before it has been discussed by the shadow cabinet is "unprecedented".
A drug can clear the build-up of a protein in the brain that causes Alzheimer's disease, a study suggests.
Sinn Féin MLA Gerry McCann has said Northern Ireland's Attorney General John Larkin should resign.
A 25-year-old author attacked a shop worker after she criticised his book, a court has heard.
Atletico Madrid won their first La Liga title since 1996 with a draw at Barcelona.
Construction of the Beatrice offshore wind farm in the Cromarty Firth is getting under way.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Scottish tour guide in Lapland.
A Swansea scientist has been honoured for his contribution to the development of radio astronomy.
For a man who has been "crushed" by health problems and has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, David Jenkinson's photographs of the Welsh countryside are a source of inspiration.
The Woodland Trust are calling for more trees to be protected in the UK.
The Taliban have ended a siege of a police base in northern Afghanistan after days of fighting, officials say.
As part of the Celtic Connections festival in Cardiff Bay, BBC Wales has been looking at some of the traditional Welsh folk music.
The number of critically ill patients being discharged from A&E units in Wales has increased, a report has found.
Former Swansea City boss Bob Bradley has been appointed head coach of new Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy.
Thirty-six survivors of sexual enslavement by so-called Islamic State (IS) have been rescued, the UN says.
Six women have been arrested in Spain after a flashmob in a seaside town turned into a stampede.
With the World Cup in Brazil coming to a close, BBC Sport has looked at the best teams of all time.
Hundreds of people have been killed in an earthquake in the country of Nepal in the South Asia.
The chief executive of a patients' organisation in Wales was suspended in February 2016, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
Thousands of knights and dames have taken part in a procession in the Vatican to mark the 900th anniversary of the founding of the Knights of Malta.
Liesl Carr, who played Liesl von Trapp in the hit film The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 72.
A 25-year-old man has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for hacking into US government computers and releasing a list of military personnel to the so-called Islamic State (IS).
The Formula 1 season heads to Hungary this weekend for the Hungarian Grand Prix and BBC Sport readers are predicting who will finish on the podium.
The National Crime Agency's new head of child protection, Sue Owens, was accused of "moral cowardice" by her own chief constable, the BBC has learned.
A "small number" of unsterile equipment has been found at Furness General Hospital in Barrow.
World number one tennis player Jamie Murray has been recognised in the New Year Honours list.
Wing George North says he needs to score more tries for Wales before the World Cup.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen in February has returned to France after six months in captivity.
Talks aimed at averting further strike action by Caledonian MacBrayne ferry workers are to be held on Wednesday, the RMT union has said.
England captain Joe Root says Saturday's World Twenty20 match against Sri Lanka is a "must-win" game.
At least 104 people have been killed in floods in the Indonesian province of West Java, officials say.
Two suspected members of so-called Islamic State (IS) have been arrested in raids in Germany on suspicion of planning a terror attack, police say.
Norwich City midfielder Michael Lafferty has been fined £8,000 by the Football Association after admitting to a betting offence.
A 16-year-old boy has admitted causing the deaths of two friends when he crashed a stolen car.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of terror offences after arriving from Turkey on a flight to the UK.
Blackpool Football Club chairman Karl Oyston has won £30,000 libel action against a fan who claimed he held a gun to a supporter's head.
"The devils are in this crisis."
A hotel in Aberdeen has been bought out of administration for £17.7m.
Andre Ward says he will "make a statement" in his rematch with Sergey Kovalev in Atlantic City on Saturday.
The government's plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales are a "recipe for disaster", the head of the bar in England and Wales has warned.
One of Adolf Hitler's last bodyguards who witnessed the Nazi leader shoot himself in the head during World War Two has died at the age of 97.
Ulster's hopes of making the Pro12 play-offs were all but ended as Ospreys secured a bonus-point win in Swansea.
An improvement notice has been issued after a fire at a deep potash mine near Gretna.
A woman has told a court she felt "dirty and ashamed" after being sexually abused by a "monster" as a child.
Essex and Glamorgan hope to maintain their hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals when they meet at Chelmsford.
The UK's trade and Brexit ministers are embarking on a tour of the world to promote the UK's interests after it leaves the EU.
A man is being hunted by police after a football match was abandoned when a player was allegedly seen with a knife.
The body of a man has been found in a drain in Lincolnshire.
At first it was a quiet night in the fields around the rebel-held village of Pisky in eastern Ukraine.
Cardiff Devils assistant coach Todd Kelman has said Sheffield Steelers' request to play the Challenge Cup final the night before a game is "silly".
Singer Phil Collins has postponed two gigs at London's O2 Arena after falling on stage in Germany.
A mother who was stabbed in the neck while carrying her three-month-old daughter has been moved out of a critical condition in hospital.
The World Snooker Players' Association has voted to keep the Shoot Out as a ranking event.
Charlotte Dujardin and Carl Brash are among the British riders competing at the FEI World Cup at the Olympia in London this week.
Shutter Speed, ridden by Frankie Dettori, won the Musidora Stakes at York to boost her chances of the Derby Trial.
It has been a year since 43 students from a teachers' college in Mexico went missing.
The National Theatre's artistic director Rufus Norris has said he is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity in the organisation.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest lap of the week in the penultimate practice session at the Isle of Man TT on Thursday night.
The Cheviot Hills, the Cheviot Hills, the Cheviot Hills, the Cheviot Hills, the Cheviot Hills, the Cheviot Hills, the Cheviot Hills.
A Glasgow restaurant and patisserie chain has closed with the loss of 70 jobs.
Thirteen people have been jailed for a drugs gang which sold cocaine and mephedrone in south Wales.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a cyclist who was "like being split in two with an axe".
Junior doctors in England are to be balloted on whether to accept a new contract in a row with the government.
Dangerous dogs seized by police have been kept in cages at a kennels in Devon, the BBC has learned.
Volkswagen is to stop car production at five more plants in Germany because of a dispute with two of its suppliers.
Young people would get a free bus pass to help them get from A to B, Nick Clegg has said, as the Liberal Democrats set out plans for a "Young Person's Bus Pass".
Pakistan beat West Indies by eight wickets in the day-night Test in Dubai, despite Dwayne Bravo's century.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW), which allows EU states to extradite a suspect to another EU member state, has been used in 4,431 cases in 2009.
Hospitals and care homes across the UK are preparing to celebrate Christmas Day with a festive feast of turkey, roast potatoes, stuffing, sprouts and Christmas pudding.
Sebastian Vettel headed team-mate Kimi Raikkonen in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix.
The family of a British woman who was found dead at an airport in Istanbul last year believe she acted alone.
England flanker Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of the Women's Rugby World Cup with a hamstring injury.
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a BBC radio DJ has told a court he "felt guilty" for having sex with her.
Britain's Chris Froome and Australia's Richie Porte remain second and third in the Criterium du Dauphine overall classification.
Joe Cardle scored twice as Dunfermline Athletic beat 10-man Falkirk in the Scottish Championship.
A booklet on how to register to vote in the EU referendum has been delivered to every home in the UK.
The giant Totten glacier in Antarctica is likely to retreat to the deep interior of its catchment, a new study suggests.
In the days after Richard Nixon fired the Watergate special prosecutor, Roger Dick Stone, a close associate of the president, told the New York Times: "This is the beginning of the end."
A North Sea oil company has said six workers were exposed to low levels of radioactive material on a platform.
A man who fled to Norway after killing a rival drug dealer has been jailed for manslaughter.
At least 700 migrants are feared drowned after a small boat capsized in the Mediterranean, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was killed on honeymoon in South Africa four years ago, say they hope the trial of her husband will reveal the truth about her death.
England beat Sri Lanka by 14 runs in the third one-day international at Bristol as rain prevented any play.
The government's plan to devolve more powers to the East Midlands has been met with opposition in two of the 13 councils involved.
Charlton Athletic are investigating a fan who confronted AFC Wimbledon manager Karl Robinson after Saturday's game at The Valley.
Hibernian cruised into the fourth round of the Scottish Cup with a thumping win over Bonnyrigg Rose at Tynecastle.
South African-born centre Huw Jones has been called up to the Scotland squad for the summer Tests against Japan.
The Queen has marked her 90th birthday with a message on her official Twitter account.
The Church of England's second woman bishop has been consecrated at York Minster.
Nottinghamshire captain Chris Read says pace bowler Jake Ball has improved since his winter with the England Lions.
The founder of the self-proclaimed sovereign state of Sealand off the Suffolk coast has died at the age of 91.
A British Ukulele orchestra has lost a legal bid to stop a rival group from using their name.
Primary school pupils in England are to be tested on their times tables in maths in 2019, the schools minister Nick Gibb has confirmed.
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into an air strike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) hospital in Afghanistan which killed at least 22 people.
Premiership champions Crusaders have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Mark McChrystal on a one-year deal.
In the heart of the Amazon rainforest in the Brazilian state of Amazonas, Dedel dos Santos was showing off his skills in the art of extracting oil from trees.
Ulster Rugby has defended its players' decision not to wear a Remembrance Day poppy at Sunday's game against Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingspan Stadium.
Gateshead striker Lee Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the National League club.
A massive video game archive has been found at a house in California, USA.
A Holyrood committee has backed plans to legalise same-sex marriage in Scotland.
TalkTalk customers in the UK are being targeted by a sophisticated scam in India, according to three whistleblowers who say they have seen evidence of the fraud.
A hospital trust has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog following an inspection.
A Scottish government minister has said the Scottish economy is "stronger" than other parts of the UK.
A woman has become the first in the world to have a baby after ovarian tissue was re-implanted following cancer treatment.
A US man who spent 22 years on death row in the US for a crime he says he did not commit has told the Victoria Derbyshire programme he believes he was wrongly convicted.
British number three Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in three sets to reach the second round of the Marseille Open.
In the House of Lords this week, the government's European Union (Withdrawal) Bill will face its biggest test of the year.
The chief constable of the Irish police, the Garda Sochna (Irish police), has said the force needs more officers.
Alan Curtis has been part of Swansea City's backroom staff for more than half a century - but he has never been a player.
Emre Can's stunning goal in Liverpool's 1-0 win at Watford on Saturday was the Premier League's best of the season so far.
A major study to see if a drug can prevent type-1 diabetes in childhood is to be launched in Scotland.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house.
India's biggest online retailer, Flipkart, has raised $1.5bn (£1.1bn) in fresh funding from existing investors.
A cabinet minister has said the High Court ruling on Brexit is an attempt to "frustrate the will of the British people".
Police in Greece are investigating comments made by members of the far-right Golden Dawn party about an attack on a left-wing MP in Athens last month.
Asset manager Alliance Trust has announced it is to replace its chief executive and chief financial officer after pressure from shareholders.
Nearly 20 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, a study suggests.
Britain's four-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome has apologised for the way Team Sky has been portrayed in the media.
Hundreds of people have staged a protest outside Liverpool Town Hall against cuts to services in the city.
An academy school in Merseyside is to close its sixth form.
England hooker Dylan Hartley says the British and Irish Lions selection is in the back of his mind as he prepares for the autumn internationals.
A patch that can repair damage to the heart after a heart attack has shown promise in animal studies.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will talk to midfielder Peter Whittingham about a new contract before the club's FA Cup tie against Fulham.
The BBC Proms at the Royal Albert Hall is one of the most important events in the classical music calendar.
The Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) has said US President Barack Obama has said he wants to visit Ireland.
Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic says team-mate Paul Pogba "likes the pressure" of being a target for criticism on social media.
A cervical cancer patient in Northern Ireland is one of four women in the UK taking part in a clinical trial which could save her life.
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must beat Slovenia to keep alive their hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup.
Early humans may have been breaking up animal bones 130,000 years ago, a study in the journal Science suggests.
Ex-England football captain Stuart Pearce is set to make his debut for a team dubbed the "worst in England".
The UN has warned that US President Donald Trump's plan to cut funding for the world body would "make it impossible" to continue its work.
Police investigating the death of a man who was found unconscious in a car boot in North Lanarkshire have said he was not the victim of a hit-and-run.
Children in England are among the youngest in the world to have the right to go out alone without supervision, a survey has found.
Six police officers are being investigated after a man had the tops of three of his fingers severed.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with a convincing win over Partick Thistle at Firhill.
More than £3bn of child maintenance debts owed to 1.3 million single parents in England and Wales are not being recovered, the BBC has learned.
Russell Brand has deleted the phone number and email of a Daily Mirror journalist on Twitter.
Israel's general election campaigns are a marathon, not a sprint.
Aberdeen's announcement that they are to pay off their bank debt of more than £20m is the latest example of Scottish football clubs being able to pay off their debts.
A prominent Chinese journalist jailed for leaking state secrets to a US website has had her sentence reduced on medical grounds.
The coroner for Cornwall has written to the health minister asking him to stop mental health patients leaving the county for treatment.
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says the job at Anfield is the "most interesting" in world football.
A record number of plastic bottles have been found on beaches in the UK, a survey has found.
Portsmouth defender Jack Whatmough has signed a new two-year contract with the club, with the option of a further 12 months.
Playwright James Graham has said he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign.
The launch of Channel 5's Celebrity Big Brother attracted an average of 2.3 million viewers on Thursday night, overnight ratings show.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said the UK will not be "pulling out" of the European Union.
Anglo-Australian mining companies BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto have agreed a settlement with Brazilian authorities over the deadly collapse of a dam in 2015.
Carry-on luggage bins on some Boeing 737 airliners are to be redesigned to reduce the amount of space they occupy.
South Africa bowled out Sri Lanka for 220 on the final day to win the first Test by 169 runs.
A 72-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual offences by officers from the Metropolitan Police's Operation Yewtree.
Tom Latham and Ben Steel hit centuries for Durham on day one against Gloucestershire.
Norwich City have signed Tottenham striker Alex Pritchard and Portsmouth goalkeeper Nathan Jones for undisclosed fees.
It has been a pretty good day for the pound and the stock market on the first day of trading after the general election.
Two police officers who gave evidence at an inquest into the killing of an IRA man in west Belfast are to be reported to prosecutors.
The death of a baby who died after a nursery worker gave her back slaps is to be reviewed by the government.
More than 350 Syrian refugees have been housed in Wales in the past year, according to new figures from the Home Office.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canada's Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his second Wimbledon title.
A GP has admitted persuading his wife to take his heroin in a bid to end their marriage.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Anthony Ogogo has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club.
Italy's Matteo Trentin won the fourth stage of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain's Chris Froome retained the overall lead.
American Jordan Spieth will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Tournament of Champions in Hawaii as he looks to win his first PGA Tour title in 18 months.
A sinkhole that opened in a town was caused by a gypsum mine, the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said.
Former off-spinner Graeme Swann says England's batsmen will struggle in India.
Dozens of jobs at a careers service are to be cut in a row over funding cuts by the Welsh Government, Unison has said.
Great Britain's Charlotte French and Jack Evans won mixed-team gold in the team event at the World Aquatics Championships in Budapest.
Watford have signed Colombia defender Juan Zuniga from Napoli on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Chancellor George Osborne will deliver his third Spending Review on Wednesday.
Daniel Craig is the best actor to play James Bond, Sir Roger Moore has said.
Kent's Sam Northeast hit a career-best 189 as the Division Two match against Essex ended in a tame draw at Chelmsford.
The shooting at a Quebec City mosque that killed six people and injured five others has shocked the Canadian province.
Thousands of ITV production staff have voted to strike in a row over pay.
Head coach Matthew Mott is confident Glamorgan can improve on last season's disappointing campaign.
Former Liberal Democrat Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg was on the BBC's Andrew Neil programme on Tuesday to talk about the state of the criminal justice system.
A woman has been found guilty of sexually abusing five children in the 1990s.
The world’s oceans are being ignored by the public and policymakers, a report says.
So why is the chancellor George Osborne £2bn better off than he was in July's Budget?
Tata Steel is to close a production line at its Shotton plant in Flintshire with the loss of up to 50 jobs.
The bodies of 55 greyhounds have been found in a shallow grave in the Australian state of Queensland.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has dismissed reports linking teenage defender Tony Watt with a move to Sunderland.
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Newton Daniels was one of the UK's best-loved entertainers and his style of magic was a breath of fresh air.
A rail company has paid out more than £28m in compensation to passengers for disruption in the last year.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was walking his dogs on heath land have said they have found a man they wanted to speak to.
An Australian senator from Western Australia has revealed he is taking a break from politics to seek treatment for mental health issues.
A council has voted to ban smoking breaks.
A British student who was inside the Bataclan concert hall in Paris has described the "inhumane" moment gunmen opened fire.
England were bowled out for 101 on the final day of the Women's Ashes series-clinching Test defeat by Australia at Lord's.
The best friend of an Indonesian woman who died after drinking cyanide-tainted coffee has asked Australian police to investigate.
The £13m Nottingham Forest striker Oliver Burke has the potential to be a "world-class player" but needs to work on his game, says former Nottingham Forest goalkeeper John McGovern.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a flat.
Sri Lanka's government has criticised the media after a Buddhist monk set himself on fire to protest against the slaughter of animals.
Japan's Hitachi has announced plans to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs.
Scotland's only Labour MP has said the party can no longer rely on the "big beasts" of Scottish Labour leadership.
The latest film in the Jurassic Park series, Jurassic World, starring Chris Pratt, has smashed box office records around the world.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia for allegedly trying to smuggle cocaine worth A$1.2m (£800,000) in headphones.
Neymar scored a late penalty but La Liga champions Barcelona lost at Sevilla.
Three pieces of equipment have been stolen from a village green in Dumfries and Galloway.
Neil Patrick Harris' hosting of the Oscars was a bit like any other late-night talk show host.
The World Trade Organization (WTO) allows the UK and the European Union to tariff-free trade.
Fifty years ago, Action Man was the toy of the 1960s and 1970s, but the British version of the action figure is now a collector's dream.
A sculpture of the moon has been installed in the Great Hall at the University of Bristol.
Engineers in the US have found a way to control the fluid dynamics of glass 3D printing, by manipulating the tiny threads that form when the nozzle dribbles.
Roger Federer thrashed Richard Gasquet to help Switzerland win the Davis Cup for the first time.
Snow and ice have caused disruption on roads in parts of Scotland.
Wycombe goalkeeper Jamal Blackman saved a late penalty to secure a goalless draw at Blackpool in League Two.
A man has been injured after shots were fired at a house in Londonderry.
Two two-year-old boys stole their mother's car in the US state of Ohio and took it for a joyride before crashing it.
Police are investigating after a man was seriously injured in Edinburgh.
The 70th anniversary of one of the Isle of Man's worst air disasters has been marked with a memorial service.
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question in a case for the first time in 10 years.
Opponents of gay marriage in the US state of California have asked the US Supreme Court to reinstate a ban on same-sex weddings.
Scotland's finance secretary has been accused of refusing to hand over information to MSPs ahead of the Scottish government's first budget.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has left the club.
The world's best gravy wrestlers have been battling it out in a two-minute wrestling ring.
A man who was murdered in a "execution-style" shooting in west Belfast had been questioned by police over the murder of a former IRA man.
Actor Ross Kemp is to return to EastEnders to reprise his role as Grant Mitchell for Dame Barbara Windsor's final scenes as Peggy Mitchell.
Police officers are pursuing compensation claims against the owners of stolen cars, the BBC has learned.
A 60-year-old woman has been warned by a sheriff to keep her dog under control after it bit a postman.
" Rotherham United, Rotherham United, Rotherham United".
France has held a national memorial service for the 130 people killed in the 13 November attacks in Paris.
The Scottish Parliament by-election triggered by the resignation of the Borders MP will be held on 5 May.
At least one person has been killed and several injured in a train crash near the Belgian city of Liege, near Brussels, officials say.
Move your head around the world, and you can get a whole new view of the world.
A golfer has been attacked by a crocodile on a golf course in northern Australia.
The city of Bloomington in the US state of Indiana has renamed Columbus Day and Good Friday as "Indigenous People's Days".
Investment in Aberdeen's commercial property market fell by 62% in 2016, according to a report.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has poked fun at Theresa May's "cunning plan" for Brexit by comparing it to Baldrick.
Warner Bros has confirmed a sequel to JK Rowling's Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be released in 2017.
A man who ran the Silk Road 2.0 online drugs marketplace has been sentenced to 20 years in prison.
A fox cub has been found wrapped in a towel at a veterinary surgery in Aberdeen.
Britain's Ashley Yafai retained his WBA world bantamweight title with a unanimous points win over Shinsuke Muranaka.
Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at his home in Milan at the age of 89.
Prime Minister Theresa May has been accused of "arbitrary" and "archaic" rules at a factory visit to Cornwall.
Tests on the boiler at a flat in Glasgow where the bodies of two women were found have found no evidence of carbon monoxide poisoning, police have said.
Rangers chairman Dave King and co-owner Paul Murray have been elected to the club's board at an extraordinary general meeting at Ibrox.
A second man has been charged with murder after a fatal assault in Sunderland.
When the first series of Doctor Foster began, actress Ruth Jones says she was "very, very grateful" to be asked to play a character who was "damaged and hurt".
Racist abuse at football matches in Wales is "on a regular basis", players and clubs have told the BBC.
Additional victims of a primary school head teacher who admitted secretly filming pupils have been identified by police.
China has accused the US of "escalating tensions" in the South China Sea.
Thousands of people have attended Singapore's annual Pink Dot event, amid a row over a gay rights rally.
The next two years of the UK economy could be the most challenging in living memory.
Gardening in urban areas can help boost the number of bees and other pollinating insects, say scientists.
An e-fit of a man police want to speak to after a five-year-old girl was attacked by a dog has been released.
More than 500 migrants from the Rohingya Muslim minority from Myanmar and Bangladesh have been rescued from the sea in Indonesia.
A railway company has been banned from operating trains after its safety certificate was revoked.
It was a "big Budget".
South Korea's Kia Motors has been named the world's best-performing car brand in a survey of reliability.
Eight-year-old Safid is one of hundreds of child migrants who have been arriving in the UK from Syria.
Politicians and commentators have been reacting to the results of the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
Hate crimes in Canada reached record levels in 2015, according to a new report.
When Jules Bianchi crashed into a recovery vehicle at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix, the 19-year-old Marussia driver's life was changed forever.
The BBC News website looks at the candidates standing in the London mayoral election.
The boss of British Airways and Iberia, Willie Walsh, has said Northern Ireland will be an "advantage" in attracting new flights.
A man has died after a car crash on the A90 near Beattock in Dumfries and Galloway.
Scientists at Dundee University have developed a blood cancer test that can predict the severity of the disease.
A cycle superhighway junction in east London where a cyclist was killed by a lorry has been "appalled", a cycling group has said.
A US federal judge has ruled the World Cup-winning US women's national football team cannot go on strike.
A Malayan tiger that was stranded in Belgium for more than a year has arrived at Chester Zoo.
The late BBC broadcaster Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the hall of fame of the Phonographic Performance Ireland (PPI).
On the first day of Microsoft’s E3 event, Xbox boss Phil Spencer laid out his vision for the Xbox One.
A sex offender who won a High Court injunction to stop a paedophile awareness page on the social networking site Facebook being published is seeking damages from the site.
In 2000, Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar for her role in Monster's Ball.
Newsnight's James Clayton has been following the migrant crisis in the Channel Tunnel.
An independent panel has been appointed to investigate events at Belfast's De La Salle College.
Strictly Come Dancing's Aliona Vilani has announced she will be leaving the show after this year's series with Jay McGuiness.
William Hague has made a second visit to Iraq to discuss the crisis in the country.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain will only leave the club if Tottenham meet his release clause, a source close to the Argentine says.
Iceland's government has presented a bill to require large companies to introduce equal pay for equal work.
The abduction of more than 200 girls from a school in north-eastern Nigeria has sparked anger and protests, with many demanding the government do more to find them.
Meet the man who wants to break the world record for the fastest electric trolley!
A business owner has failed in a bid to prevent the publication of his details in the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Mobile phone users in the UK will see the cost of making and receiving phone calls in Europe cut by up to 75% from today.
A woman has been raped after the Henley Royal Regatta.
League One side Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jordon Jaaskelainen on a two-year deal.
Bilkis Bano, a Muslim woman who was gang-raped and murdered by a mob in the western Indian state of Gujarat during the 2002 anti-Muslim riots, says she believes the police and the state government were complicit in the crime.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his players were "tired" after their Boxing Day Premier League match at Sunderland.
The singer Sir Elton John has said he is "not surprised" that heterosexual people in Northern Ireland are at risk of contracting HIV.
More than 2,000 postal votes have been wrongly sent to EU citizens in England and Wales, the Electoral Commission has said.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson hopes defender Bailey Wright will sign a new contract.
Taiwan and the US say China has deployed surface-to-air missiles on a disputed island in the South China Sea.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said Europe cannot depend on US President Donald Trump and Britain's vote to leave the EU.
BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour presenter Tamzin Outhwaite has called for women who suffer during their period to be given extra days off work.
Businesses will have to pay an apprenticeship levy of 0.5% of their annual wage bill, the chancellor has announced.
Two Conservative MPs have been awarded £100,000 in libel damages after a former UKIP leader claimed they were aware of child abuse in Rotherham.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has urged his supporters to return to work after a week of protests over the disputed election.
Five people have been injured in a large gorse fire in Devon.
The summer holidays are a time of year when many of us take to the skies.
Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos has been injured in an explosion in his car in central Athens.
Police have appealed for witnesses after petrol bombs were thrown at police officers in County Down.
Seventh Heaven and Flash Fire won the Oaks Trial at Epsom, the first two Group One races of the season.
A lawyer for the father of a six-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police in the US has said body-camera footage shows the father was unarmed.
Scientists in the US are implanting tiny tracking devices into the skin of thousands of slugs.
Hosts Denmark beat Austria on penalties to reach the final of the Women's Euro 2017.
The remains of a teenage girl found in Mexico are the oldest known skeleton of a person in the Americas.
In the wake of reports that President Donald Trump revealed highly classified information to Russia's ambassador to the US, the White House has defended the president's actions.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side's performance in their Premier League defeat was "heart-breaking".
The international team investigating the alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria on 21 August is expected to complete its analysis of the evidence within days.
Scientists at Oxford University have developed smart glasses that can help people with sight loss.
The trial of a Washington Post reporter detained in Iran for more than 17 months has begun in Tehran.
Two pairs of European bee-eater birds have successfully nested in a County Durham quarry.
The reintroduction of sea otters in California in the 1970s has helped to boost a type of seagrass, according to a new study.
A terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the law on assisted suicide in England and Wales.
A 37-year-old man who was caught with drugs in a wheelie bin has been jailed.
The Republic of Ireland's children's minister has said 796 infants died in mother-and-baby homes.
As the Raith Rovers team arrived at Hampden for the Scottish Cup final, the manager, Jimmy Nicholl, had a message for his players.
Physical education should be elevated to a core subject in schools in Wales, a report says.
The doctors treating Charlie Gard are to apply to the High Court for a fresh hearing to decide whether he should be allowed to be taken to the US for treatment.
Outdoor learning should be a key part of the curriculum in England's schools, according to a report by the Royal Botanic Gardens.
Glen Chapple has replaced Peter Moores as Lancashire head coach.
England batsman Joe Root has refunded a fan £4.10 for the slow over rate on day three of the first Test against Sri Lanka at Lord's.
A memorial to a teenager who died in the River Avon is to be unveiled on Saturday.
England's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign has been the perfect way to put the World Cup disappointment of 2014 behind them.
The father of a woman who died after being gang-raped on a bus in the Indian capital Delhi has reportedly said he wants her name to be made public.
In the US, the war on drugs has cost more than 20,000 lives in the last five years, and the number of people charged with drug offences has more than doubled.
The opening of two new RSPB nature reserves in Cambridgeshire has been delayed because of flooding.
Police are investigating after a number of rare birds of prey were targeted in the Highlands.
A Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
One of Wales' biggest brewers is planning to open a chain of high street coffee shops.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Valencia on a five-year deal.
A man who killed his friend with a single punch after a scooter rally has been jailed for two years.
The clock is ticking on the latest attempt to form a power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland.
Oil prices have fallen below $40 a barrel after the International Energy Agency (IEA) said demand for oil was slowing.
Wales manager Chris Coleman would be "hard to turn down" a big Premier League job, says former Fulham striker Bobby Roberts.
A global index of the best and worst countries for people over 60 has been published by the World Health Organization.
Burton Albion have agreed a deal in principle to re-sign Nottingham Forest midfielder George Taft.
Actor Michael B Jordan has said he will join Lupita Nyong'o in the upcoming Marvel film Black Panther.
A 25-year-old man has been seriously injured after being knocked down by a hit-and-run driver in North Ayrshire.
Four men have been remanded in custody charged in connection with a "highly significant" seizure of cannabis with an estimated street value of £20m.
A man who murdered a Glasgow pensioner has been jailed for at least 13 years.
The father of one of three reservists who died on an SAS selection march in Surrey has told an inquest his son's training process failed.
The return of Shaker Aamer, the last British resident to be held in the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay, has been met with a mixture of relief and anger.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila admitted his team looked "frightened and scared" as they crashed out of the Champions League play-off against Malmo.
Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland fell more than 7% after the bank warned of a fall in annual pre-tax profits.
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to their tour manager Dennis Sheehan, who has died after collapsing at a hotel in Los Angeles.
Steven Shankland scored twice as St Mirren beat Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Northern Ireland footballer Paddy McCourt has revealed he pulled out of Euro 2016 after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Growth in the UK's dominant service sector slowed in February, a survey has indicated.
Two more former Rabobank traders have been charged in the US over the manipulation of the London interbank offered rate (Libor).
Chelsea Ladies beat Glasgow City in the first leg of their Women's Champions League play-off tie at Stamford Bridge.
Uganda coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic is still waiting for his salary, the country's football association (Fufa) has said.
Labour's leadership contender Liz Kendall has said Ed Miliband's party needs to change direction.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he will not accept a congratulatory call from the president of Taiwan.
Harvard University is to change the job titles of some of its staff, after protests that the word "master" was linked to slavery.
Portugal beat Australia 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Confederations Cup after finishing top of Group A.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have cleared an area of shantytowns set up by drug addicts.
Martin McGuinness is to visit two World War One battlefields in Belgium and France later.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says his side were not good enough to win the Premier League this season.
Grand National winner Many Clouds died on Saturday after suffering a rare haemorrhage.
The January transfer window is officially open in England, Scotland and Wales.
The Army's plan to increase the number of reservists from 19,000 to 30,000 by 2019 has failed to meet targets, a former commander has said.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players "feel the pressure and responsibility too much".
Fabio Capello's position as manager of the Russia national football team is in doubt, according to a report in the Russian media.
Wild birds are being killed by illegal hunters in the EU, a British naturalist has warned.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition after a suspected hit-and-run crash in the West Midlands.
Around 70 jobs are under threat at an audio equipment plant in North Lanarkshire.
Jonny Evans scored a stoppage-time winner as West Brom snatched a dramatic victory over 10-man Stoke.
A bus company has said plans to pedestrianise a busy Oxford city centre street are "unacceptable".
Fast food giant McDonald's is being accused of abusing its dominant position in the European market by forcing its franchisees to compete with it.
Former Aston Villa defender Steve Cowans is to step down as the club's first-team coach to spend more time with his son Henry.
In the aftermath of the London Bridge and Borough Market attacks in June 2005, Tony Blair was in Downing Street.
Swansea City were relegated from the Premier League after Hull City's 4-0 defeat at Crystal Palace.
The administrators of Bradford Bulls say they will not be able to complete the sale of the club before Monday.
Human remains found in East Lothian have been confirmed as those of missing mother-of-three Louise Tiffney.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Sweden's Alexander Bjork share the lead after two rounds of the Tshwane Open in South Africa.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said the US will withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
A life-sized cake based on Hollywood actress Jennifer Lawrence has won gold at a baking competition.
Amnesty International has said the EU's plan to send migrants back to Turkey "appears suspiciously like sugar-coating a cyanide pill".
Eight children who were escorted to school by the police during a loyalist protest in north Belfast have been paid compensation.
Adolf Hitler's infamous manifesto Mein Kampf is to be published for the first time in 70 years after the copyright expired.
A burst hot water pipe at a new primary school was "like a sauna", an MSP has said.
Mae Prif Weinidog Theresa May wedi cymryd adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd Cymru (UE) wrth i'r First Minister Carwyn Jones wedi cymryd ei holi gan y Toraid.
Carlos Tevez's proposed transfer from Manchester City to Corinthians has collapsed.
A French rock star who murdered a French actress in 2003 has returned to the stage after five years in prison.
Bydd Geraint Thomas yn dweud ei gyrraedd yn Llun yn y ras yn erbyn tabl yn the Tour de France, yn l Llun ddydd Sadwrn.
Police have said a man who died in Londonderry on Saturday may have been assaulted.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii for a historic visit to the site of the 1941 Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor.
The International Cycling Union (UCI) will investigate an alleged racist incident at the Criterium du Dauphine.
Students who buy "smart drugs" online are putting their health at risk, a watchdog has warned.
EU foreign ministers have agreed to start planning for an EU military operation in the Central African Republic (CAR).
St Mirren have signed striker David Clarkson on loan from Motherwell until the end of the season.
Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat 10-man Valencia in La Liga.
The Wales Under-21 football team has left for Euro 2016.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Everton on Saturday will be streamed live on Facebook.
Opinions in the Egyptian media are divided over the country's new constitution, which was approved by more than two-thirds of voters in a referendum on Sunday.
Severe weather was the cause of a military plane crash in Myanmar that killed 122 people, investigators say.
A man has been found guilty of the "most serious breach" of medicine controls in the EU.
Cat lovers, a spike in calls to a Belfast surgery from patients fearing they will die and a couple hoping to raise money for a hospital baby unit are among the stories in Monday's papers.
One of the biggest celebrations of the new year is taking place this weekend.
Two people have been arrested after a 75-year-old man died in a hit-and-run in Kent.
Three grizzly bears at a safari park in South Africa have been filmed playing with a toy.
The location of one of the biggest battles of the Roman Empire in Scotland is to be considered for inclusion on a list of historic battlefields.
Derry manager Damian Barton has revealed that Brendan Rodgers was "horrified" by the "horrific" incident in the McKenna Cup final.
Heavy rain and flooding have continued to cause disruption in parts of England, with many people forced to leave their homes.
A US politician has criticised Snoop Dogg for a music video in which he appears to shoot Donald Trump.
The world's first five giant floating offshore wind turbines are being moved into place in the North Sea.
World number one Dustin Johnson says he is in "good shape" after his return to competitive golf at the RBC Heritage in North Carolina.
Newsweek has unveiled its final front cover, on the final edition of the 80-year-old US magazine.
Russia's economy shrank by 0.8% in November, the first contraction since the global financial crisis, as the rouble continued to fall.
Murderers of police officers should be given whole life sentences, Home Secretary Theresa May has told the Police Federation conference.
Remain and Leave campaigners in the EU referendum campaign in Wales are preparing for a final push in the Labour heartlands of Merthyr Tydfil and Caerphilly.
A man has been jailed for five years for a knifepoint robbery at a post office in Edinburgh.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Denny.
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has pulled out of his country's Under-23 squad for the Rio Olympics because of a hamstring injury.
HMS Ocean will be withdrawn from service in 2012, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has announced.
The EY Item Club has slashed its growth forecasts for the UK economy in the wake of the vote to leave the EU.
League One side Blackburn Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Mason and Chelsea defender Harry Houghton on season-long loan deals.
Jeremy Corbyn has told business leaders he will not "stand back" if they feel "injustice" in the workplace.
A report has cleared the former Garda (Irish police) commissioner, Nirn Callinan, and the former justice minister, Alan Shatter.
The length of detention at theBrook House immigration removal centre in Surrey has increased, a report has found.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "frustrated" if his side fail to win a third Grand Slam in six years in the Six Nations, which starts against Ireland on Saturday.
As I stood on the 10th tee at Royal Troon Golf Club on Friday morning, I was struck by the sight of Colin Montgomerie.
Chelsea may appeal against captain John Terry's red card in the FA Cup win over Peterborough, says manager Antonio Conte.
A man has been found lying on the hard shoulder of the M6 motorway after a crash.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants a squad of 21-22 players for next season.
The augmented reality game Pokemon Go has been downloaded more than 100 million times in the US.
A man has been found guilty of dragging a 75-year-old man by his car as he tried to stop him stealing a TV.
Students from outside the UK spend more than £1bn a year in Scotland's universities and colleges, according to a report by auditors PwC.
Derry City suffered a 2-1 defeat by Finn Harps in the Premier Division opener at Finn Park on Friday night.
More than half of councils in England are facing a secondary school places shortage as children move through primary schools, councils say.
A £110m road linking Cardiff Bay to the east of the city is set to open.
Tens of thousands of anti-government protesters gathered outside Cairo's al-Fath al-Adawiya mosque as Friday prayers ended.
EastEnders star Vicky McClure has revealed she was ejected from a tram named after her after being told she could not get a ticket.
Singer Lily Allen has spoken of her "torture" at the hands of a man who stalked her for six years.
West Sussex and East Sussex's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has called for fire services to work together.
A south of Scotland potato processing factory is to receive a £3m investment.
A man has been stabbed after a fight broke out at a gig at the Electric Fields in Glasgow.
The England Football Association has been charged by Uefa over alleged racist chanting by fans and players during the Under-21 European Championship play-off win over Serbia in Krusevac.
Johnny Depp's management company are suing him for more than $100m (£77.4m), accusing him of failing to live within his means.
Derbyshire have appointed former player John Wright as their new head coach for the T20 Blast.
The Archbishop of Wales has said he will leave the field "clear" on issues including organ donation.
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be "central" to the debate on the future of the UK following the Scottish referendum.
League One side Rochdale have signed Aston Villa defender Jordan Flores on a two-year deal.
The New Saints reached the Scottish Cup quarter-finals thanks to a stunning 25-yard strike from Sean Quigley at Livingston.
Council tax in Surrey could rise by up to 15% in 2017-18 to cover a "huge gap" in funding for adult social care and children's services.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has promised to lift a ban on firms that operate in the country and send money to Somalia.
Dagenham & Redbridge have been relegated from League Two after defeat by Leyton Orient.
The eurozone's unemployment rate rose to a record high in January, while Italy's rate hit a record high, official figures show.
Russian warships tracked a Dutch submarine near a Russian aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean, the Russian defence ministry has said.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "focusing" on his job at Pittodrie and not on Rangers.
Bradford has been named the Curry Capital of Britain for a record fourth time.
One Direction have topped the UK singles chart with their new single Drag Me Down.
Thousands of people have crossed into Turkey from northern Syria to escape a Syrian government offensive on rebel-held areas, the UN says.
Mexico's Interior Secretary Francisco Blake Mora has been killed in a helicopter crash near Mexico City.
Polling stations have closed in Kenya's elections, five years after the violence that followed the last vote.
The first leg of Linfield's Champions League second round qualifier against Celtic will be played on Thursday, 11 July.
East Midlands Airport (EMA) in Birmingham is to close for six weekends for a £3.5m refurbishment of its runway.
A man is in a critical condition after being stabbed outside a police station.
The founder of Bristol's St Pauls Carnival, Carmen Beckford, has died at the age of 91, her son has said.
Derby County have signed midfielder Curtis Davies from Hull City for an undisclosed fee.
A new breed of celebrity book clubs has been launched in the UK, with the likes of Emma Watson, Reese Witherspoon and Zoella among the names.
Former Ireland and Ulster rugby player Dan Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed South Africa lock Nic White on a two-year deal and promoted Jersey captain Sam Freeman.
The landlocked country of Burundi is one of the world's newest and most stable democracies.
The health minister has said he has been "hugely impressed" by the way the families of patients at a Denbighshire mental health unit have dealt with the issue.
Assistant manager Mark McGhee would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan does not continue as Scotland manager.
A strike by Merseyrail workers on 3 April at the Grand National will go ahead, the RMT union has said.
Thousands of fans have attended a concert in the Afghan capital, Kabul, by popular singer Fariba Sayeed, despite death threats against her.
A driver has been stopped by police on the M1 in Suffolk after she failed to stop for officers.
The UK's Cultural Olympiad helped boost awareness of the arts in the UK, a report has said.
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer will be out for six to eight weeks with a hamstring injury.
Sean Raggett's late winner kept Dover's National League play-off hopes alive as they came from behind to beat Welling.
(Close): The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed lower on Wednesday, ending a five-day winning streak.
Thousands of potholes in Northumberland are to be filled in by council workers.
A man has been charged with murder after a fatal stabbing in north London.
Police on the Italian island of Sardinia have arrested a man suspected of shooting at a group of nudists.
A Chinese blogger has challenged women to shave their armpits in a bid to highlight the issue of body image.
A Welsh adventurer has ended his bid to climb Mount Everest.
Egyptian police have clashed with protesters in Cairo and Alexandria over the transfer of two islands to Saudi Arabia.
Sports Direct has warned that the fall in the value of the pound following the UK's vote to leave the EU will hit its results.
Ed Sheeran has driven a Top Gear test track for the first time.
Nigel Farage has joined the Fox News Channel.
The NHS in Wales is "close to collapse", leading surgeons have warned.
A 77-year-old former Koran teacher sexually assaulted young girls at a Cardiff mosque, a court has heard.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Monterrey Open in Mexico.
The legend of Zheng He, the Ming dynasty's first ambassador to Africa, is being revived in China.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones hopes Oliver Griffiths will be selected for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Silverstone will end its contract to host the British Grand Prix after the 2019 season.
A writing desk and chair used by author Charles Dickens to write his final novel, The Empty Chair, have been bought by a museum for £1.
A court in Egypt has suspended the assembly tasked with writing a new constitution.
Players will be banned from revealing any political, religious or personal slogans in football from next season.
How do you become a professional cricketer?
The US Treasury Department has asked the European Commission to reconsider its probe into Apple's tax affairs.
Four players from the London 2012 women's hockey team have been named in Great Britain's squad for the Rio Olympics.
Eleven regeneration projects in south Wales have been approved for a total of £34m in funding.
A new website allowing the public to lodge petitions to Parliament has been launched.
The US scientist J Craig Venter, who has just published details of a synthetic life form, was the man who revolutionised the study of the human genetic code in the 1990s.
A hospital trust has declared a "black alert" for a second time this year.
Great Britain's men were denied a second successive win at the World Rugby Sevens Series as they lost to Japan in Rio.
Theresa May's decision to call a snap election for 8 June has been widely welcomed in the European Union, but it's not a surprise that the leaders of the EU's 28 member states will be keeping a close eye on it.
A County Antrim couple have pleaded guilty to the rape and assault of a woman who they kept as a slave.
The Scottish government is to set up a £20m fund to train people who have lost their jobs in the oil and gas industry.
A new velodrome is to be built at Pembrey Country Park in Powys.
A thief stole a money box from a security guard outside a supermarket in a "terrifying ordeal" before driving away in a car.
Celtic Energy's chief executive has said the firm will not pay for the restoration of two former coal mines in south Wales.
Mae diffoddwyr tn bellach o dan reolaeth yn dweud yn l iawn os yw'r tn wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr rhag yn l i'r tn 
Jose Mourinho endured a nightmare return to Chelsea as his Manchester United side were thrashed at Stamford Bridge.
Skins was a hit when it first aired on Channel 4 in 2011 and was a huge success for the channel.
Police Scotland's most senior firearms officer has defended the use of armed officers in public.
There is a rabbit hole in the financial system, where no-one will pay you to borrow money.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with raping a girl in a park.
Robert Carlyle's directorial debut is to open the Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF).
A new female osprey at a Perthshire nature reserve has laid her first egg.
The UK's influence in the EU would be "zero" if it left, the president of the European Commission has said.
Global oil and gas giant BP has said the world's oil and gas reserves are "more abundant" than ever, but demand for the fuels is slowing.
A national standard for infant cremations could be introduced in the wake of the Shrewsbury baby ashes scandal, the government has said.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may not play again this season because of a groin injury, says Leicester Tigers head coach Richard Cockerill.
Moldovans go to the polls in a presidential run-off on Sunday, with a Socialist candidate facing a pro-Russian challenger.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he will leave if the club cannot match his ambition.
Gwynedd council is calling for a Welsh name for a Gwynedd beach to be changed.
The family of a 25-year-old woman from Bournemouth who has been missing in Thailand for more than a month say she has contacted them to say she wants to return home.
A 25-year-old man has been taken to hospital after being stabbed in Cardiff.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "politics of the gutter".
The vice chancellor of Queen's University in Belfast has said Northern Ireland's higher education system is in crisis.
Dog walkers have been fined for walking more than four dogs in a single pack in a Hampshire park.
A judicial review into allegations of child abuse at Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast has begun in Belfast.
Three Britons who were rescued from the Langtang Valley in Nepal have returned to the UK.
Wales men's head coach Craig Clements says promotion to the top tier of European hockey is a "huge achievement".
Rory MacNiallais scored two goals as Donegal beat Fermanagh 0-13 to 0-8 in the Ulster SFC quarter-final at Ballybofey.
Fulham manager Slavisa Jokanovic says striker Chris Martin will not be sent back to Derby County on loan.
The town of Mubende in northern Uganda has been the scene of a huge gold rush, but now the government has shut down the mines.
Chancellor George Osborne has dropped his target of returning the UK to a budget surplus by 2020.
Fifa members meet in Zurich on Friday to elect a successor to Sepp Blatter as president.
Five men have been jailed for attacking a university lecturer in his home while his wife and daughter were upstairs.
Hull FC will face holders Leeds Rhinos in the Challenge Cup semi-finals.
More than 1,300 taxi and private hire car drivers with criminal convictions have been issued licences in Scotland in the past five years, figures show.
John Cleese's new stand-up show has received mixed reviews from critics, with one calling it a "waste of talent".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Federico Macheda on loan.
Over the past few weeks we've been following the story of the thousands of Bangladeshi and Rohingya migrants who have been rescued from the sea.
A "special" display of the Aurora borealis has been filmed over Scrabster Harbour in the Highlands.
A former police community support officer who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Gatwick Airport has been jailed for two years.
More than 3,000 runners have taken part in a "boring" ultramarathon course in Hong Kong.
Up to 20 jobs are at risk at a Swansea-based firm after it announced plans to close its distribution centre.
Tablets, smartphones and e-books are increasingly being used in Africa's classrooms and classrooms are being transformed into digital learning centres.
A woman stole £30,000 from her mother's bank account, a court has heard.
Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday after a strong US jobs report.
The government has announced that the number of nurses and midwives working in the NHS in England will be published on Monday.
Workers at the closure of the Austins department store in Londonderry have spoken of their devastation.
Mobile phone network Three has abolished roaming charges for its customers travelling abroad.
Police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand say there is no evidence against any of the suspects.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will not be a candidate in the next Conservative leadership contest.
Virtual doctors use technology to help diagnose and treat patients in remote parts of the world.
The family of a man who was killed after he was hit by a car and then stabbed in Manchester have paid tribute to a "caring son".
Chocolatier Julian Thirlwell says he was inspired to start a business by his father's success in the chocolate business.
The US has confirmed that Osama Bin Laden was buried at sea after his death by US Navy Seals at his compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed up 0.4%, with mining stocks helping to lift the index.
The verdict in the trial of prominent republican Thomas 'Slab' Murphy for alleged tax evasion could be delivered next week.
More than half a million small businesses will be relieved of paying business rates, the chancellor has announced in his Budget.
Wales wing Alex Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to regain his place from Liam Williams in the World Cup squad, says former captain Colin James.
Nottinghamshire have signed New Zealand all-rounder Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast.
Police investigating the murder of a girl whose body was found in a canal 21 years ago are working with Canadian forensic experts.
National League side Aldershot Town have signed goalkeeper Sean McGinty on a two-year deal after he turned down a new contract at Aldershot Town.
British gymnast Jack Bevan has broken his leg in training.
At least two Palestinians have been killed in clashes with Israeli troops, as tensions over a holy site in Jerusalem remain high.
The hotel booking website Booking.com is facing a 356m (£270m) tax bill from the French government.
The ride-sharing app Uber has criticised plans to tighten regulations in London.
Australia's Cadel Evans will become the first Australian to win the Tour de France after a sensational individual time trial on the penultimate stage.
The UN says the Nigerian army has been detaining dozens of children who were recently released by Boko Haram militants.
Great Britain's Eilidh Murray recovered from a poor start to qualify for the women's 50m freestyle final at the European Championships.
Hyundai Motor America has offered to extend car loans and lease payments to US federal employees who are affected by the government shutdown.
A photographer has accused Taylor Swift of "exploiting" photographers by demanding they hand over images from her concerts for free.
A father who won a legal battle to take his children on holidays during term time is raising money to fund his legal fees.
A county clerk in the US state of Kentucky has again refused to issue marriage licences to same-sex couples, citing her Christian faith.
The world's top Paralympians will be competing at the Paralympic Games in Rio this week, with the host country, Great Britain, aiming to win the most medals of any nation.
The Police Federation for Northern Ireland (PFNI) has said the Police Ombudsman's office is "not fit for purpose".
Spending on school crossing patrols in Scotland has been cut by more than a third, according to figures obtained by BBC Scotland.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index closed lower on Tuesday as the yen strengthened following last week's interest rate rise by the US Federal Reserve.
Transport for London (TfL) fares will be frozen from April 2020, Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said his party's case for Scottish independence in the 2014 referendum was "flawed".
A rare and spectacular piece of opal found in South Australia in the 1940s has gone on display in Australia.
Human remains have been found on an island off the Kent coast in a mudbank.
As the BBC School Report marks its 10th anniversary on News Day, we've been looking back at some of the stories our young reporters covered in the past year.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said the chief of the defence staff has "intervened directly" in the row over Trident renewal.
W Magazine's Edward Enninful has been named as the new editor of British Vogue.
A machine that can taste the difference between the best and worst versions of Thai food has been launched in the capital, Bangkok.
Smacking children should be banned in Scotland and the UK, a report has said.
Cornish Pirates head coach Alan Paver says Jack Chapman has "taken the bull by the horns".
Newcastle United moved up to third in the Championship with victory over struggling Aston Villa at St James' Park.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton has backed Brendan Rodgers to be a success at Celtic.
The partner of a transgender woman who was found dead in her cell has said she wrote a letter to prison officials saying she was going to kill herself.
The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) has downgraded Thailand's aviation safety rating.
The reviews of the female-led Ghostbusters reboot have been overwhelmingly positive, with critics hailing it as a "bonfire" and "fun".
A woman who died in a two-car crash in the Borders has been named by police.
Buy-to-let landlords will pay an extra £5,520 in stamp duty next year, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement.
A fuel tanker fire on the M8 motorway near Gretna has been put out.
A quarry earmarked for a £425m dinosaur museum has been awarded a £1m grant by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Concerns about the Isle of Man's proximity to the Sellafield nuclear fuel reprocessing plant have been raised.
Giannelli Imbula scored on his Premier League debut as Stoke eased to victory at Bournemouth.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child by a man who killed himself hours after police told him he was to be questioned has demanded answers from the police.
Oldham Athletic have become the first League One club to offer free entry to all fans for Saturday's game against Brentford.
Hundreds of people have protested in the southern Indian city of Bangalore against the alleged rape of their daughter by a French diplomat.
Laura Trott won gold in the women's scratch race on day two of the British National Track Championships in Manchester.
A man charged with attempting to murder a police officer with an IRA bomb said he was innocent of the charges, a court has heard.
The US has launched air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, the Pentagon has said.
A man who admitted shining a laser pen at a police helicopter in Glasgow has been jailed for 14 months.
China's exports in February were much stronger than expected, suggesting that the world's second largest economy is recovering.
LeBron James has become the first player to score 10,000 points for the Cleveland Cavaliers in a 112-97 win over the Orlando Magic.
A man jailed for life for raping and murdering a 15-year-old girl has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing two other girls.
The assassination of Reinhard Heydrich in the Czech Republic during World War Two was a key part of the Allies' plan to wipe out the Nazi regime.
A chronology of key events:
Six members of Australia's Olympic swimming team have admitted taking the banned sedative Stilnox during a bonding exercise before the Games.
Actors from Coronation Street have attended the funeral of the show's creator Ian Warren at Manchester Cathedral.
The former British colony of Fiji is one of the South Pacific's most successful economies, and is a major tourist destination.
The Scottish government has apologised to a Chinese company for a "backroom deal" to invest in Scotland's railways.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in Conwy county.
Alex Salmond has visited the European Free Trade Association (EFTA).
Three opposition activists in Russia have gone on hunger strike to protest against being barred from running in a regional election on Sunday.
Somerset skittled Hampshire for just 138 on day one of the day-night County Championship game at the Ageas Bowl.
A commission in South Africa is calling for Christmas to be removed from the national holiday calendar.
Three men have been charged after a baby Jesus doll was stolen from a nativity display in Aberdeen.
Nigeria's main opposition party has made historic gains in state governorship elections in Africa's most populous nation.
Everton have revealed plans to build a new stadium on the site of the former Liverpool Football Club's stadium at Stanley Park.
Former Manchester United and Juventus striker Carlos Tevez has joined Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG.
Naked man Stephen Gough has been given a public order to cover up in public.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) fire appeal fund has received two further donations of £600,000.
Leonardo Bonatini's first-half goal gave Wolves victory over Middlesbrough on the opening day of the Championship season.
Bristol have suspended head coach Andy Robinson following their "extremely disappointing" start to the season.
Mae'r tm yn chwarae ei gm olaf i'r Scarlets yn ddi-newid ar gyfer y gm, yn l arweinydd y tm, yn l
The term "cloud computing" is often used to describe the idea of a computer running on a network of computers that can be accessed from anywhere.
As the crisis in the Cypriot banking system deepens, the impact of the 2008 financial crisis on the economies of Iceland and Cyprus is becoming clearer.
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for making him and his baby son, Prince George, their "first home" on the island.
In the past week, three Mexican journalists have been shot dead in Mexico City.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut, has reported a 15% rise in sales in China in the third quarter.
Northern Ireland will host the Commonwealth Youth Games in Belfast in 2021.
A key vote on US President Donald Trump's healthcare bill in the House of Representatives has been withdrawn, after it became clear it would fail.
As George and Amal Clooney welcome their newborn babies, social media has been full of joy...
The law firm Leigh Day is investigating after a poster offering legal help to survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire was displayed in London.
Levels of violence at HMP Bristol have risen "considerably" since an inspection in 2013, inspectors have said.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is accused in a lawsuit of violating a law requiring visitors to pay $25 (£16; $19).
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has rejected her rival Bernie Sanders' claim that she is not liberal enough.
Alloa Athletic have appointed Jack Ross as the club's new head coach.
US President Donald Trump has said the US is "so innocent" and that Russia's President Vladimir Putin is a "killer".
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says defender Alfie Mawson has the rawness to be a top Premier League player.
Plans for a quarry on ancient woodland in Staffordshire are the "largest threat" to a site in England, the Woodland Trust has claimed.
The first day of the Wales National Bog  snorkelling Games has opened in Powys.
American football star Johnny Manziel is expected to be charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend in February.
Scotland's first minister has ruled out holding a second independence referendum this year.
A Liverpool fan who tried to save a boy who died in the Hillsborough disaster has said a police officer asked him to change his statement.
"Serious and persistent" allegations against a fire authority have been made to the Home Office, the fire minister has said.
European stock markets have ended the week higher after volatile trading in China ended.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen headed Mercedes' Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The Forth Road Bridge should reopen to all traffic in time for the new year, Scotland's transport minister has said.
An investigation has been launched into a hospital trust's finances.
Packets of cigarettes have been found on a road in Dorset.
Comedian Sandi Toksvig has backed the BBC's ban on all-male panel shows, saying she would like to see more female quiz show hosts.
Accident investigators in Norway have said fatigue in the main gearbox of a helicopter that crashed killing 16 people in April may have been a factor.
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders has increased, according to the latest town centre resilience index.
Convicted domestic abusers are to be offered therapy to help them avoid re-offending.
Keelan Giles has been called into the Wales squad to replace the injured Hallam Amos for the Six Nations opener against Ireland.
Wladimir Klitschko has "a chink in his armour" and Anthony Joshua is the man to beat, says former world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis.
The owners of Blackpool Football Club are taking legal action against a fans' website.
A 25-year-old man who died in a car crash in Orkney has been named.
Mayo beat Derry in extra time in the Dr McKenna Cup final in Castlebar.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark hopes captain Steve Smith will be fit for the rest of the season.
World Superbike champion Jonathan Rea missed out on a third successive win at Aragon as Chaz Davies took victory in race two.
More than one in 10 students in independent schools in England received extra time in last year's GCSE and A-level exams.
South Sydney Rabbitohs forward Joe Burgess has taken part in a trial with the New York Giants.
League Two leaders Doncaster Rovers survived a late Stevenage fightback to secure victory at the Lamex Stadium.
The BBC's Surendra Phuyal in Nepal's capital Kathmandu reports on the plight of people who do not have a legal identity in the country.
Super League leaders Castleford Tigers came from behind to beat St Helens and go eight points clear at the top of the table.
As the final whistle sounded at West Ham's Boleyn Ground, Manchester United's players were mobbed by jubilant West Ham fans.
The 2017 Tour de France Grand Depart will start in the German city of Dusseldorf, organisers have announced.
A damning report into a mental health hospital in Edinburgh has been published.
Eight people have been charged after a police investigation into a suspected human trafficking ring.
The lawyer for a former Guatemalan military general, Efrain Rios Montt, has been killed.
Oscar-winning Rocky producer Richard Chartoff has died at the age of 82.
A concert has been held to mark the 50th anniversary of England's victory in the 1966 World Cup final.
A specialist unit to tackle online hate crimes in London has been launched by the mayor.
Most of the time when you are on the internet it is easy to be tracked.
Shares in Danish brewer Carlsberg have fallen after the company warned that full-year profits will be lower than expected.
Police investigating the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos more than 20 years ago have travelled to the area.
Driving examiners and coastguard workers are to stage a series of strikes in a row over jobs and services.
Ten-man Carlisle United and Cambridge United played out a goalless draw in League Two.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
The owners of Manston Airport in Kent are to make a formal complaint to the Electoral Commission after the government announced plans to buy the site.
In a hospital in Bambari, the capital of the Central African Republic (CAR), Mariam Gerizapa lay on a bed, wrapped in a sheet.
Former world champion Carl Froch says he could come out of retirement and fight again next year.
In the House of Commons on Tuesday, the Labour MP Will Quince argued the case for regional theatres.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, the first of the season.
The Queen's Speech has promised a "strong and lasting devolution settlement" for Wales, as the UK government prepares to publish its long-awaited Wales Bill.
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors.
A £5m plot to smuggle heroin into Newport in a speaker box was stopped by police, a court has heard.
More than a quarter of Scots have gone without food at least once in the past year, according to a survey.
A council has had to place Kent children outside of the county due to a rise in the number of children in its care.
Elite England players "deserve" more money, says Rugby Players' Association boss Damian Hopley.
A furniture shop owner who grew cannabis plants has been jailed for four years for money laundering.
Wildlife officials are searching for a 4ft (1.2m) boa constrictor that escaped from its enclosure at a home in Orlando, Florida.
The Irish Premiership club Glentoran have been fined £2,000 by the Irish Football Association's disciplinary committee for failing to control their players in the defeat by Dungannon Swifts last month.
A farmer who witnessed a plane crash which killed two men, including a friend of One Direction singer Harry Styles, has spoken of his shock.
Kent's hopes of winning the County Championship title suffered a setback as they were bowled out for 287 on day two against Northants.
The court in the trial of three al-Jazeera journalists in Egypt has played a selection of video clips from the trial.
The UK's highest court is to rule on whether a man who claims he was tortured after being sent to Libya by the US can sue the government for damages.
A woman has been unable to attend her grandfather's funeral in New Zealand after the UK Border Agency (UKBA) refused to update her visa application.
A man who stabbed a stranger on a Tube train has been found not guilty of attempted murder by reason of insanity.
Landslides and flooding have hit parts of Scotland as heavy rain continues to lash the country.
Plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios in Cardiff will have implications for the BBC in Wales, the Welsh Government has said.
Comedian Denis Dodd has been named the best-selling record of the 1960s by the BBC.
Ian Hutchinson has been taken to hospital after crashing in the final Superbike race of the Isle of Man TT meeting.
Baroness Warsi was at the top of the Conservative Party.
Novak Djokovic's Olympic hopes ended in the doubles as he and partner Viktor Troicki lost in the second round of the men's doubles.
A former CIA station chief convicted in Italy of kidnapping a terror suspect has been arrested in Panama.
Barry Milkins says he feels like he is going to "take off" after winning his first match in 16 months at the UK Championship.
Garda (Irish police) are carrying out searches in Dublin as part of the investigation into the murder of Eddie Byrne.
A new football pitch in Cardiff has been unveiled ahead of the Champions League final.
A plan to save Newport's historic Newport Ship is set to be approved.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, has been charged with assaulting a female reporter.
A Belfast fuel company and its director have admitted health and safety breaches following the death of a man who was crushed by two pallets of coal.
Hundreds of people in Southampton are living in "unlawful" rented homes, a housing charity has said.
Pepper the humanoid robot is to be deployed in two hospitals in Belgium.
In his speech to the Conservative Party conference this week, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said that hunger and dehydration are a factor in the deaths of thousands of patients in the NHS.
The brother of one of the Bloody Sunday victims has said a march by former soldiers in Londonderry is an act of "pure provocation".
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country.
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has opened disciplinary proceedings against Ivory Coast-based coach Amaju Keshi after he failed to appear at a hearing on Tuesday.
Human remains have been found in East Lothian by police investigating the disappearance of 51-year-old Tiffney Flynn.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson says the club's transfer embargo should be lifted next week.
A man has escaped injury after a tipper truck crashed into his house.
Goals from Havard Nordtveit, Moussa Elyounoussi and Aurelien Ruud gave Norway a 3-0 win over Michael O'Neill's side in their World Cup qualifier at Windsor Park.
French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow.
A man who died in a shooting at a pool party in Surrey has been named as 24-year-old Carlton Hunter.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the deal he has struck with other EU leaders to reform the UK's relationship with the EU is "not perfect".
The Welsh Government has reversed its decision to end a controversial youth bus travel scheme.
A woman who stole more than £500,000 from her employer has been ordered to pay back more than £600,000.
Hundreds of jobs at oil services firm Aker Solutions in Aberdeen and London are under threat.
Online marketplaces such as eBay and Airbnb could be targeted by the UK's tax authority for failing to pay tax.
Treasure hunts have been going on in the UK for years, but do you think they actually happen?
A Japanese DJ's song about mixing a pen with an apple and a pineapple has become the most-viewed video on Facebook in Japan.
A rugby player who died after a clash with an opponent collapsed on the pitch and later donated her organs.
Premier League champions Leicester City were held to a goalless draw by Southampton at the King Power Stadium.
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant were photographers in New York in the 1980s, capturing the city's graffiti artists on the subways.
Lithuania's Football Association has been charged by Uefa over crowd disturbances during England's Euro 2016 qualifier in Vilnius.
Newport County chief executive Mark Foxall says the club are "expecting to be honoured" at Rodney Parade.
Graeme Lawrie says he is going to "bite the bullet" and have surgery on his foot this winter in a bid to return to his best form.
A man who posted sexually explicit photos of women he knew online has been jailed for six months.
The US embassy in Dublin feared The Quiet Man would be seen as "a rollicking farce" in Ireland, newly released documents show.
Three men have been jailed for running a cannabis factory in Bridgend.
Police in Australia are investigating the murder of a high-profile lawyer who represented organised crime figures.
Police are investigating death threats made against Wigan prop Ben Flower on social media.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has rejected calls for asylum seekers held in offshore detention camps on Nauru to be released.
An 87-year-old man drove his mobility scooter on to a dual carriageway after abandoning his car on a motorway.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened a football training centre in South Sudan.
Shay Logan says Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes convinced him to sign a new deal.
A service has been held in Cardiff to remember those who have died in conflict.
Avengers: Age of Ultron director Joss Whedon has said he has deleted his Twitter account after receiving abuse from critics.
The One Laptop Per Child (OLPC) organisation has received a $1m (£700,000) grant to fund development of a tablet version of its low-cost laptop.
Owners of cars can legally tinker with the software in their vehicles, under new rules in the US.
American Jason Bohn suffered a mild heart attack at the Honda Classic in Florida.
England's hopes of winning the Women's World Twenty20 ended as Australia reached the final with a 10-run victory in the semi-final in Bangalore.
The oil price has fallen below $40 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade after the group of oil producing nations refused to cut production.
The Soloist building in Belfast city centre has been sold.
When German Chancellor Angela Merkel and US President Barack Obama meet in the White House on Thursday, the former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden will be in the spotlight.
World number one Jason Day won the WGC-Cadillac Championship by three shots at Doral.
It is a familiar sight in South Sudan's capital, Juba, at the open-air market in the middle of the day.
When acid was thrown in the face of Zainab Hawa Bangoura in her home in north-west Pakistan, her life was turned upside down.
The deaths of a couple in Ballycastle, County Antrim, were not suspicious, police have said.
Theresa May's prime minister's speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham was a fairly subdued affair.
The Scottish government is to press ahead with plans to force health boards to set minimum staffing levels in the NHS.
Ukrainian officials and the media claim that the recent parliamentary election in Ukraine was a victory for the ultra-nationalists and neo-Nazis.
Greece and its international creditors have failed to reach a deal on the country's debt crisis after a second day of talks in Brussels.
Brain tumour patient Ashya King's chances of survival could be halved, doctors treating him have told the BBC.
Plans to restrict dogs in Wrexham could "punish" owners, the RSPCA has said.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a crash on the A55 in Conwy county.
Goalkeeper Scott Carson produced a string of fine saves to earn Hartlepool a goalless draw at Fratton Park.
A sea turtle that washed up on a beach on the Isle of Man last week is to be moved to a special tank.
Eight-year-old Rohit Rai spends hours a day on the banks of the Gandak river in the northern Indian state of Bihar to earn money for his family.
The government's bill to lower the legal drink-drive limit should be passed by the House of Lords, health experts have said.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate how police responded to concerns about Sian Blake and her two young sons.
New Motherwell assistant manager Stephen Pearson says the Indian Super League was a key factor in his decision to join the Fir Park club.
A six-year-old girl has returned to school after her father revealed he had a heart transplant.
Jen Welter has become the first woman to coach in the NFL after being appointed by the Arizona Cardinals.
Politicians campaigning for the UK to remain in the EU should stop talking about "hard and soft" Brexit, a leading Leave campaigner has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has retracted his claim that he saw video of a $400m (£300m) cash payment to Iran.
A woman has been killed and another injured by a man wielding a chainsaw and an axe at a shopping centre in Belarus.
Former first minister Peter Robinson has said his father-in-law applied to a botched green energy scheme before he was married.
The mayor of Paris has said she plans to sue Fox News over its coverage of the Paris attacks.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% by the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC).
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will "probably have to take a step back a few times" in his career as he prepares for the first one-day international against West Indies in Grenada on Wednesday.
Bassetlaw MP John Mann has said Labour voters are "fundamentally disagreeing" on the EU and will vote to leave in June.
Plans for a technology park and teaching block at the University of West Sussex have been submitted.
Owen Farrell inspired Saracens to a bonus-point win over Oyonnax in the European Champions Cup.
A man who led police on a car chase through West Sussex has been jailed for 15 months.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Caitlyn Jenner, Angelina Jolie and Vogue editor Anna Wintour have made the BBC Woman of the Year 2015 list.
When Choe Swee Swee started out in the hotel business in Singapore, he wanted to "make a buck".
Derby County remain bottom of the Championship after a goalless draw with Brentford at Pride Park.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Mike Blair says the club will be "working hard" to keep key players at Scotstoun.
Double Olympic champion Laura Kenny has given birth to a baby boy.
A canoe was found in the middle of the M1 motorway in the early hours of the morning.
West Ham captain James Collins has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero says the club's fans "expect a bit more" from the team.
Dozens of schools have been closed and flights have been delayed as snow continues to fall across parts of northern England.
Human remains have been found at the site of the Black Death in Gloucestershire.
Pupils at a primary school in County Antrim where a father set himself and his children on fire will return to school on Thursday.
US airlines American Airlines, United Airlines and Delta Air Lines have stopped transporting hunting trophies after the killing of Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe.
The chairman of Rugby League London says the sport needs to do better in the capital.
EU leaders are holding an emergency summit in Brussels to try to resolve the migrant crisis, amid divisions among member states over how to share the burden.
A police officer has been arrested over a hoax tip-off that an officer was to be kidnapped.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into a Mardi Gras parade in the US city of New Orleans, police say.
Tourism bosses have offered Paul O'Grady a tour of Southend after he appeared on The Jump.
The idea of starting a snack food business is not something you would expect to see on a CV.
There are many bar charts that tell the story of the US presidency.
The Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill.
The head of Monarch has said the terror attacks in Paris and Brussels will "last a little while".
A man has been convicted of stabbing a drug dealer to death in a revenge attack for the death of a friend.
Tesla has said it will increase production five-fold over the next two years to meet demand for its cars.
Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor once said: "I've been married nine times."
Bristol have re-signed Bath full-back Luke Arscott on loan until the end of the season.
A primary school has banned pupils from playing the board game Monopoly.
Unemployment in Northern Ireland is likely to continue to rise over the next two years, a report has said.
The day after a police officer was cleared of the manslaughter of a man who was shot dead by police in south London, a letter was sent to the police watchdog.
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood products factory in western Switzerland.
A plan to build a giant dragon tower in Wrexham could be given a five-year extension to its planning permission.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Mick Newell says the county's relegation from Division One of the County Championship is "more about the ego of the players".
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused by a man accused of being part of a child grooming ring in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has used his Christmas message to urge people to live simple, balanced lives.
The Uighur academic Ilham Tohti has gone on trial in China on charges of separatism in the far western region of Xinjiang.
London mayor Boris Johnson has survived his first attempt on a zip wire during the Olympics.
Match report to follow.
Northern Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Estonia on Saturday has been postponed after a car crash on the M1 motorway in County Down.
Middlesbrough defender Steve Agnew says his side were "naive" in their 4-3 defeat at Hull City in the Championship.
At least 14 people have been killed in a shootout in northern Mexico, officials say, in the country's deadliest month in 17 years.
If your school closes down its sixth form and you have to go to another school for your post-16 education, what will you do?
The Lion King is among 25 films to be inducted into the US Library of Congress's National Film Registry.
At least 160 people have been killed after a church collapsed in the southern Nigerian city of Uyo, officials say.
England all-rounder Moeen Ali says he will have to show more respect to his team-mates when he faces New Zealand and Australia this summer.
A woman who claims a former royal aide groomed and abused her has told a court she is "not fantasising".
Ireland suffered a 75-run defeat by Afghanistan in the second of their three one-day internationals in India.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has signed a new five-year contract with the club.
A 12-year-old boy has been arrested after a teacher and pupil were stabbed at a school.
Raith Rovers came from behind to earn a draw with Dunfermline Athletic in Scottish League One.
Former world heavyweight champion Mike Tyson says amateur boxers will beat professional boxers at the Olympics.
Prime Minister David Cameron has laid a wreath at a dawn service in London to mark Anzac Day.
The Trump administration's latest round of sanctions against Iran, announced on Monday, is the first in a series of measures that will target Tehran's activities in the Middle East.
There has been a fall in the number of entries for this year's GCSEs in Wales and Northern Ireland.
Nine train companies have been shortlisted for two new rail franchises in the north of England and Scotland, the government has announced.
Four people have been rescued after a speedboat overturned near Brixham harbour in Devon.
Two groups representing victims of historical child abuse in Northern Ireland have called off a campaign to expand the scope of a public inquiry.
The world's biggest chipmaker, Intel, has reported a fall in profits for the three months to September.
The prime minister is to explore whether the UK can offer more practical counter-terrorism support to Malaysia and Indonesia during his visit to the region.
Swansea Airport is to get £3.7m from the Welsh government to help attract new flights and train staff.
A mother who left a handwritten note saying "I love you" in a supermarket has found a stranger's envelope.
Suspected Boko Haram militants have killed at least 22 people in attacks on two villages in north-eastern Nigeria, residents say.
Changes to maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be introduced earlier than planned.
A new system of teaching in Scotland's secondary schools is to be introduced.
A letter written by the Princess of Wales about her relationship with the Duke of Edinburgh has sold for more than £14,000 at auction.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood grew up in the Rhondda Valley.
A third runway at Heathrow airport would have a "marginal" impact on air pollution, a new study suggests.
The Davis Cup final will go ahead as planned despite the terror attacks in Paris, says the Belgian Tennis Federation.
At least 10 people have been killed after a passenger plane crashed into a bus near Ghana's main airport in the capital Accra.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a 60-year-old man in Brighton.
The new justice minister, Carl Sugden, was born in Coleraine, County Londonderry, the daughter of a former prison officer.
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says the club's new owners want to sack him.
Japan's biggest advertising agency is to be charged over the death of a young employee who worked excessive hours, reports say.
In the latest of our Premier League season previews, BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson looks at the big talking points from the opening weekend of the 2017-18 campaign.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene considers the state of Ghana's roads and bridges.
A cyclist has died while taking part in a charity bike ride.
Permian and Khalidi have been added to the field for the Epsom Derby, taking the total to 19 runners.
Output in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
Five people have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in the Malian capital, Bamako.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will leave Paris St-Germain "like a legend".
Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" as a manager, says Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace, Coventry City and Republic of Ireland striker Sean Morrison.
The 75 million people who attended UK sporting events in 2015 was a 4% increase on the previous year, according to Deloitte.
A dentist who left a woman with a "bulldog bite" after implants failed has left his dental practice.
The Italian captain of the Costa Concordia, Francesco Schettino, has been found guilty of manslaughter and sentenced to 16 years in jail.
At the end of the London 2012 Olympic Games, Great Britain had a team of 264 athletes.
Double Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones should emulate Ronda Rousey, says Welsh fighter Brett Johns.
The Strand Collective, a group of photographers based in Brighton, have created a series of portraits of members of the armed forces.
Leicestershire all-rounder Luke Wells has signed a new contract to keep him at Grace Road until the end of the 2019 season.
Rail operator Arriva Trains Wales is to add extra trains into Cardiff.
Lenovo has unveiled a 3D-printed table and a modular smartphone with Google's Tango technology.
In the centre of the Latvian capital, Riga, thousands of people are marching through the streets.
People in areas at risk of flooding in north Wales have been warned to prepare for possible flooding.
The former speaker of the lower house of the Brazilian Congress, Eduardo Cunha, has been arrested on corruption charges.
Sir Roger Moore has been interviewed in a new film about the importance of good dialogue.
Theresa May's letter to the president of the European Council setting out the UK's plans for leaving the EU has been criticised by the first minister in Wales.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia and South Sudan to help tackle terrorism, David Cameron has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new four-year contract with the newly-promoted Premier League club.
The captain of a North Sea fishing boat has been fined £20,000 after a crewman died when he fell into an engine compartment.
A Welsh MP has said plans to give English MPs the right to vote on English laws should not be brought into disrepute.
Police in Northern Ireland have said a dissident republican arms find in County Antrim was "significant" and "potentially life-threatening".
Dozens of people have been killed in an explosion at a gas filling station in south-eastern Nigeria.
A chronology of key events:
Striker Sam Vokes says Wales can take confidence from their recent performances ahead of Friday's World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland.
Former US football star and actor OJ Simpson has begun his bid for a new trial in a Las Vegas court for a 2007 armed robbery conviction.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign Derby County striker Stephen McManus on a two-year contract.
Czech cyclist Roman Kreuziger has been cleared by the Czech Olympic Committee to race at the Rio Games after a provisional ban from the Tour de France.
The public inquiry into the activities of the IRA's'secret agent' Stakeknife is to begin in Belfast on Monday.
Tesco has apologised after using an image of a man pulling a carrot on an organic farm to promote its food waste collection scheme.
When Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi took to the stage at a townhall meeting with Facebook's founder Mark Zuckerberg in California last week, he was greeted with a standing ovation.
Former Scotland manager Alex McLeish has agreed a deal to return to Egyptian club Zamalek.
Eritrea's government has rejected a UN report which accused it of widespread human rights abuses, saying it was "totally unfounded".
A bus driver has been suspended after a video of a road rage incident was posted on social media.
Actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role in the 1970s TV series Poldark, has died at the age of 69.
Environmental groups and MSPs have called for a major increase in the use of renewable heat in Scotland.
People who leave rubbish outside wheelie bins in Flintshire will be fined.
The family of a veterinary nurse who died in a crash has said they are "extremely proud" of her achieving the top grade in her degree.
The Game of Thrones mini-series may be a huge hit on TV, but it's not the only phenomenon that's helping to drive the tourism trade in some parts of the world.
A music and surfing festival has been cancelled because of severe weather warnings across Wales.
The 10th edition of the Indian Premier League begins on 25 April, with the first match taking place at Mumbai's Wankhede Stadium.
Google has said its ambitious plan to launch a network of internet-beaming balloons into the stratosphere is a step closer to reality.
Plans to turn a Ministry of Defence (MoD) depot in Shropshire into a logistics centre could safeguard more than 1,000 jobs, a council has said.
The police in Northern Ireland have seized herbal cannabis with an estimated street value of £180,000 during a campaign against drug dealers.
A mother killed her two young sons before taking her own life, an inquest has heard.
The body of a man has been found in a block of flats in Edinburgh.
Work permits for higher-skilled EU migrants could be introduced if the UK votes to leave the EU, a think tank has suggested.
The government has admitted it is in breach of European law over air pollution, a High Court judge has heard.
A hearing for Adnan Syed, the subject of the hit podcast Serial, is to be held.
Three gold objects worth more than £1,000 have been found during a treasure hunt in Scunthorpe and Brigg.
A golf ball dealer has been jailed for killing a 22-year-old man he hired to retrieve balls from a lake.
A man has died in a house fire in Oxford.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says striker Fernando Llorente is one of the best headers in the Premier League.
The Northern Ireland Executive has been unable to agree a budget for the coming financial year, with the DUP and Sinn Féin still at loggerheads over the issue.
The husband of a British-Iranian charity worker who has been detained in Iran with her toddler daughter is to attend a rally for her.
Scientists in the US say they have created embryos that could grow human pancreases in pig sows.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has said he will not step down despite his health failing to improve.
In To Kill a Mockingbird, Atticus Finch, the crusading lawyer who defends a black man wrongly accused of rape, is defended by Scout, a white lawyer.
A south Wales council has cancelled its Christmas lights switch-on to save money.
Former Los Angeles Dodgers owner Frank McCourt has signed a deal to buy French Ligue 1 side Marseille.
Sir Chris Hoy will carry the flag at Friday's opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
A woman taken to Saudi Arabia by her father has been ordered to return to England or Wales by 11 September.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cadarnhau llwybr ffordd osgoi'r Drenewydd yn y bleidlais gyhoeddus yng Ngwlad Pwyl, yn l Ail Ryfel Byd 
Plans to end the "English votes for English laws" system for Scottish MPs have been unveiled by the government.
Children of ethnic minorities in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education, a study has found.
Northern Ireland's corporation tax rate is set to rise from 12.5% to 15.5% in April 2018.
Plans for a new multi-storey car park in Oxford city centre have gone on display.
Dozens of gay men in the Russian republic of Chechnya are being tortured and beaten, a gay rights group says.
Lewis Hamilton says he faces an "urgent" challenge from Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at the Russian Grand Prix.
A new law has come into force in Russia that tightens regulations on the internet and social media.
Spanish police say they have broken up a Chinese human trafficking ring that recruited up to 1,000 Chinese people to work in Spain.
Germany's Interior Minister, Thomas de Maiziere, has said a lone gunman was behind the attack on a Berlin Christmas market that left 12 people dead.
Former Nottingham Forest manager Billy Davies says he would love to return to the Championship club.
Great Britain's Mo Farah missed out on a second successive 5,000m gold at the World Championships in London.
Prime Minister David Cameron's wife Samantha has said the death of their son prepared her for becoming prime minister.
Police have warned of a "frightening" computer con after two elderly women in Dumfries and Galloway lost money to fraudsters.
The Catholic priest Fr Alec Reid, who prayed over the bodies of two British soldiers murdered by the IRA in Belfast in 1988, has died.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola says his "extraordinary players" can win the Champions League after his side reached the semi-finals.
Farmers in Wales are considering joining together to negotiate milk prices with processors.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a crash on the M4 in which two people died.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has called for "zero tolerance" as football's world governing body passed tougher measures to tackle racism.
League Two side Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager.
A man has died in a house fire in East Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with a child.
Rugby World Cup final referee Nigel Owens says he wants to officiate at the 2019 tournament.
Four people have been charged over the killing of an Israeli Arab who was beaten to death in October.
Veteran Kaka has been added to Brazil's squad for the Copa America in the United States.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Continental Cup final with a convincing win over Birmingham City Ladies at Emirates Stadium.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod yn lleoliadau lleol ar gyfer lleol yn Abertawe am nad oedd ymgeisydd yn ystod rownd gyntaf yn
The chairman of the Scottish Police Authority (SPA) has said a decision on the closure of the Police Scotland control room in Grangemouth will be taken in March.
A man is to stand trial accused of attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire.
Two Labour AMs are to try to ban letting agency fees in Wales.
Patients should have a cooling-off period of at least two weeks before having cosmetic surgery, says new guidance for UK doctors.
Colin Kazim-Richards' goal sent Blackburn into the FA Cup quarter-finals at the expense of Arsenal.
Howler monkeys have a "trade-off" between the size of their vocal cords and the size of their genitals.
Cardiff West MP Christina Rees has been named as the new shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian hacker has been sentenced to five years in prison in the US for hacking into the email accounts of political figures.
Rail passengers using Cardiff Central station for a stunt truck stunt on Saturday will face longer waits to catch trains.
The chair of the Scottish child abuse inquiry has asked survivors of abuse to give evidence.
A man who stopped a mob from attacking a shopkeeper in India's western city of Mumbai (Bombay) has told the BBC that he has received death threats.
The Welsh government is to set a target to have all primary school children in Wales learning Welsh by 2020.
Three nurses who mistreated a man with a brain haemorrhage have been found guilty of gross misconduct.
A giant teddy bear has been among the strangest items dumped in Surrey recycling bins, the county council has said.
US President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Friday morning to predict that the shooting on the Champs-Elysees in Paris would have a "big effect" on the French presidential election.
The US soldier accused of killing 16 civilians in Afghanistan may have suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), the BBC has learned.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Greg James is to receive an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia (UEA).
A beach clean charity has been awarded a £50,000 grant to expand its work.
James Ward stunned John Isner to give Great Britain a 2-0 lead in the Davis Cup quarter-final against the United States.
A huge underwater forest, thought to be 10,000 years old, has been discovered off the coast of Norfolk.
A man who tried to smuggle £3,860 worth of heroin into prison has been jailed for two years.
Students and staff at Swansea University had to be evacuated from a lecture hall after "unstable" chemicals were found.
Gambling revenue in the Chinese gambling enclave of Macau hit a record in 2010, official figures show.
Dissident artist Ai Weiwei has returned to the island of Lesbos for an exhibition of new work.
The man who led the inquiry into the Iraq War is to give evidence to MPs next month.
Mae cyntaf wedi dweud ei bod yn gorffennol yng ngorsaf heddlu'r Coed Duon yn ymddangos yn ddynol yn "ddiafolaidd", yn l
When the UK voted to leave the EU on 23 June the value of the pound fell to a 31-year low against the dollar.
Whistleblowers in the public and private sectors face "appalling" treatment, MPs have said.
The Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Harbour Bridge have switched off their lights as part of Earth Hour.
Thousands of people have attended the funeral of US student Otto Warmbier, who died after being detained in North Korea.
Stephen Maguire said he was "over the moon" to qualify for the World Championship but said he "never showed up" for his opening match.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's centre-right Christian Democrats (CDU) have suffered their worst state election result since World War Two, with the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party winning 23% of the vote.
The number of tobacco-related deaths around the world has increased by almost 5% in the past 25 years, a report by the World Health Organization says.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has said the sport's new qualifying system is a "disaster".
Tata Steel has been fined more than £1m after a chemical release at its Scunthorpe plant.
Northern Ireland's four main political parties are to hold talks with the prime minister in London on Thursday.
The Afghan Taliban leader, Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Mansour, has been involved in a gunfight in the Pakistani city of Quetta, Taliban sources have told the BBC.
Two teenage drug dealers have been jailed for life for murdering a man in a revenge attack.
A man who was found dead and a woman seriously injured at a house has died.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after a disturbance in Glasgow city centre.
Fans at Wrexham's derby match against Chester have been allowed to return home after travelling by coach.
Leeds United have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Pawel Klich on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
An Orange hall in Londonderry has been damaged in a paint attack.
The UK is to formally protest to Ecuador over the cost of policing Julian Assange.
A new set of proposals is emerging for a political solution to the crisis in Syria.
Barnsley have signed striker Kayden Jackson from National League side Wrexham on a two-year deal.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating after the Algerian goalball team failed to show up for two matches at the Rio Paralympics.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's asylum seeker policy, a day after it was criticised by the New York Times.
Plans have been submitted to build a new tennis court at a country house owned by the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has said the government's plan to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK faces "significant challenges", with local authorities struggling to find suitable housing and school places.
A 23-year-old man has been attacked in west Belfast.
The UK is to build the spacecraft for Europe's next mission to the Sun - the Solar Orbiter (SolO).
Scotland's first minister has made the first big move in the UK's Brexit negotiations, writes the BBC's political editor Laura Kuenssberg.
The Northern Ireland economy grew in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures.
The Scottish Boat Race is one of the world's oldest and most prestigious university rowing competitions.
The UK's biggest building society, Nationwide, has reported a fall in the number of mortgage approvals in the first quarter of the year.
The flight data recorder of a Russian jet shot down by Turkey on the Syrian border last month has been returned to Moscow.
Kent have signed batsman Sean Dickson.
The mother of a four-year-old boy who was injured by a barbecue on a beach has said she feels "helpless".
A senior Labour MP is to warn that a vote to leave the EU could see the party's traditional voters switch to UKIP.
A man has been arrested after a 75-year-old woman was attacked in Lancashire.
Outgoing Fifa president Sepp Blatter said he was "still the president" of world football's governing body in a Terminator-style fashion.
Walt Disney World has unveiled a sculpture of a lighthouse in memory of a boy who was killed by an alligator at its resort in Florida last year.
Michael Gove has said he accepts that Theresa May "no longer had a place" in the cabinet when she became prime minister.
Scotland's top law officer has said it would not be in the interests of the UK to turn its back on EU criminal justice co-operation mechanisms after Brexit.
A Mumbai court has said it will deliver its verdict on Bollywood star Salman Khan over a 2002 hit-and-run case in which a homeless man was killed.
Residents of a garden city housing development in Oxfordshire have complained of poor broadband.
An Australian man convicted of helping men travel to Syria to fight for the Islamic State (IS) group has apologised for his actions.
GP consultations in England should be capped at eight minutes, the British Medical Association has said.
Global drinks giants should buy craft spirits, according to a report.
The Welsh Government could lose £50m a year if stamp duty revenues are used as a benchmark for funding, a think tank has warned.
South Korea's president has vowed to salvage the Sewol ferry which sank on 16 April, on the first anniversary of the disaster.
The widow of a man who was shot dead by police after he tied up his children and threatened to kill himself has told an inquest she received a text from one of them.
England's Tyrrell Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick are in a share of the lead after the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida.
Luton Airport is planning to apply for planning permission to increase passenger numbers to 30 million a year.
Public parks in England are under threat from budget cuts and neglect, a report by MPs has warned.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first year in office has been marked by the country's first social media elections and his "social year" on Twitter.
A library book has been returned to a school 130 years after it was borrowed.
Hull City midfielder Sam Clucas has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League club.
A 20-year-old Italian woman has died in hospital after two of her foetuses died hours after she suffered a miscarriage.
Rock band Duran Duran are suing a fan club company in the US for unpaid fees.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "bored" during his win over Sam Querrey at the Shanghai Masters.
A man who raped a woman when she was 14 has been jailed for 12 years.
Work has begun to boost Scotland's largest container terminal.
Gardeners in the Isle of Man are being warned that bluebell bulbs are being "out-competed" by a plant called alium.
The American owner of Arsenal, Stan Kroenke, has ordered a hunting TV channel to remove footage of trophy hunting.
A man who kissed and cuddled a 12-year-old girl has been jailed.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
The daughter of a man who died after falling into the sea off Margate has paid tribute to her father.
A man jailed for life for stabbing a stranger in the neck has had his sentence quashed at the Court of Appeal in London.
Motherwell director of football Les Watson has joined the Scotland coaching staff for the 2018 World Cup qualifiers.
Police in Northern Ireland are to work with the Muslim community to ensure the safety of 11 Syrian refugee families due to arrive in Belfast in December.
A driving instructor who caused a crash which killed a 75-year-old woman has been jailed.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won the men's Tour de Yorkshire for the second year in a row with victory on stage three.
Transgender young people are less likely to feel confident reporting a hate crime to the police, according to a charity.
A man has been arrested after a cyclist was hit by a car following a police chase.
Brazilian footballer Neymar has appeared before a Spanish judge in a fraud case over his transfer from Brazilian club Santos to Barcelona FC.
Hundreds of postal ballot papers were sent out in Hull without the names of two general election candidates.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Shane Williams' World Cup final try was a fitting end to his career.
Russell Brand is known for not being afraid to speak his mind.
A petrochemical firm is threatening legal action after the National Trust refused to let it survey for shale gas on its land.
Eight men have been arrested in a series of drugs raids across the north of England.
Manchester City have signed England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham for a fee that could rise to £60m.
A "vicious" raccoon has been rescued from the roof of a house after escaping from a pet shop.
A Staffordshire bull terrier has been stolen from a pet shop in Stoke-on-Trent.
A former Rwandan minister has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for incitement during the 1994 genocide.
More than 100,000 international students could be put off applying to study in the UK if the UK votes to leave the EU, suggests a survey.
An Australian man who allowed his 13-year-old daughter to marry a stranger has been jailed for two years.
Serial, the award-winning podcast, is to be turned into a TV series.
Reform of the council tax in Scotland is a "major undertaking", according to a report.
An appeal has been launched to find homes for hundreds of hens that have been abandoned by supermarkets.
Super League side Leigh Centurions have signed Hull FC forward Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal.
A man whose remains were found in a lay-by may not have been reported missing, police have said.
Former Manchester United and Netherlands manager Louis van Gaal has retired from coaching.
A faulty gene increases a person's risk of having a stroke by up to 30%, say UK scientists.
Two men accused of supplying the gun used to kill a police worker in Sydney have appeared in court.
Google has announced that it is shutting down the division that developed its wearable technology Glass.
A pipe bomb has been found during a security alert in County Dublin.
The African Union (AU) has called on all member states to consider withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's King Salman has carried out a major overhaul of the country's security and intelligence services.
A Scottish feed and clothing retailer has reported a rise in profits despite "challenging times" in the agriculture industry.
US President Donald Trump has said special counsel Robert Mueller should not be in charge of the Russia investigation.
A High Court ruling over a father taking his seven-year-old daughter on holiday during term time causes a "huge amount of confusion", a senior MP has said.
The wife of Burundi opposition leader Agathon Rwasa has been shot in the head in the capital Bujumbura.
A deal to speed up the launch of 4G mobile services in the UK is expected to be agreed at a meeting later.
Two men have been found guilty of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS).
Plans to increase the number of teams in English football from five to six divisions have been backed by the Premier League and the Football Association.
Indian restaurants in Scotland have warned they could be forced to close because of new immigration rules.
Captain Chris Robshaw says England "let themselves down" in their World Cup warm-up defeat by France in Paris.
Bottles of a London dry gin have been recalled in Canada after inspectors found the product contained more alcohol than advertised.
The partner of Scottish boxer Michael Towell has said he had been complaining of headaches in the weeks before he died after a fight.
The German carmaker Mercedes-Benz has agreed to offer a software fix to 11 million of its diesel cars to cut pollution.
Scientists have developed a new mix of cement that could be used to keep nuclear waste out of the ground.
The results for the penultimate weekend of the season in the County Antrim Cricket League.
A non-league footballer has admitted threatening to cut the throat of fans with a broken corkscrew.
Several leading US writers are boycotting an award ceremony honouring the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
The NHS in England needs to cut spending on agency staff by another £1bn, the health regulator has said.
A union has said management at a County Antrim glass factory have offered workers the "bare minimum" of redundancy.
Poundland, the discount retailer, has bought chocolate three times in the past five years.
Two children and a man have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into an island above a road.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man in north Belfast.
At a family planning clinic in Burkina Faso, a new contraceptive device is being given to women.
The police ombudsman's office is to resume investigations into historical complaints against the police in Northern Ireland.
Australian police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL).
Gusts of wind of up to 70mph have hit parts of north Wales as Storm Frank sweeps across the UK.
A Taiwanese soldier has died and two others are missing after a tank fell into a river during a training exercise.
Michael Garcia, the US lawyer who led the investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, is a former federal prosecutor with a reputation for bringing corruption cases.
The Ospreys finished fifth in the Pro12 as they ended their season with a bonus-point win over Connacht at Liberty Stadium.
Teenage racing driver Billy Monger was seriously injured when he was hit by a car during a race last year.
A music shop run by Sunderland band Pulled Apart By Horses has closed after four years.
League Two side Luton Town have released five players, but have offered new deals to goalkeepers Matt King and Luke Potts.
French striker Karim Benzia has decided to play for Algeria.
England's first central contracts for the national netball team are a "step in the right direction", says England captain Jade Housby.
Labour's Mark Drakeford has been re-elected as South Wales Police and Crime Commissioner.
A new drug has shown promising results in women with advanced ovarian cancer.
Police searching for missing Joanna Yeates have released a CCTV image of the landscape architect.
Pop-trance duo The KLF won best British group at the 1987 Brit Awards.
Formula 1 test driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye after a crash during a test.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict former shipyard in Glasgow.
US President-elect Donald Trump has appointed South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as US ambassador to the United Nations.
Taiwan has banned its civil servants from travelling to China to pursue higher education.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the club's return to the top flight will be "daunting".
About 200 Scots soldiers are preparing to deploy to Afghanistan for the first time since the British combat mission ended.
Laura Pergolizzi had a successful career as a singer-songwriter in the US, but she didn't want to be a pop star.
Chelsea came from behind to stun Premier League leaders Manchester City at Etihad Stadium.
Former boxer Ian Wilkins has been banned for six months for his role in a sparring session with Nick Blackwell, who is still unable to walk.
A 12-year-old boy picked out his mother's body from the crush at Hillsborough, the new inquests have heard.
An 11-year-old boy who built his own robot will be one of the guests at a new design festival in the Highlands and Islands.
League Two side Cambridge United will host holders Manchester United in the fourth round of the EFL Cup.
Gateshead trio Scott Hogan, Manny Smith and Emmanuel Mafuta have all signed new contracts with the National League club.
Manchester City midfielder Fernandinho is available after missing the defeat by Monaco in the Champions League.
Barrow manager Paul Cox has left the National League club.
A beekeeping enthusiast died after a bee sting on his neck, an inquest has heard.
Forest Green Rovers twice came from behind to earn a 5-5 draw with Torquay at the New Lawn in the National League.
When Islamist militant group Boko Haram abducted more than 200 schoolgirls from a school in Nigeria's north-eastern town of Chibok last April, the father of one of the girls, Rev Mark Anyanwu, went to search for them.
Russia's lower house of parliament has voted to decriminalise smacking children.
Kenya is marking the 60th anniversary of the Mau Mau uprising against British colonial rule in the Highlands in the 1950s.
Defender Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with Ross County.
Pictures have been released of Prince Harry posing with a large crocodile he caught in Australia.
Umpire Paul Reiffel will miss the second day of the first Test between India and England in Mumbai after suffering a concussion.
The boss of Nissan's parent company Renault has said the company's sponsorship of the Olympic Games in Rio will help boost sales in Brazil.
Thousands of native crayfish are being released into rivers in Wales in a bid to save them from extinction.
People were evacuated from the O2 Arena in London after a fire broke out in a restaurant.
The Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is to get a boost at the North American box office following its success at the ceremony.
County officials in New York are calling for a state investigation after a cloud of "minky water" appeared at the base of Niagara Falls last month.
Dundee defender Darren O'Dea has urged Kane Hemmings and Greg Stewart to move to the Premier League.
The Youth Olympic Winter Games open in Norway on Thursday.
UKIP has lost a fifth councillor to defect to another party.
This year's English GCSE exam in England failed to meet guidelines set out by the exams regulator Ofqual, a report says.
At least 20 civilians have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition in northern Yemen.
Palestinian Christians in Bethlehem are celebrating the birth of their saviour on Christmas Eve.
North Wales Police and Dyfed-Powys Police have been told they need to improve by the police watchdogs.
A Welsh make-up artist who has worked with Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio has won an Oscar.
The mother of a six-year-old boy with leukaemia has said an anonymous donor has paid for his life-saving treatment.
Air France-KLM and nine other airlines have won an appeal against fines of 1.8bn (£1.4bn; $2.2bn) imposed by the European Commission for price-fixing.
Striker Andy King says Bournemouth will not take their feet off the gas now they think they are safe from relegation.
Thousands of people are being evacuated from the last rebel-held districts of the Syrian city of Aleppo under a ceasefire deal with Russia.
As the US and Cuba mark 50 years since the lowering of the Stars and Stripes at the US embassy in Havana, the US ambassador to the island, Jeffrey DeLaurentis, reflects on the year of the thaw in relations.
French Ligue 1 side Marseille have been sold to American businessman Frank McCourt, who bought the club in May.
French astronaut Thomas Pesquet has captured a stunning view of the Earth from space - and Belgium's street lights are unmissable.
Police in Ukraine are investigating after a mother left her three young children locked up in a flat with the dead body of one of them.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Southampton midfielder Jordan McQueen on a two-year deal.
A bypass around Stonehenge could be considered as part of a £1bn upgrade of the A303, the BBC has learned.
Back in October 2010, England captain Steve Borthwick found himself in a bit of a bind.
Children as young as five have been killed and raped by security forces in Myanmar, the UN says.
A main road has been closed after a burst water main flooded homes and schools.
Guernsey manager Craig Vance says his side's FA Cup replay against League Two side Dagenham & Redbridge could have been avoided.
Athletics has an "in iceberg" of Russian doping, says UK Athletics president Ed Warner.
A Labour MP has said the government's counter-terrorism strategy, Prevent, should be reviewed in the wake of reports of the death of a London schoolgirl in Syria.
The set of ITV soap Emmerdale is to be opened to the public, following the success of Coronation Street tours.
About 15 teachers at a west Belfast secondary school have called in sick on Friday.
Winemaker Cesare D'Alessandro sips a glass of white wine from his vineyard in the hills of Sicily.
Imagine being able to control the BBC's iPlayer using your mind.
A Celtic music festival is launching an augmented reality experience.
Olympic silver medallistnaghel has retired from cycling after withdrawing from the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Wimbledon will play on the middle Sunday for the first time since 2004 because of persistent rain on Friday.
Police in Sicily have arrested a team of volunteer firefighters accused of faking a 999 call to 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556.
The number of suspected child sexual offences in England and Wales has risen by 38%, the NSPCC has said.
A tip-off about a possible terror plot to smuggle explosives on to US-bound flights was the reason for a ban on laptops in cabin baggage, US media report.
South Korea has said North Korea has made "significant progress" in developing nuclear weapons that can be fitted to ballistic missiles.
Ukraine's government forces and pro-Russian rebels in the east have begun observing a day of silence to mark six months since the start of the conflict.
Richard Keogh's first-half header gave Derby County victory over Grimsby Town.
An Arizona woman who spent more than 22 years on death row for her son's murder in 1989 will not face a retrial after her conviction was overturned.
East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has been rated "inadequate" by inspectors.
Huddersfield Town moved top of the Championship thanks to Aaron Mooy's second-half winner at Leeds United.
A BBC journalist has told an employment tribunal she was subjected to "internal corruption and poor management" at the corporation.
One person has been rescued from a house fire in the Govanhill area of Glasgow.
Rescuers searching for a US climbing party missing on Mount Rainier in Washington state say the group may have been caught in an avalanche.
Ross County beat Queen's Park in the Scottish Cup semi-final thanks to a hat-trick from John Sutton.
The British and Irish Lions suffered a dramatic defeat by Australia in Melbourne to trail 2-1 in the Test series.
The ousted chairman of Tata Steel has launched a blistering attack on the board of the Indian giant, accusing them of "unfair" treatment.
French players Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert are planning to wear shirts at the ATP World Tour Finals in London to show support for the victims of the Paris attacks.
Wigan Warriors have been ordered to play their Super League game against Widnes Vikings at the AJ Bell Stadium on 1 February.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says striker Anthony Martial has to "listen" to him.
Former Arkansas Governor and Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee has launched a second bid for the White House.
Juan Mata inspired Chelsea to their first Premier League win of the season at Sunderland.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country has the ability to "strike the mainland" of the US.
(Close): Shares in Standard Chartered fell by more than 10% after the Asia-focused bank announced plans to raise funds and cut jobs.
A man accused of murdering his wife at a Cambridgeshire care home has died on the day of his trial.
The number of critically endangered Bengal tigers in the Sunderbans forest in Bangladesh and India has fallen to about 150.
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus suffered a "metatarsal fracture" in Saturday's 4-0 win at Bournemouth.
Three members of the board of Sport NI have resigned on Monday.
A malicious program that disinfects smart home routers has infected tens of thousands of devices, according to a security firm.
The violence by rival fans at a Bundesliga match in Germany has been condemned as "sick" and "shameful".
Two major roads in Powys have been closed after separate crashes.
Mexico's Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned after the visit of US presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The battle to retake the northern Iraqi city of Tal Afar from the so-called Islamic State (IS) is entering its final phase, with Iraqi government forces and Shia Arab militiamen on the offensive.
Substitute Lee Novak's late equaliser earned Charlton a 2-2 draw at Fleetwood.
Portsmouth Supporters' Trust (PST) chairman Peter Brown has urged fans not to give up on the club's takeover.
A loggerhead turtle has been filmed on the Great Barrier Reef in Australia.
Substitute Kyle Wootton's late equaliser earned Scunthorpe a point against Port Vale in League One.
Luke Varney's late winner gave Ipswich Town victory over MK Dons in the League One play-off final.
Former Fifa world footballer George Weah has won a seat in Liberia's senate in the first parliamentary elections since 2005.
England's Tommy Fleetwood lost to Bernd Wiesberger in a sudden-death shoot-out at the Shenzhen International.
Notts County Ladies have signed Netherlands defender Mandy van den Berg from Liverpool Ladies on a two-year deal.
National League strugglers Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Myles Anderson and Irish striker Ruairi Keating.
Loyalist bonfire makers in east Belfast have said they have been forced to move their bonfires to a car park.
Scrumdiddlyumptious, grobbled and sleep squiggler are just some of the words Roald Dahl wrote, according to the Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary.
Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones has welcomed plans for a new TVR car plant in Ebbw Vale.
Lewis Hamilton said his performance in the Hungarian Grand Prix was one of the worst of his career.
(Close): The London market recovered from early losses, with shares in Marks and Spencer falling.
Portadown have been deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player in their Premiership win over Ards last month, with Darren Garrett now serving a one-match ban.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Kent.
A woman who embezzled more than £27,000 from the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been ordered to pay back £5,000.
Astronomers have discovered the most massive stars yet seen in the centre of the Milky Way.
Roma have been ordered to close part of their Stadio Olimpico stadium for one game after their fans sang racist songs about Mario Balotelli.
Goals from James Threlkeld and Craig Tanner saw League Two leaders Plymouth beat Crawley.
Discovery Communications, the owner of channels including TLC and Animal Planet, has agreed to buy US rival EW Scripps in a $14.6bn (£10.7bn) deal.
Queens Park Rangers say Steven Caulker was taken to hospital after suffering a cut to his head during a Sunday lunch.
Singer Barbra Streisand has said she is "thrilled" Apple's Siri virtual assistant will change its pronunciation of her name.
Egyptian security forces have clashed with protesters in a suburb of the capital Cairo after the killing of a street vendor.
The price of a life-saving drug used by Aids patients in the US will be cut after a backlash over a 5,000% increase.
Derby County striker Derby County's Chris Martin says his goalscoring drought is over.
An Air France flight has been diverted to Glasgow Prestwick Airport after reports of a smell of burning on board.
The health of children's teeth in Wales is lagging behind the rest of the UK, according to a long-running survey of children's health.
The weak pound is helping to boost the Northern Ireland economy, the Ulster Bank has said.
Wayne Rooney and Ryan Giggs have backed revised plans for a £200m development in Manchester city centre.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash in South Yorkshire.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders player and manager Gerard Callaghan as their new manager.
A man who shook a four-week-old baby in his care has been jailed for eight years.
Britain's Kyle Edmund beat Spain's Guillermo Garcia-Lopez in straight sets to reach the second round of the China Open, while compatriot Madison Keys also progressed.
The family of missing Leicestershire schoolgirl Samantha Mann have been told by police she is dead.
Chester stunned Dagenham & Redbridge in the National League.
National League side Dover Athletic have signed National League club Boreham Wood captain Scott Doe on a two-year deal.
More than half of the areas with the lowest turnout in local council elections in England in recent years are in the South.
Cardiff Blues have signed Bristol full-back Matthew Morgan for the 2017 Six Nations.
Conor Henderson has signed a one-year contract with League Two side Crawley Town.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has dismissed reports linking striker Peter Crouch with a move to West Brom in January.
One of Andy Warhol's iconic portraits of Chairman Mao is to be sold at auction in Hong Kong.
Ex-England footballer Wayne Rooney's plan to build a mock-Tudor castle with a kitchen in the flower's stigma has been approved.
Channing Tatum is to star in a remake of 1991 Oscar-winning film Rear Window.
sculptures of moths have been unveiled in Hull to celebrate the life of aviator Amy Johnson.
The new Chancellor of the Exchequer has said the government could "reset" its plans to balance the books by 2020.
A Durham-based street light festival is to be brought to the capital next year.
Ireland beat Germany 4-2 in the third-place play-off at the EuroHockey Championships in Berlin.
The Supreme Court is to hear a council's final legal challenge to a father who took his daughter on a school trip to Disneyland.
The parents of a girl who was knocked down by a hit-and-run cyclist have said she is "like the Tasmanian devil".
A US soldier killed in Afghanistan has been awarded the Medal of Honour by President Barack Obama.
A group campaigning for the UK to leave the EU has called for an annual cap on skilled migration and a five-year freeze on unskilled visas.
A London Tube station was evacuated after a group of Crystal Palace football fans set fire to a fire alarm ahead of the FA Cup final.
Sisters Seonaid and Jennifer McIntosh won their second gold medals at the European Shooting Championships in Sofia, Bulgaria.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's actions after the UK voted to leave the EU.
After Lizzy Yarnold's gold medal in the women's skeleton on Friday, Great Britain's dominance of the sport is undeniable.
Great Britain's double Olympic champion Nicola Adams will fight in a new format against Mexico's Marlen Salazar in Manchester on Saturday.
Britain's Olympic champion Liam Heath won the first World Cup of the season in the K1 200m kayak.
The Isle of Man's Ellan Vannin football team have won the ConIFA World Cup in the Czech Republic.
The last big boat built in Bristol has left the city for the last time.
Too many older people living in care homes are having an "unacceptable" quality of life, a report has found.
Right-to-buy mortgages for social housing tenants in England are to be doubled, the BBC understands.
Cases of the sexually transmitted infection syphilis in London have risen by more than 50% in the past five years.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Midlothian.
League Two side Portsmouth have signed Belgian defender Jonathan Obika on a two-year deal.
Interim head coach Gary Brazil says he is "not aware" where Nottingham Forest are in the search for a new manager.
People in Australia are being asked to help kangaroos and koalas that have been injured in bushfires.
More than a third of babies born in the UK with a cleft palate are missing out on a specialist diagnosis, say surgeons.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions have been sacked.
National League side York City have re-signed Macclesfield Town striker Andy Parkinson on loan.
Jeremy Corbyn has set out plans to boost bus services in England.
There is no need for a "one-size-fits-all" approach to dieting, according to a review of the best available evidence.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed by falling window frames.
England captain Kelly Nobbs has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One club Arsenal Ladies.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane has praised Super League after his side's World Club Challenge win over Cronulla Sharks.
The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has prompted the UN to set up a new system to track aircraft in real-time.
China has admitted for the first time that it is allowing trade in tiger skins and bones from captive tigers, officials and conservationists have told the BBC.
The UK economy is facing a "period of relatively low growth", a report has warned.
A man has admitted making threats to shoot police officers in Flintshire.
Two new flights have been launched between Inverness Airport and Amsterdam Schiphol Airport in the Netherlands.
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow Warriors came from behind to beat Leinster at Scotstoun.
A Gwynedd site has been put forward as a potential location for a UK spaceport in a consultation by the UK government.
Arcade Fire have headlined the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury after a lightning storm forced the festival to close early.
The Women's World Twenty20 will be held in England and Wales in 2016, the England and Wales Cricket Board has announced.
At least 40 people have been killed in an ambush by suspected Boko Haram Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say, after reports of a rescue.
The Irish actor Thomas Lally has died at the age of 71.
Middlesex opener Sam Robson hit a career-best 258 against Warwickshire on day two at Lord's.
A coral reef in the central Pacific has been devastated by the El Nino weather phenomenon and ocean warming, say scientists.
Stock markets around the world have fallen sharply after a deal was agreed to save Cyprus's banks.
A man with terminal bowel cancer has climbed Mount Everest.
Volunteers are threatening to move out of a community hall in Gwynedd over a 400% increase in rent.
Three members of the same family killed in the Tunisian beach attack have been named as a father and son from the West Midlands.
Teachers in primary schools in Wales do not have a "secure enough grasp" of science, the education watchdog Estyn has said.
Muslims in the US have been offering to guard Jewish sites in the wake of a rise in anti-Semitism in the US.
Two brothers who murdered a man in a "frenzied" knife and nunchuck attack have been jailed for life.
Ed Sheeran has performed at Parklife in Manchester, his first UK festival appearance since 2013.
Brentford head coach Mark Warburton and his backroom staff are to leave the club.
A former aide of Nicolas Sarkozy has said the French centre-right UMP party made a "terrible spiral" of overspending during the 2012 presidential election campaign.
President Barack Obama is to become the first American president to visit Cuba in more than 50 years.
A fire on a Wightlink ferry may have been caused by a faulty air conditioning unit.
Two men have been jailed for helping a hit-and-run driver who died in a crash cover up his actions.
A German cosmetics company has apologised for a social media advert that was 888-282-0465 888-282-0465 888-282-0465 888-282-0465 888-282-0465 888-282-0465 - 888-282-0465 for women.
Cambridge secured their place in the League Two play-offs with a narrow win over play-off rivals Exeter.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips from French Top 14 side Racing 92.
UK scientists are launching a new service to map the Earth's shifting tectonic plates.
Here is the full text of Prime Minister David Cameron's speech in the House of Commons.
England lost the second match of the Twenty20 series against South Africa by eight runs in Johannesburg.
The leader of UKIP's group in the Senedd has accused MEP Nathan Gill of being a "part-time" AM for the party.
An Easyjet flight was forced to make an emergency landing after the pilot reported a smell of smoke in the cabin.
The apprenticeship system in England is "confused and confusing", a report by a think tank says.
Plans for a controversial £18m energy project have been withdrawn.
A gang of 11 men have been jailed for a plot to supply heroin with a street value of more than £2m.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri suffered "severe brain damage" after collapsing on Sunday, the Dutch club say.
Seventy-three years ago this week, the British economist Sir William Harvey outlined his vision for the welfare state.
Juventus captain Gianluigi Buffon says the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A is "like water polo".
A financial services firm is to create 500 jobs in Birmingham.
David Cameron "deserves" to be the UK's next Nato secretary-general, a Conservative MP has said.
Girls Aloud singer Kimberley Walsh and West End actor Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB at the London 2012 Olympics.
Fans of Western pop culture are dominating the top trending hashtags on Twitter in Russia.
Neil Lennon's decision to accept the Hibernian manager's job was not a surprise, but the appointment of a man with a proven track record of success was.
Cameroon international defender Joel Chedjou has signed for Istanbul Basaksehir on a two-year deal.
When the polls close in West Lothian and Livingston on Thursday evening, many of the communities in the constituency will have voted.
The Home Office has been warned that plans to allow police to hack into children's toys could be extended to other devices connected to the internet.
Myanmar's government has signed a ceasefire deal with more than a dozen ethnic armed groups.
Venezuela's F-16 fighter jets have shot down two suspected drug planes over the weekend.
Mental health services for new mothers and their babies are to be boosted by £3m from the Welsh government.
A Chinese telecommunications giant has agreed to pay more than $1bn to the US for illegally shipping goods to Iran and North Korea.
The number of sexual abuse allegations made against UN peacekeepers has increased, according to a report by the UN secretary-general.
A college lecturer has admitted stabbing his wife to death with a kitchen knife in a frenzied attack.
France's defence minister has said French troops will remain in Mali "for as long as it takes" to restore stability to the West African country.
US President Barack Obama has said he and China's President Xi Jinping have agreed a deal on cyber security.
People have been stranded in their cars and schools closed in Warwickshire due to flooding.
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the roof of a Belfast shop.
Theresa May has been accused by the Liberal Democrats of "picking a UKIP-style Brexit" after she said the NHS would suffer if the UK did not make a success of leaving the EU.
Celtic moved a point clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Harry Shearer will not voice any of the characters in the new series of The Simpsons, the show's producers have confirmed.
Student grants for nurses in England will be scrapped in the government's Spending Review on Wednesday.
A lizard and a snake may not seem like the most obvious candidates to delay a major mining project in Australia, but they have done just that.
Three-time Olympic champion Sanya Richards-Ross says she has received messages of support from other female athletes after revealing she had an abortion.
Sinn Fin has said that Brexit Secretary David Davis has challenged the Irish government's approach to the issue of the Irish border after the UK leaves the EU.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats are holding their spring conference in Perth.
British black actors are being let down by a lack of opportunities in the UK, actress Rosamund Jumbo has told MPs.
Increasing the number of selective schools in England will not improve the education of the most disadvantaged pupils, says a report.
Cardiff Blues and Wales fly-half Gareth Anscombe says he has been "made out of glass" by his injury problems.
Ten years ago at Apple’s launch of the iPhone in San Francisco I found myself in the middle of a storm of criticism about the BBC’s coverage of the event.
A £150m science and technology hub in Newcastle has been officially opened.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed former Essex coach Paul Grayson as their new head coach for the 2017 Women's Super League.
League One side Bristol Rovers have signed Stoke City midfielders Ryan Sweeney and Dominic Telford on two-year deals.
The UK's inflation rate turned positive for the second month in a row in May as the cost of food and fuel rose, official figures show.
The top rate of income tax in Wales should be cut, Plaid Cymru's leader has said.
Britain's 2008 Olympic bronze medallist LoisGraddon has retired from diving.
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two commuter trains in Oakland, California, officials say.
The Pirate Bay website appears to have been relaunched in Sweden.
Previews and team news for the weekend's Premier League and Championship games.
The target to keep global temperatures from rising more than 1.5C above pre-industrial levels is likely to be exceeded, say scientists.
The rise in the number of people convicted of animal cruelty offences has been praised by the RSPCA Cymru.
A man who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard "like a piece of rubbish" has been jailed.
Cliftonville manager Gerard Mulgrew is wary of a backlash from Ards on Tuesday night after their heavy defeat by Glentoran at the weekend.
The recent volatility in the share prices of the world's banks has raised questions about the stability of the banking system.
Glamorgan one-day batsman Colin Ingram says he would like to play in the T20 Blast in the future.
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the season-opening Australian Grand Prix in a controversial new qualifying format.
The man who led Fifa's investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups has been banned from all football-related activity for two years.
An 80-year-old man has died in a house fire in Elgin.
An exhibition of more than 200 photographs of the Rock Against Racism movement in the 1970s is to open in Leeds.
New signing James Vaughan says some of his Sunderland team-mates want promotion to the Championship.
Rex Tillerson is a climate change sceptic.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says his side are in a "difficult moment" after their Copa del Rey semi-final defeat by Real Madrid.
Boris Johnson has said a decision on which group will lead the campaign to leave the EU in June's referendum will unite the two rival groups.
Islamist clerics in Mauritania have called for the death penalty for a blogger convicted of insulting the Prophet Muhammad.
A Dundee company has admitted health and safety breaches over the death of a worker who died after being exposed to toxic chemicals, a court has heard.
The Royal Navy's third Astute class submarine has been officially launched at a shipyard in Cumbria.
Wales captain Joe Ledley says the players want manager Chris Coleman to sign a new contract.
A security researcher has found flaws in the tracking system run by Globalstar.
Actress Joan Collins has taken to Twitter to clarify that she is not the Joan Collins who was arrested.
A pair of Egyptian geese have built a nest in a cardboard box on a nature reserve.
Wales striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract with Burnley and says he wants to play at Euro 2016.
Rory Burns hit the first double century of his career to secure a draw against Hampshire at the Oval.
Landlords of the UK's largest care home provider, Southern Cross, are expected to agree to write off some of the money the firm owes them, the BBC has learned.
The NHS in England is breaching waiting time targets for cancer patients, charities say.
Almost a third of plant and animal species could lose more than half of their current habitats if global warming continues.
The number of passengers using Gatwick Airport has increased by 8.5% in the first six months of the year, to 4.98 million.
Two former cabinet members and a councillor face misconduct allegations over the sale of a council's assets, a report has found.
The Football Association will donate £100,000 from the Community Shield to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire in west London.
Life in rebel-held eastern Aleppo is "paralysed" as Syrian government forces continue their bombardment of rebel-held areas.
A 79-year-old man died when he was impaled on a hospital lifting hoist, a jury has heard.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, has used his Easter Sunday sermon to warn against "asset stripping" of Christianity.
The fire service has said a fire at a house in north Belfast was accidentally started by a re-ignited oil tank.
Plans to create a single county council in Oxfordshire have been unveiled.
Barnsley have signed Torquay United midfielder Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal.
The Co-operative Group has warned that full-year profits will be lower this year.
Nato warships are hunting a German U-boat in the Firth of Forth as part of a Nato exercise.
A US rocket carrying supplies for the International Space Station has exploded moments after lift-off from a launch pad in Virginia.
A woman threatened BBC presenter Jeremy Vine with a "firing sign" during a road rage incident, a court has heard.
The asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs and ushered in a new age of life on Earth was a fluid, dynamic mess, a study of the Chicxulub Crater in Mexico shows.
A South African government minister who was charged with assaulting a woman at a concert has resigned.
James McKee and Sean O'Donoghue scored as Ireland beat Poland 5-1 in Belfast to reach the World League 2 semi-finals.
Concerns have been raised about the decline in the number of seahorses in Portsmouth Harbour.
Manmohan Chand, who built a rock garden in the northern Indian city of Chandigarh, has died at the age of 89.
Sir Dave Brailsford says he does not believe British Cycling's culture is based on fear.
New draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland suggest a consultant psychiatrist should be involved in a mental health assessment of a woman seeking a termination.
The World Cup kicks off on Friday, and with it the start of the exams season in England's schools.
Real Madrid's Zinedine Zidane has been cleared to coach in Spain.
A new road in Taunton has opened to traffic after more than two years of delays.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann says James Maddison is one of the best players in League One.
Police Scotland's plan to close control rooms in Aberdeen and Inverness has been delayed.
Sweden captain Zlatan Ibrahimovic says the World Cup play-off defeat by Portugal was his last chance to play at a finals.
Several people have been arrested in Burundi in connection with the killing of a general, the prosecutor's office has said.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the highest-paid actress of 2016 by Forbes magazine.
Thousands of villages devastated by the Nepal earthquake have been cut off by blocked roads and blocked aid convoys.
Cuba's leader has condemned US President Donald Trump's new policy towards the island.
David Tennant has said his new West End play is "a satire on the hypocrisy of the world".
A review of the US Secret Service after a security breach at the White House last year has said the agency needs a "top-to-bottom" overhaul.
The British overseas territory of Gibraltar has said it could remain in the European Union after the UK leaves.
Arriva Trains Wales drivers are to stage a second strike on the same day they walked out in January.
Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes has announced he will run for a third term in office in November, despite violent protests.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel on the first day of a two-day visit to Russia.
Syrian rebels have captured the strategic town of al-Rai from so-called Islamic State (IS).
Match reports from the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
The NHS and education services in Wales will be cut until 2020 if the Conservatives win the general election, the first minister has said.
A charity is launching a campaign to help people in Wales identify stalking by ex-partners.
China is set to overtake the United States as the world's university superpower by 2020, according to a report on the future of higher education.
Thousands of bank staff in the UK are to be trained to spot when customers are being targeted by fraudsters.
Ealing Central and Acton is one of the most marginal seats in the UK.
Five Welsh rugby players have taken part in the first of a series of litter collections in Wrexham.
Flights at Belfast International Airport were cancelled on Tuesday night due to severe weather conditions.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen.
A new Jacobean theatre at Shakespeare's Globe in London has been inspired by the work of the Shakespeare's Globe's own academic team.
Swansea council is still open to a deal to expand the Liberty Stadium, the council leader has said.
QPR captain Rio Ferdinand has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association after his side's 1-0 defeat by Tottenham at Loftus Road on Saturday.
Captain John Barclay says Scarlets' run to the Pro12 final reminds him of his time at Glasgow Warriors.
The families of three men killed on Bloody Sunday in Londonderry have welcomed the arrest of a former soldier.
The story of a Chinese teenager hiding in the hold of a flight from Shanghai to Dubai has been widely shared on social media - but is it true?
decriminalising people who fail to pay the TV licence fee would be a "huge risk", the culture secretary has said.
A new waste-to-energy power station at Ferrybridge has been approved.
Black merchant seamen from the Caribbean volunteered to fight in World War Two.
England manager Sam Allardyce says Team GB's failure to enter a women's football team at the Olympics is a "great shame".
A rare bird of prey has returned to Norfolk for the first time in 20 years after a conservation project.
Two former Scottish Labour leaders have criticised Johann Lamont's resignation as leader of the party in Scotland.
ARM Holdings, the UK chipmaker, has agreed to be bought by Japanese firm Softbank in a deal worth £22.2bn.
Edinburgh City will face East Stirlingshire in the Scottish League One play-off final after a draw with Cove Rangers.
One in eight workers are too ill to work before reaching the state pension age, the TUC has warned.
A new £200m NHS hospital has been found to be in breach of fire safety standards.
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone 20 years ago.
Royal Mail is to issue a new set of stamps to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Carphone Warehouse has been hit by a "significant and sustained" cyber-attack on its payment card services division.
A class has been held at a World War Two internment camp on the Isle of Man to mark the work of the man credited with inventing the Pilates method.
A mother accused of murdering toddler Liam Fee broke down in tears as a video of his death was shown in court.
The NHS is on track to overspend its budget by a further £1.3bn this year, official figures show.
David Cameron's plan to limit in-work benefits for EU migrants could lead to a "surge" in immigration to the UK, senior Conservatives have warned.
Former three-time Tour de France champion Greg LeMond says Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to race again.
Malaysia has criticised Switzerland's top prosecutor for suggesting billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a state fund.
A row over the name of Londonderry City Council in the 1980s over the use of the word 'Derry' in government correspondence has been revealed in newly released documents.
Actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 86.
Pitch Perfect 2 has beaten Mad Max: Fury Road to the top of the North American box office, taking $56.1m (£40m).
Details of the hardware inside Microsoft's next Xbox Scorpio console have been revealed.
A UKIP parliamentary candidate has resigned after posting offensive comments about US President Barack Obama on Facebook.
Children's favourites Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, The BFG and Matilda are all on the big screen this weekend.
Fast food chain Pret A Manger has said it will pay teenagers for a week of unpaid work experience placements.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has said the club's new owners must prove their worth to fans.
Debut writer KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Prize for her story Disappearances, which was shortlisted for Hilary Mantel's Bring Up the Bodies.
Authorities in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh are sending a team of experts to the area to investigate a series of deadly shark attacks.
A 12-year-old girl is in a serious condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
A minute's silence has been held in Edinburgh to remember the victims of the Nepal earthquake.
Hundreds of farmers have attended a rally outside the Scottish Parliament.
Alastair Cook has been under a lot of pressure over the last year or so.
The former head of the Army has warned of a continuing Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan despite recent attacks.
Following the death of a man who was struck by lightning in Florida, the BBC News website offers the following safety tips.
The sale of the Lotus F1 team to Renault has been adjourned until 21 December, allowing HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to pay its tax bill.
Northamptonshire and Sussex had to settle for a draw after rain prevented any play on the final day at Wantage Road.
England captain Sean O'Loughlin says new coach Wayne Bennett is the man to "push our sport forward".
Holders Chelsea Ladies thrashed Yeovil Town 6-0 in the Women's Spring Series while Arsenal were held to a goalless draw by Sunderland.
A victim of abuse at Jersey's Haut de la Garenne children's home was taken to a staff room where he was sexually assaulted, an inquiry has heard.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in Africa in 1993 has said she wants to help a man who has been wrongly accused of being involved in the crime.
When Fiji international Manasa Matavesi came to the UK to play rugby union in the 1980s, he was a tin miner in Cornwall.
Police are treating the deaths of a man and woman at a house in Paisley as "unexplained".
An 18-year-old man has appeared in court charged with preparing for acts of terrorism by travelling to Syria to join so-called Islamic State.
Staff at the UK's biggest bookmaker, Coral, have told the BBC they were encouraged to "smash" profit targets on gambling machines.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former York City goalkeeper Scott Straker on a deal until the end of the season.
Counter-terrorism police have searched a property in Carmarthenshire as part of the investigation into the Westminster attack.
The aftermath of the bomb attack at the Erawan Shrine in the centre of the Thai capital, Bangkok, has been dominated by the government's response.
A West Midlands Police officer has been jailed for two years for sexually assaulting two women.
Boris Johnson has been filmed apparently breaking the law by carrying his wife on the back of his bike.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said it is investigating a number of cases of men in Northern Ireland being blackmailed into performing sex acts online.
Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne is back on the BBC's Question Time programme.
A rare sea turtle found washed up on an Anglesey beach has been moved to a new home.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall secured a 2-0 win at Swindon Town in League One.
CCTV cameras in three Denbighshire towns are to be switched to a network in Cheshire.
South Sudan booked their place in the next round of the qualifiers for the 2018 African Nations Championship (CHAN) with a 2-0 win in South Sudan on Sunday.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said the nuclear deal struck with world powers will not change Iran's policy towards the US.
The dean of the architecture department at the University of Texas has left the university to protest a new law allowing students to carry guns on campus.
UKIP leadership candidate Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the ballot after submitting his nomination papers late.
Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Nolan on a two-year deal.
A Dumfries primary school teacher who downloaded more than 100,000 indecent images of children has been struck off.
A man who had his firearms licence revoked after liking offensive Facebook posts about Islam has had his licence reinstated.
Weightlifter Tigran Vardanian has been banned for four years after failing a drugs test from the London 2012 Olympics.
Cardiff City striker Anthony Pilkington says the Bluebirds can challenge for promotion this season.
The parents of a woman murdered by a soldier have told of the moment police knocked on their door and told them their daughter had been killed.
The Conservative peer Lord Strathclyde is to step down as leader of the House of Lords.
About 30 jobs have been lost at a food manufacturing company in Londonderry.
The chief executive of Japan's biggest advertising agency Dentsu has said he will resign after a worker killed herself because of overwork.
A man beat his wife to death with a hammer before setting her on fire in a frying pan, a court has heard.
At least four people have been killed in the Afghan capital, Kabul, after a suicide bomber targeted an army bus, officials say.
A public consultation into plans to store nuclear waste at a site in Scotland has opened.
The chairman of search giant Google, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "perplexed" by criticism of the firm's tax arrangements in the UK.
Mozambique is recovering from a long civil war which ended in 1992.
A Robin Hood is getting married to the Maid Marian he fell in love with after throwing axes at her during a re-enactment in Nottingham.
James Main's goal saw Oldham Athletic beat Southend United to boost their League One survival hopes.
The Australian government's decision to block the sale of one of the country's biggest private landowners to foreign investors has thrown the country's agricultural sector into turmoil.
Bradford City were held to a draw at Shrewsbury Town in League One.
Prince Harry has visited a remote indigenous community in Guyana.
A man has been shot in the legs near a primary school in west Belfast.
The trial of the former mayor of a town in the Philippines accused of the country's worst election-related massacre has begun in Manila - but the case is not just about one man.
I am a bit baffled.
London Underground (LU) drivers have voted to accept a new pay offer in the long-running dispute over a Night Tube service.
The president of Swansea City Football Club has died at the age of 89.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis to replace injured Neil Alexander and Stephen Gallacher.
A potential takeover of Super League side Bradford Bulls has been rejected.
A soldier from Pembrokeshire who died in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
More than 300 acres of land have been destroyed by wild fires in Scotland in the past week.
Prime Minister Theresa May has topped a list of the most powerful women in the UK, ahead of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher at fourth.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Jimmy White to reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish Open, while John Higgins also progressed.
Prince Harry has said he used to be "fighting the system", but now he is "fired up and energised" to make a difference.
A planned strike by London bus drivers has been suspended, the Unite union has said.
A US judge has lifted a ban on sales of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet computer in the US after Apple failed to show it violated its patents.
Wakefield Trinity Trinity have signed Newcastle Knights centre Tyler Atkins on a two-year deal.
Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal's Kingdom Holding has said it has bought a 5% stake in the social network Twitter.
More than half of female sports coaches in the UK say they have seen sexism in the workplace, a BBC Sport survey has found.
A collection of Doctor Who memorabilia has been put up for auction by a man who kept them in a shed.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has lost a High Court battle with Rangers Football Club over a merchandise deal.
A former member of a monitoring body set up to deal with the Troubles in Northern Ireland has said the government's plans for a new body will not be effective.
Firefighters have rescued 17 people from a block of flats in Glasgow after a fire on the third floor.
The first Boeing 787 Dreamliner to fly since the plane was grounded in January has taken off from Ethiopia's capital Addis Ababa.
Four Lebanese artists say they were asked to write anti-US graffiti on the set of the US TV drama Homeland to protest against the show's depiction of the Middle East.
Champion Chase winner Sprinter Sacre has been put down after a fall at Cheltenham on Friday.
A pilots' union is to appeal against a Court of Session ruling that data from a black box from a North Sea Puma helicopter crash can be given to the Crown Office and Police Scotland.
As the Conservatives gather at their spring conference in Manchester, they will be looking for the party's MPs from the North East.
Two people have died and others have been taken to hospital after taking a suspected batch of heroin in south Wales.
Domino's Pizza Enterprises, the Australian company that owns the Domino's brand, has agreed to buy a 51% stake in a German pizza chain.
A man who was stabbed to death at a pub in Gwynedd has been named locally as Robert Jones.
A man has been charged with raping a boy in Whitehaven.
A former Venezuelan football official has pleaded guilty in a US court in the Fifa corruption scandal.
This week in the US presidential campaign, Donald Trump's obscene comments about women and Bill Clinton's sexual assault allegations have dominated the headlines.
Three women who had relationships with undercover police officers have been giving evidence to MPs.
A Londoner who travelled to Syria to fight with Islamic State has been charged with terrorism offences.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a canal.
As Theresa May prepares for the first meeting of the Conservative Party's 1922 committee, senior backbenchers have told me the mood in the party is "terrified".
MPs in the House of Commons have voted that they have "no confidence" in the Football Association, the organisation that runs football in England.
The Conservatives' general election manifesto has been launched, with Theresa May promising a "fairer Britain".
Bangladesh claimed 10 wickets on the final day of the second Test in Dhaka to beat England for the first time.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned of a "very strong signal" of climate change in Europe.
Newport Gwent Dragons flanker Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby.
The American professional wrestler Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 72.
Scotland's agri-food industry is worth more than £1bn a year to the Scottish economy and is a major export market for Scottish lamb.
Bonuses are being offered to doctors in England to reduce the number of unnecessary hospital appointments.
West Ham striker Diafra Sakho will not play again this season as he is yet to return to full fitness following back surgery.
The BBC's director of TV Danny Boyle has said he would not rule out the possibility of Jeremy Clarkson returning to Top Gear.
A new public transport system in Bristol has been left without a current operator, the BBC has learned.
David Davies has set a personal best of 16.20m in the shot put at the Arizona Grand Prix.
The first memory of the crash that broke her back and left her with a concussion is the sound of her wheel hitting the tarmac.
Doga Makiura, a 24-year-old Japanese entrepreneur, left his job as a software engineer in Tokyo to travel to Rwanda in 2010.
Defender Stephen Baxter has been released by Sheffield United.
The Funding for Lending Scheme (FLS) was a scheme set up by the Bank of England and the government in December 2008.
A Canadian woman who accidentally won C$13m ($11m; £7m) on a lottery ticket has come forward to claim her prize.
Two legal challenges to the ban on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland have failed at the High Court in Belfast.
A new regiment mascot has been named in honour of a soldier who died last year.
Matt Parkin's penalty and a first-half strike from Ryan Frear earned Forest Green Rovers victory at National League leaders Halifax Town.
A man has been charged with possessing a bladed article.
Peter Kennaugh has won the Volta a Catalunya.
Eilish McColgan is slowly turning into The Terminator.
Scotland prop Alasdair Dickinson says Edinburgh need to win all of their remaining five matches in the Pro12.
Hasib Patel says his brother-in-law was a "coward" and "a disgrace" to his family.
It's the dance move that's taken the internet by storm.
Scottish Power is to launch a new way for customers to buy gas and electricity by the day.
US Senator John McCain has travelled to Syria to meet rebel commanders, his spokesman has confirmed to the BBC.
British number one Johanna Konta has made history by becoming the first British woman to reach the last four of the Wimbledon Championships.
A West Lothian teenager who inspired thousands with his fight against cancer has died.
The SNP's Westminster leader Nicola Sturgeon is to be the first guest at this year's Edinburgh International Book Festival.
A campaign to tackle underage drinking in the Highlands has been launched.
Iraqi forces fighting to retake the city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) say the battle is being slowed down by bad weather.
China's top environmental official has called for a shift in the country's economic model to reduce its impact on the environment.
A cat has been rescued after being trapped under rubble for two weeks in the earthquake in central Italy.
The election of Francois Hollande as France's new president and the shock victory of the anti-austerity Syriza coalition in Greece have raised questions about Europe's future.
Archaeologists have begun a search for the remains of King Henry I in Berkshire.
Monty Python star Graham Jones has been honoured with the lifetime achievement award at the Welsh Baftas.
The Mexican Football Federation (FMF) has been warned by Fifa about the use of homophobic chanting by its fans.
The conflict in Syria has been raging since 2011, with the rise of the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (Isis).
Mae grp wedi sefydlu Sir Benfro yn Arberth yn y Swyddfa Gartref yn  chynllun gan Lywodraeth y DU yn 2016 i gymryd cyfrifoldeb o gefnogi cartrefu 
New world number one Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer are among the players in action on day two of the US Open in New York.
Private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) has raised its bid for Australia's Treasury Wine Estates (TWE) to A$2.7bn (£1.7bn).
John O'Flynn's injury-time equaliser earned 10-man Crusaders a draw against Coleraine at Mourneview Park.
A group of Norwegian scientists say a painting of a stormy sky in the skies above the Norwegian capital, Oslo, could have been the inspiration for a new type of cloud.
The BBC wants to hear from people who have been affected by cold calls.
Britain's Max Chilton said his team-mate Jules Bianchi was "destined to be a world champion" after winning the Indy Lights race in Iowa.
A mobile game is being used to help dementia research.
The family of a missing airman who went missing a week ago have said he is a "fun guy".
Thousands of workers at Sports Direct have staged a protest against zero-hour contracts.
The Elton John Aids Foundation has offered to fund HIV testing in Lambeth.
"He was a retail novice with a chequered financial background."
Lorry drivers in the UK are using illegal drugs to stay awake at the wheel, the BBC's 5 live Investigates has learned.
The Syrian city of Homs is about to become the latest battleground in the civil war.
The town of Mashkel in Pakistan's Balochistan province was one of the worst hit by the 7.8 magnitude earthquake which struck on Monday.
Thirty-two Shia Muslims have gone on trial in Saudi Arabia accused of spying for Iran.
Scunthorpe United have signed Hull City goalkeeper Ben Watson on a month's loan.
A man has become the first person to paddle the length of the River Mahaweli in India.
The speaker of Australia's House of Representatives, Peter Slipper, has resigned, leaving Prime Minister Julia Gillard's minority government in doubt.
Northern Ireland's biggest city is enjoying a boom in the number of cruise ship visitors.
Video blogger TomSka says he has made more money on YouTube than any other vlogger in the world.
The housing market is "not broken", the chief executive of Redrow has said, despite the government's housing White Paper saying it was.
England winger Ryan Hall says the team must not dwell on their narrow defeat by New Zealand in the Four Nations opener.
The day after Laura Robson won her first tournament in almost two years, the British number two flew back to her home in Florida.
A police officer has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with a child.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Ireland coach Phil Simmons has been offered the job of head coach of the West Indies.
A council has been awarded a £1.7m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to help fund a new visitor centre in Nottinghamshire dedicated to the Civil War.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town striker George Taft on loan until the end of the season.
Scottish 5,000m record holder Kelly McColgan has said Laura Muir is "world class" after her British indoor record was broken.
Five former Argentine military officials have gone on trial in the capital, Buenos Aires.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to win the Ashes despite his side's victory in the first Test in Cardiff.
Plans to transform a Grade II-listed building in Cardiff city centre have been approved.
Geologists have catalogued more than 200 new minerals that have been created by humans over the last few thousand years.
A 16-year-old boy in Malaysia has died after doctors removed a foetus from his body, state news agency Bernama reports.
Scotland will have a record 13 athletes at the World Championships in London next month.
A school in Lancashire will open as normal after claims a pupil was planning a massacre.
Eight women from Melbourne have travelled to Syria to join the Islamic State (IS) militant group, Australian police say.
Mark Stoneman's century for Durham was not enough to save the match as Warwickshire won by eight wickets at Edgbaston.
The UK's credit rating could be protected if it votes to leave the European Union, the ratings agency Moody's has said.
David Warner's presence on the Ashes tour will be a huge boost to Australia's preparations.
Thousands of retired firefighters in Wales are to receive top-ups to their pensions.
The way cancer cells spread has been explained by scientists at the University of York.
British number two Aljaz Bedene will face fourth seed Novak Djokovic in the third round of the French Open.
The US has appointed its first ambassador to Cuba in more than 50 years after the two countries restored diplomatic relations.
League One strugglers Luton Town secured their first win of the season with victory over Bristol City at Kenilworth Road.
The Oculus Rift has been officially launched in the UK.
Imagine for a moment that the world's largest exporter of liquefied natural gas, the world's largest exporter of crude oil and the world's largest importer of food, all ran out of water.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is to hold talks with French Prime Minister Manuel Valls in Paris on Tuesday.
EastEnders has revealed the first new character to join the BBC soap in more than a decade - and it's a "noisy and brash" family with "love in spades".
Farmers in the UK rely on water from rivers and reservoirs to irrigate their land.
The Conservatives have increased their majority on Northamptonshire County Council.
For the past 40 years, Baroness Nuala O'Loan has been in a wheelchair, unable to walk.
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie on two-year deals.
A bus company has gone into administration with the loss of 40 jobs, the latest in a string of firms to collapse in Wales.
A man accused of murdering a woman in a "frenzied attack" has told a court he saw a man hitting her with a hammer.
Championship leaders Brighton suffered their first league defeat of the season as Huddersfield came from behind to win at the John Smith's Stadium.
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife as she slept in their home.
Firearms officers in the Metropolitan Police are "afraid" of being shot, the UK's most senior police officer has said.
A shopping centre in Cumbria has been closed after a fire broke out in a car park.
An MP has apologised for suggesting that type 1 and type 2 diabetes are preventable.
The World War Two drama Suite Francaise, based on the true story of a Jewish author who died in the Auschwitz concentration camp, is opening in the UK this week.
More than 50 firefighters have been tackling a fire at an oil recycling plant in Kent.
Rafael Nadal has confirmed he will play at the Aegon Championships at Queen's Club in June.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after falling from a tanker in rough seas off the Isles of Scilly.
Donald Trump's first visit to the European Union in Brussels has been a chance for European leaders to get to know the US president and to assess his views on the world.
National League side Boreham Wood have signed former Liverpool striker Moha Ngoo on a deal until the end of the season.
Firefighters in Western Australia have warned that a bushfire is heading towards homes in a suburb of Perth.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who took his own life after being suspended from school have said a police sergeant questioned a school manager about the practice.
The number of people opening Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) has fallen to its lowest level in a decade.
The number of cannabis plants seized by police forces in the last year rose to 1.1 million, figures show.
A giant jigsaw puzzle in Norfolk has been sent to Spain after pieces went missing.
A woman has died and an eight-year-old boy has been injured after being hit by a car at a rally in the Highlands.
The future of education in Wales will be discussed in Cardiff on Thursday.
A man who spilt a bottle of milk at a supermarket has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight has won the Scoop of the Year award at the Royal Television Society Awards.
Jewish groups in Croatia have boycotted a ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the opening of the Nazi death camp at Jasenovac.
Everton have signed Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj on a season-long loan deal.
Hearts' plan to raise £6m to fund a new main stand at Tynecastle has been put on hold for two years in the hope of raising a further £3m.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is overweight.
Premiership champions Saracens will face Leicester Tigers in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Harlequins will face Exeter Chiefs.
The mother of a man who saved her life seven years ago has said she is "crippled" by his death.
England Women beat world champions New Zealand 28-14 to win the SheBelieves Cup in Christchurch.
A paraglider pilot who narrowly avoided a mid-air collision with a military transport plane has been praised by a report.
Firefighters are tackling a large wildfire in County Donegal in the Republic of Ireland.
A paedophile who bribed his victims with cash in the Fifa football game has been jailed for 16 years.
When singer Josephine Baker and her band, Oh Wonder, were caught up in the London Underground bombings in July 2015, she broke her nose.
A nursery worker mistook a four-year-old boy's drawing of a cucumber for a terrorist threat.
A mother in the US state of Utah has been arrested after her five-year-old and two-year-old children were found locked in the boot of a car.
Former Respect MP George Galloway has claimed he was attacked on a platform at Aberdeen University.
Hosts Algeria beat Qatar 1-0 in the opening match of the Fifa World Cup qualifiers on Thursday.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says reaching the Europa League group stages would be the biggest achievement of his career.
Thousands of teachers in Wales are to be given more support to improve the quality of teaching.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are "afraid" of winning.
Human body parts have been found at a recycling plant in Bristol.
The final list of candidates to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be announced on Wednesday.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a three-year contract.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) is to launch 26 new neighbourhood policing teams ( s).
NFL safety Troy Polamalu has announced he is to retire at the age of 33.
A man has denied killing a former rugby player in Swansea.
Defending champion Judd Trump will play Stuart Bingham in the final of the World Championship in Sheffield on Sunday.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter City in the EFL Cup.
A £3m revamp of a Denbighshire secondary school is set to go ahead.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte has been told that charges against him have been dropped in relation to the alleged fraudulent takeover of the club.
Tyler Denton's first goal for Leeds United earned them victory at League Two Luton Town.
As former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi prepares to begin a four-year jail sentence for tax fraud, he has been offered the chance to perform voluntary work for charity.
Leyton Orient assistant manager Dave Edwards has been appointed as first-team coach.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for tougher sentences for those who cause death by careless driving.
A man has been assaulted during a robbery at a house in Carrickfergus, County Antrim.
England batsman Jason Roy says he was unaware he was close to the second highest one-day international score.
Ken Owens used to be known as the "super sub" when he came on as a substitute.
Alastair Cook made a half century as Division Two leaders Essex dominated day one against Worcestershire at New Road.
As an al-Qaeda trained terrorist is sentenced in the US for plotting a bomb attack in Manchester, the BBC's Paul Adams looks at how the plot was foiled.
Russia is beginning to reduce its military presence in Syria, the chief of staff of the Russian armed forces has said, with its only aircraft carrier pulled out.
Former champion Rafael Nadal beat German teenager Alexander Zverev in five sets to reach the fourth round of the Australian Open.
A Brazilian fisherman has found a piece of space debris from a UK satellite launch in northern Brazil.
A teenager who planned to behead a soldier has been jailed for 16 years at the Old Bailey.
A woman who posed as a terminal cancer patient to dupe a friend into thinking she was dead has had her jail sentence cut.
Nine people are missing after a building collapsed on the Spanish island of Tenerife in the Canary Islands.
St Johnstone lost to FK Trakai in the first leg of their Europa League first qualifying round tie.
The cost of holidays in the UK has risen by an average of more than 300% in the last five years, and many parents say they are struggling to afford to take their children on holiday this summer.
Prison officers in England and Wales are to be balloted on industrial action over plans to privatise prisons.
Fulham have signed striker Kanu Cyriac from Belgian side Lokeren for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
President-elect Donald Trump has claimed victory in the US election.
Cornelius Gurlitt, the 80-year-old German collector who kept a secret hoard of art looted by the Nazis, has died.
Transport firm Stagecoach has announced it is to buy more than 600 new buses and coaches.
Tony Adams says his time as Granada coach has been a "disaster" after a 2-1 defeat by Espanyol.
A man has died following a three-car crash in Powys.
Work is to start on a new £20m swimming pool in Derby after the city council set aside £20m for the project.
A school has changed its name to avoid being associated with the so-called Islamic State group.
(Closed): Wall Street markets closed higher on Tuesday, lifted by strong gains in consumer stocks and technology shares.
A new smartphone app is helping to diagnose a condition that is often hidden in the shadows.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in south-west London.
Andy Murray has pulled out of his final warm-up event before Wimbledon because of a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing bloc has won the most seats in the country's general election, but the left-wing Social Democrats have lost their parliamentary majority.
A campaign to save Newport's Arthur Machen Library from closure has been launched.
A Glasgow man has broken the world record for the longest continuous bagpipe playing.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a party in north London.
Pregnant women who have recently travelled to areas with a high risk of malaria should seek medical advice, say doctors.
The Green Party has launched its general election campaign in Brighton with a "bold message".
A draft of Labour's general election manifesto has been leaked to the media, with plans to cap energy prices and renationalise the railways.
Leanne Wood, the new leader of Plaid Cymru, has never been one to shy away from controversy.
The UK job market slowed down in May, according to a report, with companies taking time to assess the impact of the general election.
Coventry Blaze ice hockey player Liam Stewart has signed for the Elite League club, and says his dad will be cheering him on.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Conference Premier after failing to pay their football creditors by a 17:00 BST deadline on Tuesday.
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai (Bombay) say a man who was seen walking with a severed head has been arrested.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya last month have been freed, officials say.
A mother has appeared in court charged with murder after her 13-year-old son died in a car fire.
The BBC understands that UN investigators are considering publishing lists of war crimes suspects in Syria.
A Methodist minister tried to hypnotise boys before sexually abusing them, a court has heard.
The parents of a man suspected of travelling to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
The ferry service between Guernsey and the Isle of Man has resumed after repairs were completed on the vessel.
Up to 5,000 new homes could be built in Swansea city centre over the next 20 years.
Thousands of people in the Republic of Ireland have been protesting against rising water bills.
Josh Taylor's trainer Shane McGuigan has hailed the 19-year-old as a "phenomenal talent" and says he will be a world champion within 10 months.
A collection of ochre paint kits found in a cave in South Africa are at least 100,000 years old.
The Republic of Ireland's economy grew by 1.5% in the second quarter of the year and by 7.7% in the year to June, beating expectations.
A busy part of Leeds city centre could be closed to traffic as part of plans to boost the city's transport system.
Abertay University in Dundee has been named the best university in the UK for its postgraduate courses in computer games development in a global survey.
As the dust settles on the Scottish independence referendum campaign of 2014 and the dust settles on the result of the vote, it is worth remembering that the "Yes" campaign was not the only one.
The Foreign Office is investigating reports that a British national has died in Thailand.
Great Britain's women beat Olympic champions Argentina 3-2 in Rio.
Sheffield United midfielder Lucas Piazon (hamstring) is set to return to the starting line-up.
A takeaway where a 15-year-old girl died after eating a curry has been ordered to close.
A grandmother who stole more than £120,000 from a fund for vulnerable children in Newport has been jailed for two years.
A Cardiff-based insurance software firm is creating 30 jobs after winning a series of contracts.
North Korea has carried out a live-fire drill simulating an attack on the South Korean presidential palace, state media say.
Hundreds of people have protested in the Afghan capital, Kabul, against Iran for blocking fuel exports to the country.
A global database of more than 390 species of trees and shrubs has been created to help people choose the right tree for their city.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup.
France's justice minister, Florence Goulard, has resigned ahead of a cabinet reshuffle over a fake jobs scandal.
British comic book artist Steve Dillon has died at the age of 54.
Charley Hoffman and Sergio Garcia share the clubhouse lead at the Masters with Rickie Fowler and Thomas Pieters after two rounds at Augusta.
The mysterious bright spots on the dwarf planet Ceres may be ice.
A van driver has been fined £500 for causing the death of a man in a crash in Alloa.
Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has said three Muslim countries have yet to join the Saudi-led alliance against terrorism.
Leonid Slutsky has resigned as Russia coach after his side were knocked out of Euro 2016.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Ryan Broom has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two club.
Australia batsman David Warner has been banned for the first Ashes Test after pleading guilty to punching England's Joe Root in a pub.
Severn Safari Park has been given planning permission for a water park, a hotel and restaurant.
A 14-year-old Pakistani girl campaigner for girls' education has been shot in the Swat Valley in north-west Pakistan.
Scotland's former top doctor is to lead a review of health and social care targets.
A County Antrim GP who took a £10,000 loan from her patient has been struck off the medical register.
A Bangladesh Islamist party leader has been sentenced to death for atrocities committed during the war of independence from Pakistan in 1971.
Chris Wakely and Matt Keogh hit centuries as Northants took control against Leicestershire at Wantage Road.
A Flintshire man who stopped a terror attack and a Pontypridd man who shielded his partner from bullets have been nominated for bravery awards.
A free film shot in the Welsh valleys has won an international screenwriting award.
Thirteen people have been charged in connection with slavery offences at traveller sites in Lincolnshire.
An Australian man who has been dressing up as Darth Vader and other Star Wars characters for 20 years is a police officer in Melbourne.
A look back at the biggest stories from the 88th Academy Awards.
Rangers have signed midfielder Graham Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
Eleven people have been rescued after their boat ran aground on Lough Neagh.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow.
Police divers are to be deployed to the Forth and Clyde Canal in North Lanarkshire to search for possible remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared 60 years ago.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has agreed to freeze increases in university tuition fees for 2016.
The second series of BBC One's comedy Atlantis has returned, and it's a change from the first.
Cyber Monday has cemented its place as the UK's busiest online shopping day of the year, Visa Europe has said.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has begun its first test of the Martian air.
Hundreds of thousands of primary school pupils in England are finding out if they have been offered a place at one of their preferred schools.
Portraits of some of the UK's most famous faces are to go on display in Hull.
Australia's Scott Hend and England's Tyrrell Hatton will take a two-shot lead into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship.
The owner of a girl who was attacked by a dog has been named by police.
The Danish toy company Lego has donated to Chinese artist Ai Weiwei the bricks he needs to make a work of art.
Former Renault driver Kamui Kobayashi says he misses racing in Formula 1.
Sally Bercow and Ola Jordan are among the celebrities lined up for the second series of BBC One's Winter Olympics show.
Hearts have signed Moroccan defender Amine Rherras and former Republic of Ireland striker Paul Smyth.
Australia's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in, replacing Tony Abbott who was ousted as leader on Monday.
More than half of teenagers check their phones when they should be sleeping, a study suggests.
A Rolls-Royce that was once owned by the 1950s actress Diana Dors has sold for $3m (£2m) at auction in New York.
A man has been jailed for 20 years for attacking his boss with a meat cleaver.
A consultation on a plan to reintroduce Eurasian lynx to parts of the UK has been launched.
The John Lewis department store at Edinburgh's St James Centre has reopened to the public.
Ipswich Town have signed Manchester City defender Emyr Huws on loan until the end of the season and Reading striker George Samuel on loan.
The 17-year-old footballer Zoe Tynan, who has died after being hit by a train, has been described as a "loving and caring" girl who "touched so many people's lives".
A student who hid in a wardrobe during the al-Shabab attack on the DusitD2 college in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, has described her ordeal.
A man who tried to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State has been jailed for more than five years.
US special forces in Iraq have captured a chemical weapons expert from so-called Islamic State (IS) and are questioning him about plans to use mustard gas, reports say.
The shortlist for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2014 will be announced on Monday, 24 November and will appear on the BBC Sports Personality of the Year website.
Fans of Harry Potter have been reacting to the news that the character Hermione Granger will be played by a black actress in the new Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Veteran actor and comedian Christopher Biggins has been removed from the Celebrity Big Brother house for "causing great offence".
Cancer survival rates in Denmark are among the lowest in Europe but the country's health service was concerned about waiting times.
A land mine found on the River Gourock in Inverclyde has been moved to a safe place.
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino wants the World Cup to be played in two consecutive years.
National League relegation-threatened Hereford United have appointed John Eustace as their new manager.
The bells of St Paul's Church in York have been rung for the last time.
Two Grade II-listed buildings in Reading are to be restored by the University of Reading.
Saracens and England number eight Billy Vunipola could return from injury in time for the start of the Six Nations.
The Conwy Valley rail line will be closed for several days due to flooding, Network Rail has said.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing a man to death outside a nightclub.
Manchester United have sacked manager Louis van Gaal.
Forty sperm whales have been found dead on a beach in the Belgian town of Verviers.
Parking problems at a hospital in the West Midlands are being blamed on staff and patients.
The Channel Tunnel operator Eurotunnel has said it is unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers due to delays due to security checks.
A new study by the World Bank has found that the number of women in the workforce in India has fallen by more than 50 million since 2000.
Leicester City midfielder Riyad Mahrez is available after missing the win over West Brom with a hamstring problem picked up on international duty.
A County Antrim Sinn Féin MLA has won a High Court action brought by a 14-year-old girl who claimed he harassed her on Facebook.
A primary school closed after a video was allegedly made about the head teacher is to reopen.
Glasgow Warriors backs coach Conor Murray is confident his side can win the Pro12 title again this season.
A man has died in a crash on the M4 in Oxfordshire.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been banned from driving for 12 months after admitting drink-driving.
French actress Jeanne Lebeau, best known for her roles in World War Two film Casablanca and Federico Fellini's 8 1/2, has died at the age of 93.
Stoke City captain Ryan Shawcross is likely to be out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury.
A run-off will be held in Ecuador's presidential election after no candidate won an outright majority in the first round.
England's one-day team are due to arrive in Dhaka on Friday for the first match of their tour against a Bangladesh XI at Mirpur's Sher-e-Bangla Stadium.
More than 700 emails and passwords belonging to US government employees have been found on the internet, according to security firm Recorded Future.
UK Brexit Secretary David Davis and Scotland's Brexit Minister Mike Russell have agreed to work together to "get the best deal for the whole of the UK".
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hopes his side can learn from their Elite League Challenge Cup experience.
Rebekah Tiler and Zoe Smith have been named in the Great Britain women's weightlifting squad for the European Championships in Norway in April.
Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno is a target for Spanish champions Atletico Madrid, but the Reds will not sell any more players this summer.
The architect of Dundee's Museum of Design has praised the progress of the project a year after work began.
Hundreds of residents of the Italian city of Venice have staged a protest to demand they be allowed to leave the city.
Two men who admitted fly-tipping in Birmingham have been jailed.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) is to undertake a "deep-dive" of Scottish companies with potential to export to China.
Hong Kong pro-democracy activist Yau Wai-yuen is the co-founder of a new political party, Youngspiration, which campaigns against China's "one country, two systems" policy in the territory.
Marcus Rashford scored in extra time as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the semi-finals of the Europa League.
A growing number of African governments are introducing tough laws to tackle cyber crime and other threats to the continent's telecommunications infrastructure.
Voters "lost faith" in established politicians in the EU referendum campaign, a think tank has said.
As the general election campaign gets under way in Wales, the BBC Wales political editor, Mark Drakeford, looks at the key issues facing the Conservatives and Labour in Wales.
Johanna Konta says she can continue to improve after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande on a five-year deal.
Thousands of homes in Leeds have been left without water after a burst pipe.
A Christmas attraction featuring Father Christmas at a West Midlands hotel has been cancelled just days before it was due to open.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is not interested in becoming UKIP Wales MEP.
Ghana's government has scrapped a scheme that required nurses to agree to work in the country for five years.
The brother of a man who was trampled to death by a herd of cows while walking his dog has called for a safer footpath.
Comedian Bill Bailey has said his tour bus was stolen from outside Liverpool's Royal Philharmonic Hall.
Wayne Rooney's decision to sign a new five-and-a-half year contract with Manchester United that will make him one of the highest paid players in the world is a huge boost for the club.
Plymouth Argyle captain Paul Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off final was the biggest moment of his career.
Japanese shares were flat on Monday after strong economic data raised the prospect of more stimulus from the government.
Australia's oil and gas giant Woodside Petroleum has reported a sharp rise in half-year profits, helped by higher prices for its liquefied natural gas (LNG).
If you are a small business owner, you might be feeling a little nervous about your online security.
A new code of practice for the use of police stop and searches in Scotland has been published.
ScotRail has said trains between the Borders and Edinburgh have returned to normal.
The head of the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has defended the number of Welsh rugby union players who have tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs.
Pope Francis has described the mass killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks during World War One as "genocide".
Disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong's interview with the BBC's Dan Roan, in which he admits to taking performance-enhancing drugs during his seven Tour de France victories, has been widely criticised.
Thousands of beakers are being handed out at the Glastonbury Festival this weekend, with festival-goers paying a £5 deposit to get one.
The number of helicopter rescue missions carried out by the Highlands and Islands Air Ambulance (HIAA) has reached 500.
Manchester City Women have accepted a Football Association charge for breaching anti-doping rules.
Romania's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has lost a vote of no confidence in parliament.
Sky has apologised to some of its broadband customers in parts of the UK for slow internet speeds.
Security at the Houses of Parliament is under scrutiny following the terror attack on Wednesday.
Cutting the dosage of a drug used to treat a rare form of leukaemia could prolong the lives of some patients, say doctors.
A British backpacker who was stabbed to death in Australia has died in hospital.
Atletico Madrid defender Luis says Barcelona's players are "afraid" of being eliminated from the Champions League.
The film and video game industry in the US is estimated to be worth more than $100bn (£70bn) a year to the US economy.
Two men have been arrested after drugs with an estimated street value of more than 500,000 euro (£430,000) were seized in Dublin.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's time in the House of Commons has been one of the most colourful in the party's history.
County Longford in the Republic of Ireland's midlands was once dubbed the "land of opportunity" and the "land of opportunity", with the construction of the Celtic Tiger.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
The Scottish government is appealing for survivors of the HMS Lancastria disaster to apply for medals to mark the 75th anniversary of the disaster.
The government has said there is "no green light" for gambling machines in the UK, amid claims they are addictive.
Ethiopians have paid tribute to the country's most successful athlete, who has announced his retirement from the sport.
The Financial Times is one of the world's oldest and most prestigious newspapers - but it is the pink paper's new owner, the Japanese media giant Nikkei, which has just bought the Financial Times
Luis Suarez's appeal against his four-month ban for biting has been rejected by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
Ross County have signed Lithuania midfielder Vykintas Sernas on a deal until the end of the season after a successful trial.
The United States Soccer Federation plans to limit the number of head injuries in youth football in the country.
Shares in broadcaster Sky have jumped after 21st Century Fox said it had made a takeover offer for the 61% of the company it does not already own.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation in South Yorkshire.
A post office worker has been threatened by two men during an armed robbery in Glasgow.
Thousands of teenagers have begun the annual Ten Tors challenge on Dartmoor.
The £1.1bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loans portfolio to Cerberus and Fortress Investment Group in 2011 is at the centre of a criminal investigation.
Family and friends have been paying tribute to two men who died after getting into difficulty in the River Teifi.
A teacher at a Catholic school has been suspended over allegations of historical sexual abuse.
Former Newcastle United player Papiss Cisse said Cheick Tiote was "like a brother" at his funeral in China.
(Close): Asian shares traded lower on the last trading day of the year as commodity prices fell and Greece's political crisis deepened.
Canadian smartphone maker Blackberry has reported a return to profit for the first three months of the year, despite the launch of its new Z10 handset.
Aberdeen-based oil services firm Proserv has won two new contracts worth a total of £27m in the North Sea.
Teachers' salaries in England and Wales will need to rise significantly in the future, the Schools Teachers Review Body (STRB) has warned.
Polling stations have closed across the EU for the election of the 736 members of the European Parliament.
Mae Llywodraeth Prydain wedi cynllun i'r cynllun i'r amgylchedd newydd o yn Naturni adnewyddol yn Abertawe yn cynnig gwerth am arian, yn l
The mayor of Liverpool has said he will not hold a referendum on a council tax rise after a public consultation.
The United Nations has called on the US to suspend its policy of diverting food crops to make biofuel.
The shape of a glass does not affect the time it takes to finish a pint of beer, a study suggests.
AFC Fylde have signed defender Ben Cole on a two-year deal after the expiry of his contract, but left-back Andy Dugdale has left the club.
Video game crowdfunding site Kickstarter has been taken over by a scam.
Prosecutors have rested their case in the trial of the man accused of the Boston Marathon bombings, as the defence begins its case.
The end of the 48-hour strike by NHS staff in the UK and Northern Ireland has been declared a success.
A gay man in the US state of Mississippi is suing a funeral home for refusing to transport his uncle's body after he died, claiming the mortuary was homophobic.
Caves in Nottingham are to be opened to the public in a virtual reality tour.
An inquest into the death of a toddler who was accidentally left in a hot car by his mother in Australia has heard she suffered a memory lapse.
A gene that regulates the body's immune system has been found to slow the spread of cancer, UK scientists say.
Former England all-rounder Katherine Brunt was run out in the final over as Perth Scorchers lost to Western Thunder in the semi-finals of the Women's Big Bash League.
The results of the Scottish council elections are dominating the front pages, with the SNP claiming victory.
An MP has launched a campaign to save the childhood home of the photographer, Elizabeth Bell.
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking asylum in the UK because he believes he is a threat to President Vladimir Putin.
Fire safety tests on cladding on high-rise buildings in England have failed all but one, the prime minister has said.
North Korea says it has developed a hangover-killing spirit to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the country's founding.
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards says his side are better than their start to the Premiership season suggests.
The parents of a six-year-old boy who was left on a school bus in Powys have been told to make a formal complaint to the council.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of misleading the public on the impact of the Paris climate agreement.
A soldier who died on an SAS selection march had collapsed 100 yards from the finish line, an inquest has heard.
Google is seeking to develop a blood test that could diagnose cancer.
Ghana coach Avram Grant has urged fans to stop criticising his players.
Mansfield Town have signed Morecambe defender Carl Edwards on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A care worker who stole £30,000 from a disabled man to fund a "lavish lifestyle" has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says he has "overwhelming" support for his plan to expand the World Cup to 48 teams.
The sister of murdered teenager Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest she felt the police investigation into her sister's disappearance was mishandled.
Millions of older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and going to the toilet, a review has found.
A 47 year old woman has been found guilty of murdering a man by stabbing him to death in the street in Aberdeen.
At least 40 members of Yemen's special forces have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition targeting their headquarters in the capital, Sanaa, officials say.
The Irish parliament has passed a motion calling on the Irish police commissioner, Nirn Frazer, to cancel a march by the Orange Order in Dublin on Friday.
Jonathan Rea clinched his first World Superbike title after finishing third in the final race of the season in Qatar.
The US military has condemned the Afghan government's plan to release 37 of its "most dangerous" prisoners.
Ben Affleck has won the top prize at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) awards for his Cold War thriller Argo.
Nigeria's military says it has begun "clearance operations" against militants in the north-east.
Sports columnist Peter Corrigan has died at the age of 74.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed.
Britain's Tom Latham won bronze in the men's sprint at the Track Cycling World Championships.
Wales Under-20s have named their squad for the 2017 British and Irish Cup.
Sheridan Richardson and Anne-Marie Fleming are to star in a new TV remake of the classic novel Tilling.
Joseph Clark was a school teacher from Liverpool who travelled to the match by car with his friends, who all survived.
A teenager has admitted brandishing a machete at a taxi driver in a bid to steal his fare.
Substitute Fara Taylor's late winner gave England their 10th successive win as they beat the Netherlands in a Euro 2017 warm-up.
Bath have signed Newport Gwent Dragons fly-half Jonny Evans.
British sailor Alex Thomson has extended his lead in the Vendee Globe round the world race.
The New South Wales (NSW) state parliament has passed a motion calling US presidential candidate Donald Trump a "revolting slug".
Sir Steve Redgrave and Chris Hoy will be part of the BBC's coverage of the Rio 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
The owner of a 17,000-tonne oil rig that ran aground in the Western Isles last year has paid the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) £180,000.
As thousands of lorry drivers return to the M20 in Kent after being stuck for days in Operation Stack, the BBC News website looks at how the system works and what can be done about it.
A man who was shot in the head in Rhondda Cynon Taff has died.
Kraigg Brathwaite hit a six off the final ball as the West Indies beat England by four wickets to win the World Twenty20.
Dirk Coetzee, South Africa's most notorious apartheid-era spy, has died at the age of 86.
Hillsborough match commander David Duckenfield and five others have been charged with manslaughter over the 1989 disaster.
Some of the finds made during the construction of the Inverness West Link have been put on display at a school.
In the centre of the German city of Mainz, in the centre of the city's old town, the square in front of the cathedral is a hive of activity.
The Workers Party has complained to the BBC about the amount of airtime it was allocated in the general election campaign.
Footage has emerged of boxer Floyd Mayweather's tour van being set on fire outside a hotel.
A seven-year-old girl has been injured after a vapouriser used in the Harry Potter ride at a Florida theme park exploded.
A man has died after a tree surgeon was hit by a chainsaw outside a south London primary school.
The number of people in the world who are blind or visually impaired is set to soar, say researchers.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says his side's 1-0 friendly win over Poland on Wednesday gave his players confidence.
A man who pointed a fake gun at two primary schools in West Sussex has been jailed for eight weeks.
Poles living in the UK are marking All Saints Day by cleaning up and lighting candles at the graves of their ancestors.
New rules on the way broadband providers advertise their prices have come into force.
A Post Office worker suffered a serious head injury during an attempted robbery in Galashiels.
A business lobby group has warned that the failure to devolve corporation tax to Northern Ireland could lead to thousands of jobs being lost.
A section of a cliff in Bournemouth has collapsed after heavy rain.
Millwall striker Lee Barnard has signed a new two-year contract with the League One club.
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK hours before he was due to be released from prison.
The Conservatives have won all eight seats in Dorset in the general election.
Dundee City Council has approved a budget which will see council tax frozen in the city.
The case of Liam Fee, who was murdered by his father Stephen Fees in Fife, has led to a review of the actions of social services in the area.
US President Donald Trump has signed a temporary ban on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen entering the US.
Dual nationals who engage in terrorism will lose their Australian citizenship under new laws announced by the government.
Soldiers who staged a sit-in protest in front of their commanding officers have been sentenced at a court martial.
A man has been left "scarred for life" after an unprovoked attack in a Glasgow pub.
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced he is releasing his first album as a rapper.
Britain's Andy Murray and Dan Evans reached the fourth round of the Australian Open with straight-set victories on Friday - the first British men to reach the last 16 of a Grand Slam since 2002.
Former Minnesota Vikings captain Jared Allen has announced his retirement from the NFL.
League One side Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Lewis Dunkley.
The world’s oceans need to be governed by international agreements, the UN says.
The final report into the fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash is to be published.
Former DUP minister Jonathan Bell has claimed he was suspended from the party for "telling the truth" about the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme because of DUP advisers' "extensive interests in the poultry industry".
A review of the impact of the closure of Police Scotland's control room in Dumfries has found public satisfaction with the new service is "consistently above 90%".
Transport Scotland officials have held talks about extending the Borders Railway.
A legal challenge to plans to install cables to a wind farm in Conwy county has been heard at the High Court.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is as good as Leicester's Jamie Vardy or Tottenham's Harry Kane.
Sculptures of the Lake District's "herdwick sheep" have been a hit with visitors.
Captain Gary Cahill says England's 1-0 defeat by Spain flattered the hosts.
A rare gold pendant made from a copy of a Byzantine coin has been found in Norfolk.
UKIP's biggest donor has claimed he has been suspended from the party because of his criticism of its leadership.
Motorists and cyclists are being asked for their views on plans to improve a busy road in Cardiff.
A father and daughter have made cricket history in County Londonderry.
Victims of sexual and physical abuse at a children's home in Halifax have staged a protest at the council.
The car used in the murder of a man in the Republic of Ireland was stolen last year, Irish police have said.
"Zombie caterpillars" have been found on a Lancashire nature reserve.
A "predatory and ruthless" paedophile has been jailed for 16 years for raping and sexually assaulting young girls.
Relegation-threatened Bolton Wanderers slipped to the bottom of the Championship with defeat at Brentford.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has appealed for the owner of a car seen in the town to come forward.
Alex Davies and Kyle Jarvis shared a ninth-wicket stand of 138 to help Lancashire fight back on day three against Derbyshire at Derby.
brothers Jordan and Andre Ayew scored penalties as Ghana beat DR Congo 2-1 to reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
Fifteen Aston Villa and Leicester City football fans have been arrested after a fight broke out ahead of the Premier League match.
As the 70th anniversary of the bombing of Manchester city centre by the Luftwaffe in World War Two is marked, BBC News looks back at the impact of the raids on the city.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Castleford ended their Super League season with victory over Widnes.
Sony Pictures Entertainment has been hit by a massive hack attack on its computer system.
A man who killed a woman in a Caerphilly county pub had previously threatened to kill a police officer, an inquest has heard.
People with a chronic illness in Wales are least likely to learn to live with their symptoms, according to researchers in Edinburgh.
The six Russian cross-country skiers banned for doping at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics can return to competition, says the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
The Clydesdale Bank is set to set aside a further £500m to compensate customers mis-sold payment protection insurance and interest rate hedging products.
A zebra that escaped from a stable in Japan has drowned in a lake at a golf course.
Firefighters have been tackling a fire at a derelict former hospital in Edinburgh.
French President Francois Hollande has visited the site of the Bataclan theatre in Paris where 130 people were killed by Islamist extremists.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers Nigeria's plan to introduce a lie detector test for police officers.
A rare annotated copy of Mein Kampf signed by Adolf Hitler is to be sold at auction.
Human footprints have been discovered on a Ceredigion beach in what is believed to be the first time evidence of human habitation has been found in the UK.
A former executive of Brazil's state-run oil company Petrobras has given the names of dozens of politicians he says were involved in a kickback scheme.
League One side Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper Paul Rachubka on a one-year deal.
The UK is to build a new prison in Jamaica as part of a plan to deport hundreds of Jamaicans jailed in the UK.
Hackers who stole $81m (£57m) from Bangladesh's central bank's account at the US Federal Reserve were able to do so because the bank's network was not secure.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season.
On a recent afternoon in Glasgow, Rangers goalkeeper Ben Foster was sitting in a restaurant in the city centre when a man walked up to him.
Work has begun on a major expansion of a company in Angus.
I'm ready for my first-round match at Wimbledon on Monday against Liam Broady, and I know he's going to be nervous.
Three universities in England are advertising tuition fees above the £9,000 upper limit set by the government.
A man has been charged with manslaughter after a man died following an incident in a pub.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael ei cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn Ebwy yn l cwmni cynllun yn cael ei gyrraedd yn "ymddangos"
Huddersfield Town moved into the Championship play-off places with a convincing victory over Norwich City at the John Smith's Stadium.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero's absence from Manchester City's starting line-up for Sunday's derby will be "difficult".
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says he will "move with the times" when he takes charge of his 1,000th Premier League game at Stoke on Saturday.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from Test cricket.
Celtic could be without two of their top forwards for Thursday's Champions League qualifier against Rosenborg.
Dumfries and Galloway Council's investment in major festivals and events has helped to boost the region's economy, a report has found.
Levels of violence at a prison where two inmates died last year are "very high", inspectors have said.
Rory Best says it would be a huge honour to succeed Paul O'Connell as Ireland captain.
Chainsaw carvers from around the world are descending on a Scottish Borders village for the World Chainsaw Carving Championships.
A national body representing imams in the UK is calling for all madrassa teachers in the country to be qualified.
The Tory leadership contest between Michael Gove and Boris Johnson has been likened to the drama of Harold Pinter's play The Miser.
The UK's energy regulator has said it is "disappointing" that millions of customers are still on standard variable tariffs.
DJ Calvin Harris has been announced as the headline act at this year's V Festival.
Northampton Saints prop Josh Brookes has been banned for two weeks for striking an opponent during their defeat by Newcastle Falcons on Saturday.
The "richest part of the country" must find properties to re-house residents of Grenfell Tower, Jeremy Corbyn has said.
The value of the virtual currency Bitcoin has fallen by more than 50% in the past week, after a key developer quit the project.
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in Lancashire.
A team of girls from Iran who were told they couldn't go to a robotics competition in the US because of visa problems have won a medal.
Ospreys moved to the top of the Pro12 with a convincing bonus-point win over Treviso at Liberty Stadium.
A yellow "be aware" warning of ice for parts of Scotland has been issued for Christmas Day and Boxing Day.
Sir Elton John has postponed tour dates after being diagnosed with an abscess in his appendix.
The row between Apple and the FBI over access to the iPhone used by San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook has focused attention on the technology behind encryption.
One of the big banks in the City, Deutsche Bank, has made a pretty gloomy assessment of the election campaign.
US manufacturing growth slowed in June, a survey has indicated, while construction spending rose in May.
Photographs by Hugh Kinsella Cunningham.
At the Chalcots Leisure Centre in Camden, north London, the gym is bustling with activity.
EastEnders is about to tell the story of Alex, a homeless teenager in the soap.
Irish airline Aer Lingus is to end its flights between Dublin and Faro in Portugal.
An explosion in the Turkish city of Diyarbakir has collapsed part of a building in the centre of the city.
The world's oldest supermodel, Naomi Campbell, has died at the age of 90.
Two 15-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a teenager who was stabbed to death in east London on Saturday.
Portadown take on Ballinamallard United in the Irish Premiership game at Mourneview Park on Saturday.
In the conflict in Ukraine's east, pro-Russian and pro-Ukrainian hackers are engaged in a war of attrition against each other.
A man who tried to smuggle CS gas canisters, knives and knuckledusters through Edinburgh Airport has been jailed for eight months.
Tata Steel is expected to announce the sale of its loss-making steelworks in Scunthorpe later.
American Phil Mickelson missed a chance to shoot the lowest round in Open Championship history at Royal Troon as he carded a nine-under-par 63 in the first round.
The transport system in London is back up and running for the Olympic Games.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell, but shares in Dixons Carphone rose after the mobile phone retailer reported better-than-expected profits.
Assaults on prison staff in England and Wales have risen, while the number of suicides in jails has increased, figures show.
Landowners and farmers have been given guidance on how to deal with dog walkers who cause problems on their land.
A rock star is heading to the US to encourage Americans to sign up as bone marrow donors.
The first of the Welsh Government's five-year spending plans will be published on Wednesday - but what will it be about?
A lorry has crashed into a house at a railway level crossing.
Alex Corbisiero has been called up to replace injured prop Cian Healy on the British and Irish Lions tour of Australia.
Malaysia's state investment fund, 1MDB, has been at the centre of a financial scandal that has seen billions of dollars disappear from the country's bank accounts.
Councillors have approved plans to build more than 500 new homes in the Govanhill area of Glasgow.
The oil price has fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade as a global supply glut continues to weigh on prices.
A flagship scheme to create jobs for young people in Wales has been temporarily closed.
Thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Belfast in support of women's rights in the wake of US President Donald Trump's inauguration.
Two men have been arrested after a 22-year-old man was stabbed to death.
MSPs are to hold an inquiry into the gender pay gap in Scotland.
A 92-year-old woman was kept in an A&E department for eight hours without any food or drink.
The European Parliament says French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen's National Front (FN) party may have defrauded it of up to 1.5m (£1.2m; $1.6m).
Non-EU migrants will have to earn at least £35,000 a year to win the right to settle in the UK, under plans announced by the government.
For the 10 years running, the Royal Yacht Britannia has been Scotland's best visitor attraction.
Drivers on London Underground (LU) are to be balloted for strike action in a dispute over Night Tube rosters, the train drivers' union Aslef has said.
A Pembrokeshire fort is to open its doors to the public for the first time in 120 years.
About 20 homes in Wrexham have been flooded after heavy rain caused rivers to burst their banks.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been charged with fraud and breach of trust in a Jerusalem real estate case.
EU leaders have said they will press ahead with a plan to tackle the migrant crisis after a summit in Brussels.
The UK has warned its citizens against travelling to North Carolina and Mississippi because of laws that discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally says the club's plans to build a new stadium could take them to the "thrilling heights" of the Premier League.
Police are treating the death of a man in Paisley as suspicious.
Ipswich Town beat Derby County to secure their first win of the season and move out of the Championship's bottom three.
The best way to get a piece of paper into a wastebasket is to throw the ball slowly, a study suggests.
Warwickshire fast bowler James Thornton has signed a new three-year contract with the Bears, keeping him at Edgbaston until the end of the 2019 season.
Vote Leave, the campaign for the UK to leave the EU, are offering a £50m prize to anyone who correctly predicts the results of the Euro 2016 football championships.
The Met Office has issued a warning of snow and ice across parts of Scotland.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon expects most of his squad to stay at the club next season.
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb has ruled himself out of succeeding Sepp Blatter as president of world football's governing body.
It's well known that one in five new fathers suffers from postnatal depression.
Former darts world champion Eric Bristow has been dropped by Sky Sports after comments he made about victims of child sex abuse in football.
A man and woman have been charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed to death in a street.
The BBC is to launch a "ideas service" to bring together the "best" from the UK's cultural institutions.
The Home Depot has reported a surge in sales, helped by a strong US housing market and a warm winter.
National League side Gateshead have signed Rochdale strikeryal Bell on a two-year deal.
Nine people have gone on trial in Turkey over a mine disaster in which 301 people died, in the country's worst mining accident.
The Iraqi city of Mosul will fall to so-called Islamic State (IS) soon, the RAF has said.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares beat Marcelo Melo and Ivan Dodig 6-3 6-2 to reach the final of the Monte Carlo Masters.
A 25-year-old man has appeared in court charged over a suspicious device found at a London Tube station.
A court in India has sentenced seven policemen to life in prison for killing 19 Sikh men in a fake encounter in the 1990s.
A former head teacher of a Chinese school in the UK has urged China to emulate England's 12-hour school day.
The government is considering giving employees a role on company remuneration committees to help curb excessive executive pay, the BBC understands.
The new owner of one of Scotland's last remaining shipyards on the River Clyde has said it could employ up to 1,300 people within five years.
The sister of a teenage girl who was raped and murdered in Manchester 45 years ago is to appeal on the BBC's Crimewatch programme.
The family of a teenage girl who died in a crash have said their "hearts have been utterly broken" by her death.
The chairman of Guernsey's Department of Housing and Social Care has resigned.
Chelsea have appointed Guus Hiddink as interim manager until the end of the season, following the sacking of Jose Mourinho.
British pair Naomi Broady and Heather Watson lost 6-3 6-2 to Chan Yung-jan and Chan Yung-jan in the final of the Shenzhen Open.
Australia thrashed defending champions New Zealand to win the Four Nations at Anfield.
A new surf lagoon attraction in Snowdonia has been forced to close for the winter due to a serious fault.
Campaigners are calling for a Grade II-listed mill tower destroyed in a fire to be saved.
The next vice chancellor of Oxford University has said education is the best antidote to violent extremism.
Boyhood has been named film of the year by the New York Film Critics Circle.
Three senior Dumfries and Galloway Council staff are to leave the council.
World number one Lydia Ko hit a four-under-par 68 to move to one under par at the US Women's Open.
Joe Garner, the head of BT's Openreach business, is to leave to become chief executive of the Nationwide Building Society.
Kilmarnock have signed left-back Callum Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee.
Governors have objected to plans to merge two schools in Gwynedd.
A " dominating bully" has been jailed for life for smuggling guns and ammunition into the UK.
The New Horizons spacecraft has begun its final preparations for its historic flyby of Pluto.
Wasps have signed England fly-half Danny Cipriani from Sale Sharks for next season.
The UK's first new nuclear power plant in 20 years has been delayed after the government said it was reviewing the plan.
Grimsby Town came from 2-0 down to beat Aldershot Town in the National League.
McDonald's is rationing fries in Japan.
Former Wales centre Jamie Roberts will play for Cambridge in the Varsity match against Oxford on Saturday.
Convicted sex offenders in England and Wales could face jail terms of up to 20 years if new guidelines for sentencing are adopted.
Wigan Athletic have signed striker Nick Powell from Manchester United on a three-year deal.
Austria's new chancellor has said he is open to working with the far-right Freedom Party.
When Jordan Spieth was a 12-year-old amateur at the Masters in 1999, his father, Michael, offered his son a pair of golf clubs for the price of one.
Millions of people in the UK have until midnight to pay their tax bills and renew their tax credits.
Northampton Town boss Chris Wilder is in talks with Bolton Wanderers, reports BBC Radio Northampton.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Craig Johnston says his team will have to start winning if they want to climb the Elite League table.
The world's largest container ship has arrived at a port in Suffolk.
Glamorgan bowled out Gloucestershire for 220 on day one of the County Championship game at Cardiff.
Government plans to divert money raised from the sugar tax towards schools are "perverse and counterproductive", councils have warned.
Land Rover has unveiled the first images of the next generation of its iconic Defender 4x4 vehicle.
Southampton defender Virgil van Dijk is not for sale, manager Claude Puel has said.
Dulux paint owner Akzo Nobel has again rejected a takeover bid from US rival PPG Industries.
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness 14-0 in the Scottish Women's Premier League Cup first round.
Millions of people in war-torn Yemen are facing "desperate" shortages of food, fuel and medicine, the Red Cross has warned.
United Airlines has announced it is suspending its daily service between Belfast International Airport and Newark, New Jersey.
South Africa coach Ephraim 'Shakes' Mashaba has blamed the team for their poor form in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers.
The Russian government has launched its own version of the English-language online encyclopaedia Wikipedia.
In the summer of 2015, Carl Fearon was a sprinter on the brink of failure.
Kris Boyd says Scottish clubs should not play matches in the United States.
A school has paid tribute to two cousins who died when they were hit by a car in Oldham on Monday.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have re-signed Southampton midfielder Jordy Gape on loan until the end of the season.
An eight-year-old boy who completed a triathlon unaided has been honoured at the Yorkshire Awards.
Global media coverage of climate change has dropped by more than a third in the last decade.
Former England winger David Ginola has announced he will challenge Sepp Blatter for the Fifa presidency in February.
Reanne Evans will face former world champion Graeme Dott in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship at the Crucible Theatre.
It's not often you get the chance to play against some of the biggest names in English cricket.
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte is confident his players will be fit for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon, despite injury concerns.
A man died after he was set on fire by a Taser fired by a police officer, an inquest has heard.
The RMT union has accused Southern rail of threatening to pull out of a deal to end a long-running dispute over driver-only trains, ahead of further strikes.
The US state of California has declared a state of emergency in two counties as wildfires rage across the state.
Southport have sacked manager Steve Burr and assistant Tony Watson.
A US woman who was found three weeks after she was abducted had a message branded on her skin, a sheriff has said.
Campaigners have vowed to save a 100-year-old public swimming baths in Reading from closure.
Dapper Laughs, a comet landing, a tiger on the loose in Paris... and more!
The family of a police officer who died after being hit by a bus in Swansea have said they are "devastated" by the "tragic accident".
Canada's Adam Hadwin won his first PGA Tour title at the CareerBuilder Challenge in La Quinta, California.
The SDLP has urged a dissident republican community in north Belfast to reconsider a planned protest parade.
A tree planted by suffragettes in Glasgow in 1909 has been named Scottish Tree of the Year.
World champion Alan Irvine has announced his retirement from cycling after missing out on a place at the Rio Olympics.
Ashley Young says he hopes his form under Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal can earn him a recall to the England squad for the World Cup qualifiers.
The controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has begun generating electricity.
A coroner has called for a review of patient safety at weekends after the death of a grandmother.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy has said there are "question marks" over the officiating of their Pro12 defeat by Munster at Thomond Park.
Safety measures at the UK's largest nuclear refitting plant have been extended for another year.
Police have said a 54-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman in Dumfries.
A boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two 10-year-old girls in a playground.
Birmingham City's Kazenga Adams has had his three-game ban for violent conduct against Derby County overturned.
The "tragic events" that led to the deaths of a mother and her seven-year-old son are "most likely" not a murder-suicide.
Allowing dogs and other animals on hospital wards could help patients, says the Royal College of Nursing (RCN).
Eating disorders charity Beat is calling for stricter controls on the sale of laxatives to stop young people abusing them.
In an exclusive interview with the BBC's political editor Laura Kuenssberg, the government's top trade minister has said that the UK wants a free trade deal with the European Union after Brexit.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing to investigate the movements of one of the three men who carried out the London Bridge attack.
Teachers' pay and conditions will be devolved to the assembly, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has announced.
Three teenagers have been injured after a car crashed off a road in Dundee.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
The number of Syrian refugees in Wales has more than doubled in the past three months, to 53.
Britain's Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis- Hill is taking part in a series of walking and running events to promote healthy living.
A man has died after a car collided with a military tank during a Nato exercise in Norway, officials say.
In the aftermath of Friday's attack on the Shaga mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano, the mood of shock and anger is palpable.
An Italian court has seized more than 1bn (£800m; $1bn) of assets belonging to a convicted slot machine fraudster.
Two German men have been sentenced to three months in jail and caning in Singapore for vandalising a train.
A project to protect the landscape of the Snowdonia mountains has been given initial funding.
North Korea has condemned the US missile strike on a Syrian airbase, state media say.
The Belfast Giants have announced that the club's all-time leading goalscorer, Colin Shields, will play his final game for the club in a charity match.
A British former soldier who was arrested in Turkey during the state of emergency is being held on terror charges, his lawyer has told the BBC.
A memorial service has been held to protest against plans to dig up a burial ground for the HS2 high-speed rail line.
Kent all-rounder Darren Stevens hit an unbeaten 141 to help his side take control against Division Two leaders Essex on day two.
The leader of the Lebanese Shia militant group Hezbollah has said the group is fighting in Syria.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said a second Scottish independence referendum is likely to be in the autumn of 2018.
A fire at a recycling centre in East Yorkshire is still burning.
A suspected unexploded bomb has been found in a park.
Police officers in mid and west Wales are to be given body-worn cameras.
Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days for Comic Relief and Sport Relief in South Africa.
Former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson believes Scott Allan could handle a move to Celtic.
A 25-year-old woman has died in police custody in Lancashire.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt says his side were "desperate not to be" in their defeat by Argentina.
The father of a seven-year-old Japanese boy who was left alone for seven days has apologised to his son and said he forgives him.
A drink driver who drove home after a night out in a pub has been ordered to carry out 60 hours of unpaid work.
A legal claim for almost £1m has been dismissed in a dispute over a former Denbighshire hospital.
Israeli police are investigating a video that appears to show a police officer beating a Palestinian lorry driver.
Former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says midfielder Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in England.
An employment agency's job advert for a woman with "b-c cup" hair has been branded sexist.
More than half of Christians in England do not believe in the death and resurrection of Jesus, a Church of England survey has found.
The unmarked graves of four girls who died when a World War One shell exploded at a cottage in Wrexham have been found.
The daughter of the late Labour peer Lord Janner has said the inquiry into historical child sex abuse allegations against him is an "absolute outrage".
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump is facing criticism for his campaign's "culture of violence" at his campaign rallies.
People who read tabloid newspapers as children make less progress in their language as adults, a study suggests.
Newly-promoted National League side Braintree Town have signed Grimsby Town midfielder James Gray on a two-year deal under new manager Darren Davis.
Lots of you have been using #DogsAtPollingStations to share pictures of your pets going to the polls to vote in the general election.
Scottish Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Aid workers in Vanuatu have begun to assess the damage caused by Cyclone Pam.
A woman has died after being dragged by the neck through a town in northern Germany.
Goals from Tom Roberts and Matt Fletcher earned Barnsley victory over League One play-off hopefuls Coventry City.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's recent goal drought is not down to a lack of confidence in front of goal.
In the summer of 1942, Mahatma Gandhi was in the western Indian state of Gujarat.
A man has been arrested in connection with two sexual assaults at a block of flats in Edinburgh.
Calls have been made for a meeting after a Torfaen call centre collapsed with the loss of dozens of jobs.
A mayor who resigned over his support for a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape has been urged to quit as a councillor.
Jason Dufner eagled the final hole to take a one-shot lead over fellow American Matt Kuchar after the second round of the PGA Championship at Oak Hill.
A council has been criticised for banning cyclists from a market place during the Tour of Britain race.
Three Syrian men who helped capture a suspected so-called Islamic State (IS) militant in Germany are being hailed as heroes.
Working-age households in the UK are at risk of being less wealthy than those born a decade earlier, a report has said.
Spain's centre-left Socialist (PSOE) and the left-wing anti-austerity party Podemos (We Can) have entered the final day of campaigning for the general election.
Liverpool have signed Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for £32.5m.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station.
BP's results for the third quarter of 2015 show that the company's chief executive, Bob Dudley, is still very much in charge.
More than 60 pupils have been sent home from a school in Cardiff for not meeting new uniform rules.
Indian boxer MC Mary Kom has welcomed Bollywood director Sanjay Leela Bhansali's plan to make a film on her life.
The new bridge over the Firth of Forth could open to traffic in May 2017.
Parents have launched a campaign against plans to ban smacking children in Wales.
The village of Wukan in south China's Guangdong province is on the verge of becoming the scene of one of the biggest anti-government protests in years.
The greatest election campaign of all time?
A washing machine manufacturer in County Durham has opened a £3m production line.
US President Barack Obama has criticised David Cameron's handling of the Libya intervention.
The prosecution service has told the Court of Appeal in Belfast it withheld evidence from the defence in the case of a former IRA man convicted of a weapons offence after a secret MI5 recording of a police shooting.
North Korea has said a US man sentenced to 15 years of hard labour for "hostile acts" was a Christian missionary.
Kilmarnock have signed midfielder Dom Thomas from Motherwell for an undisclosed fee.
Leigh Centurions ended their first season back in Super League with a convincing win over Salford Red Devils.
Actress Jaime Winstone is to replace Sam Spiro as Dame Barbara Windsor in a BBC One biopic about her life.
Gunfire has been heard in Ivory Coast's second city of Bouaké, a day after soldiers mutinied over pay.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill to repeal a tax on women's sanitary products.
The UK is "turning a corner", Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech in London.
Arriving at the summit of the EU in Brussels can be a brutal experience.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the 2016 assembly election.
Plans to build a new school on a former landfill site in Sheffield have been approved.
Scottish pig farmers have warned that they are losing money as the price of the product continues to fall.
At one end of the luxury goods spectrum, there are people who make goods a little better, and more expensively.
Six men who stole more than £1m worth of copper from railway lines have been jailed.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to 30 days in jail for throwing eggs at his neighbour's home last year.
The number of children with disabilities in Scotland's schools has increased dramatically in recent years.
Former St Helens assistant coach Keiron Cunningham has joined Championship side Leigh Centurions as a consultant.
Songwriter Rod Temperton, who co-wrote Michael Jackson's Rock With You and Thriller, has died.
England's Sarah Taylor is to take a break from international cricket to play in the inaugural Super League in New Zealand.
Kenneth Zohore's late winner gave Cardiff City victory at Burton Albion in the Championship.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by careless driving after a pedestrian was hit by a bus.
Stars of the Star Wars franchise have sent their support to actress Carrie Fisher, who is in intensive care after suffering a heart attack.
Average speed cameras are to be introduced on parts of Scotland's busiest motorways as part of a £1bn project to upgrade them.
England's Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten 91 as the third day of the fourth and final Test against South Africa at Old Trafford continued to dominate.
A new football league for amputees in Scotland is hoping to spread the sport across the country.
The deaths of three Scottish soldiers killed by a bomb in Afghanistan were an accident, an inquest has concluded.
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says the wait for a new deal between the Welsh Rugby Union and the four Welsh regions has been "not ideal".
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don has warned of a "dilution" in the quality of garden plants sold in supermarkets.
A diver has been rescued after getting into difficulty in the sea off Oban.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has told the court he stood up to help his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, after he shot her.
An annual rite of passage for thousands of Israeli high school students - a trip to the Auschwitz death camp - is under investigation in Israel.
Bradford came from behind to earn a 1-1 draw with Oldham at Valley Parade.
Former Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder has signed for French Ligue 1 side Nice.
Dover secured their National League status with victory over Chester at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
Hundreds of people have attended a rally in Falmouth against plans for student accommodation in the town.
Traffic management measures are to be introduced on parts of the M8 motorway upgrade project as work begins.
Heroin addicts in Wrexham could be offered a safe place to inject under plans being considered by police.
Ed Miliband has told a rally in Glasgow that a Labour government would not do a deal with the SNP.
The number of weddings in Gretna last year was down on the previous year.
A mother who went missing with her three-year-old son in a custody battle has been told to contact the police.
A second consultation on the future of Welsh medium schools in Haverfordwest has been approved by Pembrokeshire council.
The NHS in England is one of the best in the world, but some people say it's not good enough.
A Cardiff boy who was mauled by a Staffordshire bull terrier has been awarded £50,000 in damages.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue.
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015, according to the UK's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax.
A 200-year-old flag believed to have flown at the Battle of Trafalgar is to be sold by a Ceredigion man.
A British man has been jailed for three years in the United Arab Emirates for possessing cocaine in a car in Dubai.
A former IRA man's tapes of interviews he gave to US researchers in the 1980s are to be handed over to police.
Russian weightlifter Anton Artykov has been stripped of his bronze medal at the Rio Olympics after failing a drugs test.
Nottingham Forest's Michail Antonio scored twice to earn a point at second-placed Watford in the Championship.
It is "more important than ever" to spread the message of unity at Christmas, the first minister has said in his Christmas message.
The PGA Tour's lack of anti-doping compliance could threaten golf's future at the Olympics.
"I'm Rachel".
Footage has been released of the police raid on the Lindt Cafe in Sydney, Australia, in which two police officers and a hostage were killed.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates have been sold.
Salford Red Devils have signed Samoa international forward Tyrone McCarthy from St Helens.
A 23-year-old man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a factory in Lincoln.
Syria has submitted a declaration to the international mission overseeing the destruction of its chemical weapons programme, inspectors say.
A treatment that corrects the underlying cause of cystic fibrosis has shown promise, say doctors.
The owners of a bookshop have launched an appeal to raise £50,000 to fix structural problems.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed Asda's decision to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland.
The government has been defeated in the House of Lords over plans to give English MPs a veto over laws affecting England.
A man who posted "grotesque" comments about a Sikh boy who was murdered by his mother on Facebook has been jailed for six months.
Cyprus' parliament is to vote on a 10bn-euro bailout deal to save the country's banks on Monday.
Two climbers have climbed to the summit of Stac Lee and Stac an Armin, the highest sea stacks in the St Kilda archipelago.
A speed camera in Cardiff has handed out more than 13,000 penalty notices for speeding in a year.
A pre-inquest hearing into the death of the Manchester suicide bomber has heard he died of "multiple injuries".
The Department of Roads (DRD) has been found in breach of a contract to build a major road in County Antrim, a High Court judge has ruled.
Bydd Gyngor Abertawe yn cael ei hadeiladu dros y ffordd i gysylltu ardaloedd i'r cynlluniau ar gyfer y safle yn Ynys Mn yn
A surgeon who repeatedly stabbed his patients has had his 12-year jail sentence increased to 20 years.
Two disabled women have taken the government to court in a bid to get their disability benefits paid.
David Cameron and the opposition leaders have clashed at Prime Minister's Questions over the government's record on tax.
Shots have been fired near a police station in the German city of Stuttgart.
Northern Ireland's five teaching unions have rejected a new pay offer from the Department of Education and the employers.
Fewer than half of nurseries and childminders are planning to offer the government's flagship 30-hour free childcare scheme, a survey suggests.
flamingos stand on one leg, and they're a pretty impressive sight.
A man has died after being hit by a car in west Belfast.
The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union has said it will accept a four-year pay deal for London Underground's Night Tube service.
The mother of missing Madeleine McCann has begun a cycle ride from Scotland to the UK.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey on charges of insulting the president.
A search of the River Tay after reports of a person in the water near the Forth Road Bridge has ended.
Plans for a £100m shopping and leisure complex on a former ski club site have been given the go-ahead by planners after a public inquiry.
Latin American countries have condemned the Venezuelan Supreme Court's decision to strip the opposition-controlled National Assembly of its powers.
Raising council tax to pay for social care would "disproportionately" affect parts of Wales, a minister has said.
A 20-year-old man has been stabbed in a park in Oxford.
Scotland's two busiest airports have reported record passenger numbers for January.
A senior official at the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is at a "delicate juncture" and that risks to growth are rising.
It's been a day of chaos in the eurozone and Cyprus.
Two men have appeared in a Zimbabwean court over the killing of a lion in Zimbabwe.
Five members of the Canadian armed forces have been removed from active duty after they were filmed carrying a British flag at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax.
Labour has gained Chester from the Conservatives.
At least 30 people have been killed in a blast in the centre of the Syrian capital Damascus, the state news agency Sana says.
Police are investigating after a double-decker bus left the road in the Scottish Borders and came to rest against a metal barrier.
A man who bludgeoned a woman to death with a hammer has been jailed for life for her murder.
Greenhouse gas emissions in Scotland have continued to fall, according to official figures.
Who was King Arthur?
The first phase of the HS2 high speed rail line between London and the West Midlands will cause a "huge" number of weekend closures, campaigners say.
A lorry driver who caused a pile-up which killed a four-year-old girl and her unborn baby has been jailed for eight years.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has accused MPs of being "deliberately antagonistic" after they threatened to charge him with contempt of Parliament.
A woman has died in hospital after being set on fire at a house in Manchester.
Bookings for a tree office in east London will cost £5 per hour.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has dropped knights and dames from the honours list.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX in Arizona.
The Welsh actor who plays Darth Vader in the new Star Wars film has been given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Leeds United have signed former AC Milan midfielder Miroslav Benedicic on a two-year deal.
A £14m arts centre in Gwynedd is "a mess", a construction worker has told BBC Wales.
The BBC has been sent to the headquarters of the armed occupiers of a national wildlife refuge in the US state of Oregon.
A charity set up in memory of a teenager who was stabbed to death 16 years ago is to close.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died in a crash in Kilkeel in the Highlands.
The Catholic priest Fr Kevin Donegan has been heckled by Orange Order protesters in north Belfast.
Brewer SABMiller has rejected a revised £79bn takeover bid from Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev.
A rare white humpback whale has been spotted off the east coast of Australia.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has warned that the Scottish government faces "tough choices" in its next budget.
A Danish magazine and its editor have been sentenced to 18 months in jail for spying on the locations of the prime minister and other public figures.
Bristol City defender Ben Andrew has been banned for two games for violent conduct after appearing to kick out at Crystal Palace's Joel Ekstrand.
Former England bowler James Taylor and ex-Northamptonshire batsman David Sales have joined the Northants coaching staff.
Former Manchester United winger Nani says Valencia's players are still learning each other's game.
New England manager Sam Allardyce says goalkeeper Joe Hart's situation at Manchester City is a concern.
John-Joe O'Shea scored a late winner as Chesterfield came from behind to beat Port Vale in League One.
China's imports fell by 18.7% in yuan-denominated terms in September from a year earlier, as the world's second largest economy continues to struggle.
A Welsh aristocrat has been found guilty of posting a message on Facebook offering £5,000 to anyone who ran over businesswoman Gina Miller.
The number of people dying on the roads in England and Wales rose by 49 in the past year to 1,753, figures show.
Investment and recruitment plans may be being put on hold by Scottish firms following the UK's vote to leave the EU, according to a survey by the Fraser of Allander Institute.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho is expected to name an unchanged side for the visit of Premier League leaders Chelsea.
The two centre-right candidates in France's presidential primaries have clashed over their economic plans in a TV debate.
Children whose fathers are more withdrawn and anxious are less able to learn, a study suggests.
David Cameron will honour his election pledge to fund free school meals for all infants, Downing Street has said.
Households in Pembrokeshire could have their black bags collected three times a week to save money.
A man who admitted killing 18 cats in California has been sentenced to 16 years in prison.
A football club has become the first football club in the UK to introduce a complete vegan menu.
Raith Rovers have signed former St Mirren defender Greg van Zanten on a one-year deal.
World number one Novak Djokovic and defending champion Serena Williams reached the French Open semi-finals.
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have backed the Scottish government's plans to change council tax bands.
Hull City midfielder Marnick Vermijl is available after missing the FA Cup win over Lincoln with a calf injury.
Manchester City are close to agreeing a deal to sign West Brom captain Jonny Evans.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War Two Dambusters airman who had no known family or friends.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson won silver in the long jump at the World Indoor Championships in Portland, Oregon.
One of the passengers on board the Amsterdam-to-Paris Thalys train that was attacked by a gunman on Friday has described how train staff locked themselves in a coach.
A Galapagos tortoise, believed to be the oldest in the US, has died at the age of 90 at a zoo in California.
The World Cup-winning USA women's football team are to receive a ticker-tape parade in New York City on Wednesday.
The funeral of two brothers found dead in a car in County Mayo has taken place in the Republic of Ireland.
A former Hungarian police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually assaulting a young girl.
Plans for a new post-16 education centre in Torfaen have moved a step forward.
A set of photographs of the Dambusters raids on Germany in World War Two have sold for more than twice its estimated price.
A Dundee butcher has created a new Easter delicacy - a pork sausage wrapped in chocolate eggs.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's transfer saga is over after the striker scored in the 1-0 win over Aston Villa.
A Russian conductor has performed a concert in the ruins of the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, held by Islamic State (IS) militants.
New York's Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a live broadcast of an opera about the hijacking of a cruise ship after complaints it was anti-Semitic.
Manager Lee Clark hopes Kilmarnock can avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
The UK is sending a "perverse" message to the world by cutting subsidies for fossil fuels, the UN's climate chief has said.
Prof Yuko Arai has been teaching a robot to read and write for 10 years in Japan.
Rebels in northern Syria say they have captured the pilot of a Russian jet that crashed near the city of Aleppo on Monday.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in a coaching role at European champions Toulon.
The puppeteer who has provided the voice of Kermit the Frog for 30 years is to step down from the role.
Police have launched a murder inquiry after the death of a 24-year-old man in Larkhall, North Lanarkshire.
A 17,000-tonne oil rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis after its tow line broke.
A man who was over the drink-drive limit when he crashed and killed his friend has been jailed for two years.
Widnes Vikings head coach Denis Betts says the Super League side can turn their season around after a run of five straight defeats.
Aston Villa defender Andreas Weimann has been removed from the first-team squad, manager Eric Black has confirmed.
A house in west Belfast has been extensively damaged in two separate arson attacks.
Labour and Plaid Cymru will launch their general election manifestos in Wales on Thursday, with the Welsh Conservatives and Liberal Democrats also launching theirs.
A swan shot with a bow and arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild.
Young people in Wales will be the first in the UK to be regulated by the National Council for Teachers in Wales.
Human rights group Amnesty International has expressed alarm at reports that Saudi Arabia is preparing to execute dozens of people.
National League side Barrow have signed former Wigan Athletic defender Nathan Morgan-Smith on a deal until the end of the season.
zebras have been on the loose in the South African town of Blantyre.
Four hillwalkers have been airlifted to safety after getting stuck on a cliff on Skye.
An SNP MP will face no further action after police said there was "insufficient evidence" to support allegations of electoral fraud.
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to win an overall majority in the general election, the BBC has been told.
Reading for pleasure can boost mental and physical health, a report says.
Silverstone has "got their maths wrong" over the future of the British Grand Prix, says former driver Damon Horner.
A seaside town's lifeboat station has installed a weather camera in a bid to cut the number of launches.
United Airlines is offering hackers a million flight miles for finding security flaws in its website.
Liam Boyce scored a first-half hat-trick as Ross County beat 10-man Inverness.
A new study has found that angry faces make horses' heart rates faster.
More than 1,000 motorists have been breathalysed in north Wales during the Christmas period, police have said.
Two men have been injured in a street attack in East Lothian.
Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga as Charles scored a late winner for Athletic Bilbao.
Ben Davies and Son Heung-min scored second-half goals as Tottenham beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup fifth round.
Financial services firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side are focused on winning the Premier League title.
A trial of a drug that reduces the risk of HIV infection is to be run on the NHS in Wales.
A Russian long jumper cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics has said she is "delighted" to be in the Games.
More than £1bn was spent by housing associations in Wales in 2014/15, according to a new report.
Transport for London (TfL) has said it has hired 472 extra staff to work on the Night Tube.
A fire at a woodchip recycling plant in Cardiff has been brought under control after it reignited.
The independent inquiry into historical child sex abuse in England and Wales should be scrapped, a Welsh MP has said.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from Westminster and beyond.
White teenagers in England are the least likely ethnic group to apply for university places, says the admissions service Ucas.
Hull KR came from behind to beat Championship side Halifax in the Qualifiers.
A baby who died of sepsis would have been given intravenous antibiotics at least 12 hours before he died, an inquest has heard.
An eight-year-old girl has written to a council asking it to make a disabled swing at a new play park for her disabled twin brother.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara has defended the INLA's paramilitary theme at her mother's funeral.
The future of JogScotland is in doubt after the Scottish government pulled funding for the scheme.
The DUP's Gavin Robinson is in East Belfast to fight the Alliance Party's Naomi Long.
A third police officer has been sacked over the "plebgate" row at Downing Street.
Gemma Arterton is in line to star in a West End musical based on the hit film Made in Dagenham.
England's 72-run defeat by India in the first Test in Rajkot was a huge disappointment.
Two members of a family have been jailed for stealing more than 100 sheep from their neighbours.
Greece's prime minister has called for dialogue with Russia to avoid the "vicious circle" of sanctions.
Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he has dealt with the controversy surrounding the team.
Russian journalist Alexander Tsilikin has been found stabbed to death at his home in St Petersburg.
For the first time, the surviving crew of Pan Am Flight 73, hijacked 30 years ago, have spoken out about the harrowing ordeal.
Police forces in England and Wales are rationing services, the police watchdog has warned.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Filip Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, with energy and advertising companies among the biggest fallers.
Two Canadian teenagers have appeared in court on child pornography charges in connection with the alleged rape of a girl who later took her own life.
Gymnast Jack Bevan says he has a "small chance" of making Great Britain's team for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio despite breaking his leg.
A woman has died after a four-vehicle crash in the Highlands.
The search for a man who went missing after a run in Powys has ended for the night.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho criticised the Premier League after his side's goalless draw with West Ham.
The UN special envoy for Syria has warned that the "cessation of hostilities" in the country could collapse "any time".
Mae arweinydd Plaid Cymru wedi dweud bod yn annibyniaeth i'r Alban ar ei dyfodol yng Nghymru, yn l arweinydd Plaid Cymru, yn l arwein
George North says the British and Irish Lions can "kick on" after losing their opening two games in New Zealand.
A suspected unexploded bomb has been found in Rotherham.
A song and video of England's World Cup-winning squad has been released to mark the 35th anniversary of the tournament.
The head teacher of a school in Bangladesh who was humiliated and beaten for allegedly insulting Islam has been sacked.
Organisations that help the environment in Northern Ireland have been told their funding is being cut by up to 50%.
The humble bund gosht pancake is one of the most famous dishes in India, but how do you get it to taste so good?
The Her Majesty's Passport Office is to use a cloud-based time and attendance system developed by Lisburn-based Equiniti.
The mothers of two teenagers missing off the coast of Florida have said they believe the boys will be found alive.
Storm Abigail has been named by the Met Office.
The leader of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has said the organisation will not be intimidated by loyalist protesters.
Bristol City plans to start work on new stands at Ashton Gate in May.
The Liberal Democrats have suffered another by-election defeat, this time in Corby in Northamptonshire.
sacked Everton manager Roberto Martinez says he will "treasure" his time at the club "forever".
Newport County have signed striker Jack Compton and midfielder Sean Rigg.
As Wales prepare for the Euro 2016 finals in France, the BBC Sport team look back at the team's journey to the tournament.
City authorities in Rome have begun cutting padlocks attached to a bridge in the Italian capital by couples on Valentine's Day.
Friends of a British woman accused of plotting to kill her husband in India have called for a "proper investigation".
Garry Ringrose's place in the Ireland squad for the Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday has been likened to that of Brian O'Driscoll.
Pop star Britney Spears has opened her Las Vegas residency, Circus, at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino.
Skye's last minute equaliser at home to Murchison in the Marine Harvest Premiership was not enough to give them their first win of the season.
The US news website Gawker Media has been ordered to pay an additional $15m for publishing a sex tape of former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan.
The former SDLP leader, Martin Mallon, has said he is backing Colum Eastwood in the SDLP leadership contest.
The news that the Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has crashed in the southern Indian Ocean, with the loss of all 298 people on board, is devastating.
A Picasso portrait of a friend has set a new record for the artist at an auction of impressionist and modern art in New York.
Artificial intelligence is being used to speed up the discovery of new medicines - but how is it being used?
Wales lost 2-0 to Portugal in the Euro 2016 semi-final in Lyon.
A seven-year-old girl who drowned in a hotel swimming pool in Blackpool was pulled from the water by a former lifeguard, an inquest has heard.
Police in Pakistan have arrested a landowner who tied a boy to a donkey and dragged him to his death in Punjab province.
Nottingham Panthers head coach Corey Neilson says his side can win the Elite League play-offs.
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed to new admissions after an outbreak of flu.
Real Madrid have confirmed they have received a request from Fifa for information on 51 players under the age of 18.
Kris Commons says he has no plans to extend his loan spell at Hibernian after making his debut for the club on Saturday.
More than half a million drivers have been caught speeding in a village in the past year, campaigners have claimed.
French energy giant EDF has reported a 1.8bn (£1.4bn) net loss in the first three months of the year and cut its nuclear output target.
Five-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan says he no longer wants the pressure of being snooker's top player.
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to broadcast the Six Nations rugby union championship until March 2017.
Steven Gerrard's final appearance at Anfield as Liverpool's captain against AFC Wimbledon on Monday was the perfect occasion for the Reds' fans to express their views on his future - and they were not the only ones to do so.
The Northern Ireland government has been told it will not be able to fulfil a promise to provide an extra £100m to deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
Spain's north-eastern region of Catalonia is moving towards independence from the rest of the country, but the Spanish government has vowed to block the move.
A decision on a £500m development in Surrey could be delayed by up to a year, Guildford Borough Council has said.
Two search and rescue groups in Northern Ireland are to receive more than £31,000 in grants from the UK government.
A ceremony has been held in Sydney to mark the first anniversary of the Lindt cafe siege in which two people died.
The chief constable of Avon and Somerset Police is to return to work.
The Football Association has said that England and Scotland's players will be allowed to wear poppies on their shirts against Germany on 11 November.
The search is continuing for a Venezuelan military helicopter that went missing on Wednesday with 12 people on board.
A body found in woodland in Wirral has been confirmed as missing woman Jane Stevenson.
Durham opener Keaton Jennings hit a century before Graham Onions took four wickets for Somerset on day one at Chester-le-Street.
Newcastle United has been ordered to hand over documents seized in tax raids at the club's stadium.
A group of primary school principals in Belfast are to write to the Lord Mayor to ask for support in fighting proposed cuts to education.
Blackpool have signed former York City midfielder Shaun Whalley on a one-year deal.
Bath and North East Somerset Council is to hold a referendum on the idea of a directly elected mayor after receiving more than 6,000 valid signatures.
Malaysian police say they have found the body of a lawyer who was abducted from his home in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, in an oil drum.
Police investigating the double murder of a mother and son found shot dead at a north London flat have said they may have been targeted.
Coach Hope Powell says England's 2-0 win over Japan to top Group E and reach the Women's World Cup quarter-finals is "brilliant".
Thousands of people have attended the annual Apprentice Boys parade in Londonderry.
Salford Red Devils have signed Warrington Wolves winger Stefan Ratchford on loan until the end of the season.
The Islamic State (IS) militant group now has as many as 25,000 fighters, the CIA has said.
Scientists are hoping to develop a Saturday night drink which could protect people from food poisoning after a night out.
The European Commission has opened a case against Northern Ireland's decision not to introduce water charges.
A memorial to a World War One hero has been unveiled in East Sussex.
A psychiatrist who investigated Gulf War Syndrome has been appointed a knight in the New Year Honours list.
AFC Bournemouth have re-signed former Portsmouth defender Adam Hollands on a deal until the end of the season.
Votes are being counted in the second round of Colombia's presidential election.
The director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast, Dawn Purvis, is to step down.
Egypt's Nour El Sherbini beat England's Nick Simpson in the second round of the World Squash Championship in Malaysia.
Two goals from Liam Cummins helped St Johnstone to victory over Hamilton Academical.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student whose body was found in a burnt-out car.
Richie Ramsay's performance at the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart on Sunday was one of the best of his career, and one of the most remarkable of his career.
Pro12 leaders Leinster survived a Cardiff Blues fightback to secure a bonus-point win at the RDS.
Nicola Sturgeon has said the UK government's plan for a customs union with the EU after Brexit is "nonsensical and ridiculous".
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said the Night Tube will be launched "eventually".
NHS Grampian has been told to improve staffing levels at Aberdeen Royal Infirmary for older people.
Sri Lanka has rejected a UN call for a special court to investigate alleged war crimes committed during the civil war with Tamil Tiger rebels.
Scotland's Kelly Butterfield won Great Britain's first medal at the European Para-athletics Championships with victory in the shot put.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said there can be "no veto" over Welsh interests after the UK leaves the EU.
Counterfeit and unsafe antimalarial drugs are killing hundreds of thousands of people around the world, say scientists.
Three people have died in Japan after choking on rice cakes.
Teachers at a school placed in special measures are taking part in a second strike.
The District of Columbia and the state of Maryland are suing President Donald Trump over claims he is accepting payments from foreign governments through his hotels.
A police training centre has been used to train officers on how to break in to people's homes.
Two more schools run by a multi-academy trust in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted.
A woman has admitted kidnapping a three-week-old baby boy from his Shropshire home.
Rangers have signed midfielder Marius Zaliukas on a two-year deal.
The prime minister has revealed she'll be watching TV on Christmas Day, rather than opening her presents.
Australia says it has agreed to allow live cattle exports to China for the first time.
Police searching for a missing airman have appealed to three teenagers who may have seen him in a shopping centre car park.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games for violent conduct.
Dinamo Bucharest will send the African Champions League trophy to the grave of goalkeeper Patrick Ekeng if they win the competition.
China's state media are keeping a low profile on the corruption trial of disgraced politician Bo Xilai in the eastern city of Jinan.
A 92-year-old man who lost his mobility scooter in a village has said he will fight to keep it.
Guernsey's government spent more than £1.1m on advertising and public relations in the last year, figures show.
Gymnast Bryony Jones has been talking to Newsround about winning a medal at the Rio Olympics.
Labour leadership challenger Owen Smith has said he wants to "heal" the party.
A Roman Catholic priest is to stand trial accused of abusing pupils at a school in Inverness in the 1970s and 80s.
A Malala Yousafzai who was shot in the head for campaigning for girls' education is to open a new children's library in Birmingham.
A high-ranking Russian prison official has been arrested for allegedly using his position to demolish a government road.
The UN Security Council has voted to send a police force to Burundi to help prevent violence.
A drink driver who killed a police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed.
Jack Marriott's first-half goal gave Luton victory at Leyton Orient in League Two.
Olympic champion Elinor Barker says British Cycling should be praised after winning a bronze medal at the Track World Championships.
Toyota is to help fund the development of a flying car in Japan, according to reports.
A 92-year-old woman facing deportation from the UK to live with her daughter in South Africa has been given a temporary reprieve.
The prime minister has said the police in Northern Ireland need to be "properly resourced".
Super League rugby league player Danny Tickle is making a "complete recovery" after an assault at a Greater Manchester nightclub.
A Gloucester water treatment firm has been fined £180,000 after a worker was crushed by a machine.
Algeria striker Islam Mbolhi has signed for Turkish Super Lig side Antalyaspor from Qatari club Al-Ahli.
A community group is hoping to buy a former school site in Ceredigion and turn it into a community hub.
Millwall maintained their League One play-off push with a goalless draw at Colchester United.
Truro City manager Lee Hodges says his side have "underachieved by a country mile" after being relegated from the National League South.
A photographer has been fined for parking a Ferrari in the Mews car park in west London.
A doctor in Tanzania is training motorcycle taxi drivers to become first-responders in the event of a medical emergency.
The FTSE 100 has hit a new intra-day high, with shares in housebuilders helping to lift the index.
The gender pay gap between men and women in the workplace is not as big as previously thought, a study in Australia has suggested.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man who verbally abused a woman on a train.
Police investigating the shootings on Bloody Sunday are to interview more than 100 soldiers.
Mae BBC Cymru wedi dweud bod ddau filwr yn ymwneud  ffrwydron o aelodau o cynnal ymchwiliad yn Abertawe, yn l BBC Cymru.
A Sri Lankan politician has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a former MP.
National League side Dover Athletic have signed goalkeeper Rob Lawless on a one-year deal.
core funding for Wales' national science and technology centres is to end in 2021.
A Panamanian teenager managed to open an emergency door on a plane at San Francisco International Airport and run across the tarmac to the wing.
Police investigating the death of a woman whose body was found in the grounds of an Edinburgh house last year have made a fresh appeal for information.
A group of nine Britons have been detained in Turkey trying to travel to Syria, Turkish officials say.
Italian rider Franck Petrola has died in a crash during practice for the Isle of Man TT races.
Two men have been arrested in Dover on suspicion of terror offences.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Sharmila Tagore looks at a campaign in India to celebrate women's menstrual cycle.
A holidaymaker died of anaphylactic shock after eating a sorbet at a hotel on the Greek island of Rhodes, an inquest has found.
A 20-year-old man who admitted grooming a 14-year-old girl has been jailed for two years.
Unemployment in Scotland has risen slightly, according to the latest figures.
Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a cruciate knee ligament injury, Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed.
The names of the Formula 1 drivers who have won the world championship are enshrined in the sport's Hall of Fame.
Police are investigating after a 23-year-old woman was raped in Dundee.
Former champion Vincenzo Nibali has been disqualified from the Vuelta a Espana after crashing on stage two.
Karolina Pliskova beat Anett Kontaveit in straight sets to win her first WTA title at the Prague Open.
A seven-year-old boy is in a life-threatening condition after being hit by a hit-and-run driver.
The number of people dying from heart disease and stroke in Scotland has fallen significantly in the last decade, according to new figures.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester.
Former Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Billie Piper are to appear in the 50th anniversary special of the show.
Three rockets have been fired at the Israeli city of Eilat, near the border with Egypt.
It is 50 years since the publication of a book by a British-born Australian author that was widely regarded as the most pessimistic ever written about the country.
The first Gulf War of 1991 may be remembered as a defining moment in the history of the Middle East.
Clashes between police and loyalist protesters in west Belfast on Saturday night.
Wales fly-half James Hook will return to Ospreys from Gloucester at the end of the season.
Chloe Grace Moretz has become the latest star to speak out against body shaming.
Hundreds of people have protested against plans for a waste incinerator in Norwich.
World number one Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married, but is "nervous" about starting a family.
Actors Olivia Colman and David Tennant are to appear in the final series of ITV's crime drama Broadchurch.
On the eve of the arrival of the new year, the men and women of Dumfries and Galloway were preparing for the festive season.
The chief executive of an NHS trust criticised by the health watchdog has resigned.
New traffic lights are to be installed at a busy junction after a rise in the number of accidents caused by roadworks.
When Boris Nemtsov was shot dead in Moscow in February, he was working on a report that accused the Russian government of war in Ukraine.
At HMP Dumfries, prisoners are provided with a tiny cell.
As a fish and chip shop owner in Londonderry in the 1960s and 70s, John Duddy was a familiar face in the city's pubs and clubs.
More than 100,000 cigarettes and more than 40lbs (12kg) of tobacco have been seized in Skegness.
Tens of thousands of people have welcomed the new year at Edinburgh's Hogmanay Street Party.
More than 30,000 people in the southern German city of Augsburg will be evacuated on Sunday as a World War Two bomb is defused.
Scientists have discovered that a group of land-based reptiles, including crocodiles and alligators, had a live birth.
The number of GPs in Wales has increased by 5% in the last year, figures show.
When things go wrong for one group of people the consequences can be devastating.
A boat that crashed on the Isle of Wight after a test run was not fitted with safety equipment, a report has found.
A father and son died in a light aircraft crash in France after the pilot made a sharp turn, an inquest has heard.
Former Foreign Secretary William Hague has said the UK should have done more to help the Syrian opposition.
Prof Stephen Hawking is to deliver the BBC Radio 4 Reith Lecture on black holes.
More than 1,000 schools and academies in England are in debt, according to the government.
Thousands of airport ground workers in Chile have gone on strike for 24 hours in a dispute over pensions.
Police in Denmark say a Swedish journalist who went missing on a submarine in Copenhagen died in an accident on the vessel.
The energy regulator is planning to stop energy companies back-billing customers for energy used more than 12 months ago.
A fatal accident inquiry into the death of a boy at a Glasgow cemetery has heard that hundreds of headstones there were deemed to be unsafe.
The UK's Secret Intelligence Service, MI6, is taking on the image of James Bond in a new recruitment campaign.
Dixons Carphone has reported a rise in annual profits despite the UK voting to leave the European Union.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has re-signed for Middlesex as a player-coach for the 2017 season.
One of China's biggest state-owned steelmakers, Baosteel, is to merge with two of its rivals to create the country's second largest steelmaker.
Arsenal's 4-0 win over Aston Villa in the FA Cup final at Wembley was the perfect way for manager Arsene Wenger to end the season.
In 1947, the British Empire was split up into two new countries, India and Pakistan.
The former head of the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC), Lord Alderdice, has said the current political crisis in Northern Ireland should not see the return of the body.
Holders Al Ahly of Egypt were held to a 2-2 draw away to Zesco United of Zambia in the African Champions League on Saturday.
Singer Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a year off from music.
The family of a boy who suffered severe brain damage when he was born has been awarded £3.8m in a medical negligence case.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his side's performance in the 3-1 Europa League final defeat by Sevilla was "not good enough".
Thousands of students in the eastern Indian state of Bihar have been caught trying to cheat in school exams.
James Pattinson took 5-58 as Australia enforced the West Indies to follow on in the first Test in Hobart.
This year's Nobel prize for medicine has been awarded to three scientists for discoveries about the parasites that cause some of the world's poorest diseases.
German engineering giant Siemens and Japan's Mitsubishi Electric have increased their offer for the energy business of French firm Alstom.
Former England batsman Michael Carberry scored a century on his return to competitive cricket for Hampshire against Cardiff MCCU.
A council boss who won a libel case against a blogger has said he will not keep the money he won, BBC Wales has learned.
Reve De Sivola won the Champion Stayers' Hurdle at Punchestown on the final day of the Punchestown Festival.
Bolton Wanderers and Birmingham City played out a goalless draw at St Andrew's in the Championship.
England's preparations for Euro 2016 continued with a narrow defeat by the Netherlands at Wembley.
Scunthorpe United chairman Peter Swann has urged fans not to panic after the club's "worst football of the season".
The Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Italy in Turin on Friday night will be a meeting of two nations with a long history of rivalry, but the Azzurri's recent record against the Irish has been a source of controversy.
A man has been seriously injured in a two-vehicle crash in South Lanarkshire.
Libya have pulled out of hosting the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of ongoing fighting in the country.
The World Para-athletics Championships have been taking place in Sheffield.
Actress Lily James used to be a bit cynical about the idea of fighting zombies in a film version of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice.
Ciara Mageean has pulled out of the Irish team for the European Team Championships.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes felt his side dropped off in the second half of their 1-1 draw with Dundee.
A small fire broke out on the set of EastEnders ahead of the soap's 30th anniversary week.
The message from the Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro was clear - the disabled should have equal rights.
A social worker who was sacked for viewing more than 1,000 pornographic images has been banned from the profession.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has returned to Stamford Bridge for a second spell in charge.
A 25-year-old man has appeared in court charged over the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Clare.
Adam Johnson has been sacked by Sunderland after pleading not guilty to one count of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
A Midlothian man has been jailed for two years for a VAT fraud of more than £300,000.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after voters were turned away at polling stations during the EU referendum.
A baker has baked a cake in the shape of a Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) engine to celebrate the carmaker's two millionth vehicle.
The Liberal Democrats have changed their election campaign website after it was branded "politically biased" by a Chelsea estate agent.
Spanish football club Barcelona has agreed to pay a fine of 5.5m (£4.2m) to settle a tax dispute over the signing of Brazilian footballer Neymar in 2013.
Two US senators who back gun rights have called for "common sense" gun control in the wake of the Sandy Hook school shooting.
The environmental risks of fracking for shale gas in the UK can be managed safely, a report has concluded.
New York's Ellis Island, home to the Statue of Liberty, was evacuated on Tuesday after a bomb threat.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Brian Cowen has apologised for his performance in a live television interview on Tuesday night.
Edinburgh City have signed Australia defender Chris Herd and German striker Frank Nouble.
Tottenham are in talks with the Football Association about playing home Premier League games at Wembley, says FA chairman Greg Dyke.
From the palm-lined streets of Miami to the palm-lined beaches of Jamaica, the Caribbean is awash with palm trees.
UK industrial production has fallen into recession, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN's human rights chief has called for an investigation into a video that appears to show Turkish security forces shooting dead unarmed civilians in the south-eastern city of Cizre.
As the festive season draws to a close, the BBC's Money Advice Service says it is time to start thinking of money resolutions.
Lawyers for the families of the Birmingham pub bombings victims have been told they cannot apply for legal aid from the government.
The widow of former Australian cricket captain and legendary cricket commentator Richie Benaud has turned down an offer of a state funeral, Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said.
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq, the White House says.
A body has been found in the search for missing teenager Fergus Mitchell in St Fergus.
UK house prices rose slightly in the three months to the end of December, according to the Nationwide building society.
Britain's Andy Murray beat home favourite Nick Kyrgios in straight sets to reach the Australian Open semi-finals.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Barry Christie has called for Scottish football to introduce a home-grown rule.
A body has been found after a house fire in Brighton.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with murder and attempted murder after allegedly shooting dead a classmate and wounding another at a school in the southern Indian state of Karnataka.
Coldplay have marked the end of the London 2012 Festival with the Bandstand Marathon.
In our series of letters from British writers, the novelist and writer Michael Morpurgo looks at the history of sharing a cigarette.
Iran is committed to giving up nuclear weapons, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said.
A culture of "complacency" at a health board could have led to serious repercussions for patients, MSPs have said.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train in northern France.
One of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped in Nigeria has been found alive in a forest in the north-east.
The Irish Football Association (IFA) has said Northern Ireland fans who missed out on Euro 2016 tickets will have access to a special portal set up by Uefa.
A record 50 Scots will compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
The BBC's director of news has said staff working for BBC Persian in Iran are being harassed and intimidated by the authorities.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for urgent action to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK.
Mali's government has called for military help to stop the slaughter of a critically endangered species of elephant in the north of the country.
The Queen is to attend a parade at Cardiff's Principality Stadium to mark the colours of the Royal Welsh regiment.
Ukraine's youngest-ever public official has been criticised on social media for her new job, but her boss says the criticism is based on outdated attitudes.
Prisoners with mental health problems are being put on a waiting list by a mental health trust, a former therapist has claimed.
John McGinn says Hibernian are determined to "recharge the batteries" in the Championship title race.
For the past 40 years, undercover police officers in the UK have been at the centre of a steady stream of allegations about how they were used to infiltrate peaceful protests.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has delayed an auction of 4G spectrum, after the owners of O2 and Three threatened legal action.
The Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of President Enrique Pena Nieto is on course to win a majority of seats in the lower house of Congress, preliminary results show.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's arrival at Manchester United would help cover the cost of missing out on the Champions League and boost the club's shirt sales.
A new Caledonian MacBrayne ferry has been launched at Ferguson Marine in Clydebank.
Thousands of teenagers will be receiving their A-level and AS results on Thursday.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on the last day of the year as oil prices recovered.
Former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said David Cameron will have to stand down as prime minister after the next election.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah looks at some of the highlights of 2013.
Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah has sacked the country's top cleric, Sheikh Abdul Aziz al-Obeikan, who is known for his hardline views on women's rights.
Tesco has agreed to sell its US grocery chain Fresh & Easy to private equity firm Yucaipa.
A new head of health services in south Wales has been appointed in Australia.
Former Northern Ireland midfielder Dean Shiels has signed for FC Edmonton of the North American Soccer League (NASL).
Rihanna has shared a snippet of a new song with Kanye West and Sir Paul McCartney called Four Five Seconds.
The police chief in the US city of Baltimore has been sacked amid a surge in violence.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug Roaccutane in the UK is too high, campaigners say.
The Peruvian army says it has captured two fighters of the left-wing Shining Path rebel group.
A pilot who died when his Folland Gnat jet crashed during an aerial display at the CarFest festival has been named.
Afghan officials say Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike.
US President Donald Trump is to announce his decision on the war in Afghanistan later.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by strong global markets.
Ricky Burns was a man on a mission.
Myanmar's military has denied a UN report that said it committed "crimes against humanity" against the Rohingya Muslim minority during a crackdown last year.
Victims' rights in England and Wales are being ignored, the victims' commissioner for England and Wales has said.
An Australian author has received an email informing her that she has won a $1m (£700,000) prize.
A 102-year-old German doctor has been awarded a doctorate after the Nazis stole it from her.
Stoke City have signed Fulham midfielder Steve Sidwell.
A 75-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with dangerous driving after a crash in Aberdeenshire.
The number of homes being repossessed in the UK fell in the second quarter of the year, figures show.
Labour has retained the Bridgend West seat in the general election.
As local authorities across the country deal with cuts in central government funding, the BBC's Paul Adams looks at Leicestershire County Council.
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association.
A travel firm has stopped selling holidays to traditional zoos.
Lionel Richie is to open a residency at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
A wildlife charity has called for a ban on discarded fishing lines at a country park after a swan was injured.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand was one of the best in the history of the series.
Vigilantes who target paedophiles in Kent are putting real children at risk, Kent Police has said.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side must respond quickly to their 4-0 defeat by Bournemouth in the Premier League.
Firefighters have been suspended from tackling a fire at a wood chip recycling plant in Bridgend county.
Highland Council is seeking quotes to repair public toilets on Skye after complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors.
Mae cwest wedi dweud bod ei l ceisio ar l i ffordd ar l cwest yn ar l ar l ar l cyn gadael yn ei bod o dan y car
Forward Joey Haddad has signed a new two-year contract with Cardiff Devils.
Moeen Ali led England's fightback on day four of the second Test against West Indies.
Rupert Murdoch's evidence to MPs about phone hacking was "inadequate", a report into the scandal has concluded.
The parents of a couple who died of cancer within days of each other have spoken of their "horrifying" experience.
A strike on the Southern rail network is continuing for a second day, with the rail unions calling on the government to "sort out the current shambles".
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi dweud nad yw'r ddau wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth yn teithio mewn car Citroen Zara aur gyda'r rhif VRN, yn 
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man in Edinburgh has been discharged.
A six-hour work day trial in Gothenburg, Sweden, which was hailed as a success and sparked global debate about work culture, is to end after a year.
Petrochemical plant owner Ineos has said the second manufacturing unit at its Grangemouth petrochemical plant is now running at full capacity.
Crawley Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Tom Dallison on loan until January.
The family of a baby girl from Bristol who was diagnosed with a rare form of meningitis have been speaking to the BBC.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Chris Eckersley on a one-year deal.
The operator of Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has outlined a plan to bring it under control within six months.
London-based metals recycling firm Liberty House is preparing to submit a formal bid for Tata Steel's loss-making UK operations.
The nomination of a French ambassador to the Vatican, who is gay, has been delayed, the French government has said.
Rangers beat Celtic 5-4 on penalties in the Scottish Cup semi-final after a 2-2 draw.
The family of a toddler who died have paid tribute to an "innocent little boy" who was "always smiling".
The daughter of "Fast and Furious" actor Paul Walker is suing Porsche over his death in a car crash in Los Angeles two years ago.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to help the people of a fireworks market destroyed by a series of explosions on New Year's Eve.
A universal flu jab could be a step closer after promising results in animal studies.
A review of inquests into some of the most controversial killings of the Troubles in Northern Ireland has begun.
On 26 December 2004, a 9.1-magnitude earthquake off the coast of Banda Aceh in Indonesia triggered a tsunami that killed more than 230,000 people in 14 countries.
David Cameron is to press ahead with plans to ban EU migrants from claiming in-work benefits in the new year.
The world premiere of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has been praised by fans on social media, with many describing it as "amazing".
A prison where two inmates escaped through a cell window is "inhumane", a watchdog has said.
US President Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka is to work in the White House.
Villagers have taken over a 200-year-old pub in a Gloucestershire village.
A coalition of civil rights groups has called on Facebook to provide a "fairer and more equal" experience for people of colour on the site.
Is the £1bn plan to ease congestion on the M4 in south east Wales a good idea?
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain cycling team for the European Road Championships in Denmark.
The Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill was pleased with his side's 1-1 draw with the Netherlands in the Euro 2016 warm-up game in Dublin.
Women's Super League One champions Chelsea Ladies secured their place in the Women's FA Cup final with a thumping win over Liverpool Ladies.
Turkey's parliament has passed a bill giving the police sweeping new powers to deal with protests.
A campaign has been launched to save the apartment of Dylan Thomas in the Chelsea Hotel in New York.
Standing in front of New York's Supreme Court in lower Manhattan, in the shadow of the Empire State Building, it is easy to see why Fifa's decision to award the 2026 World Cup to the United States was such a shock.
When the Chinese artist Ai Weiwei used Lego to create a work of art, the toy company refused to sell it.
Police in Italy have arrested more than 100 people in a major investigation into football match-fixing.
The use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes is being "chemically coshed", the older people's commissioner for Wales has said.
2013 in Northern Ireland was a year in which the past and the future of the peace process took centre stage.
Solihull Moors have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jack Cooper on loan until the end of the season.
Highland Council has said a plan to give every primary school pupil in the region a tablet computer could lead to better results.
Searches are continuing for a missing woman from Conwy county.
The use of force by staff at a high-security prison has been "unjustified", a report has found.
Russia has said its forces are helping Syrian government forces retake the ancient city of Palmyra from so-called Islamic State (IS).
A man has been charged with 26 counts of murder in a series of shootings in the US city of Phoenix last year.
As Iran's foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, has said, his country's participation in the talks on Syria in Vienna on Friday was a response to the growing threat posed by the so-called Islamic State (IS).
A treatment that retrains the body's immune system to tolerate peanuts has cured most of children with peanut allergies in a world-first trial, say UK researchers.
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have defended their record on tackling extremism.
Honey, water and a bit of imagination are all needed to make the quintessential American beverage - a glass of honey-and-water mead in the US.
The Winchburgh railway tunnel on the Glasgow to Edinburgh line is to close for six weeks.
The widow of a man killed in the Tunisia beach attack has said she hopes his legacy will help others.
A body has been found in the River Tay in Fife.
Labour and the Conservatives will create a "shambles" minority government after the general election, Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has warned.
A visitor centre at a nature reserve in Somerset has reopened after a £3.5m revamp.
Tottenham's Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four games for elbowing Bournemouth's Harry Arter.
Stormont's political system in Northern Ireland has been criticised in the past.
A military museum in Dorset has been awarded £350,000 to mark the centenary of the start of World War One.
Moussa Dembele has insisted he is happy at Celtic despite reports linking him with a move to Chelsea.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's character after they came from behind to beat Rangers at Ibrox.
A police investigation into serial killer Peter Tobin is to be scaled back.
England's 19-year-old batsman Billy Root hit an unbeaten 109 as Nottinghamshire beat defending champions Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston.
A primary school teacher was removed from a school trip to the US,Neath Port Talbot council has said.
A British man travelled to Syria to fight for so-called Islamic State (IS), a court has heard.
A new affordable housing scheme in Northern Ireland will not work, a report has concluded.
Bundesliga leaders RB Leipzig came from behind to beat 10-man Hoffenheim.
A man has been airlifted to safety after falling in Snowdonia.
Matt Halkett's late header gave Livingston victory over champions Rangers at Ibrox.
Lionel Messi has donated a signed shirt to help a double amputee footballer who was hit by a hit-and-run driver.
A man with learning difficulties was punched and robbed at knifepoint at a bus stop in South Lanarkshire.
Forest Green Rovers moved level on points with National League leaders Cheltenham Town at the top of the table thanks to late goals from Jack Parkin.
Anthony Watson has been named in a 25-man England training squad for the Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday.
South Africa beat Ireland by 87 runs in the second one-day international in Port Elizabeth to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
A restaurant roof has collapsed and a seafront amusement arcade has been flooded after heavy rain in Essex.
Ever since she was a little girl, Gina Seifert has dreamed of becoming a beauty queen in the Philippines.
Ebbsfleet twice came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at Guiseley in the National League.
The Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, has said the Philippines will maintain all of its military alliances.
There is "every likelihood" of a vote in the assembly on the triggering of Article 50, the Welsh government's top lawyer has said.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and secure their first Premier League win of the season.
A former Jersey TV presenter has suggested the UK's new polar research vessel should be namedBoaty McBoatface.
Premier League newcomers Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Sunderland for an undisclosed fee.
The London mayor has ordered a review of the capital's security services in the wake of the London Bridge attack.
A World War Two commander's handwritten order to "all troops" to cease fire hours before the end of the war has been sold at auction for £3,600.
John Whittingdale has been appointed as the new culture secretary in the new Conservative government.
A Scottish holidaymaker is missing after being swept out to sea in Bulgaria.
US actress Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's life achievement award.
There is a "significant gap" in services for victims of child sexual abuse in the South West, the NSPCC has said.
Oldham Athletic have sacked midfielder Cristian Montano after an investigation into alleged match-fixing.
"I'm feeling a bit stiff," says Daisy the sheep as she leans back in her pen.
Nigel Farage has said the UK's in-out EU referendum could be the "moment" when the UK's "moment of truth" comes.
Fifteen years ago, the United States was the world's most powerful country.
Troubled Italian club Parma have been relegated to Serie B after two potential buyers pulled out of a deal to buy the club.
Three Haitian ministers have resigned after President Michel Martelly made a sexist remark at a campaign rally.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack are to co-host The X Factor on ITV.
The widow of a man who died after a crash on a dual carriageway has handed in a petition to Highways England calling for safety improvements.
Part of the railway line in Rotherham has reopened after a fire at a toy factory.
A British backpacker has been seriously injured after falling from a moving train in Thailand.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would be disappointed if his side continue to concede late goals in the Championship next season.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says midfielder Samir Nasri will be fit in the next two weeks.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to move level on points with La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Ghana's opposition candidate Nana Akufo-Addo has won the presidential election in the West African country.
Police in Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, have used tear gas and rubber bullets to break up protests by taxi drivers.
Chelsea have been crowned champions of England for the first time in 50 years, and they have done it in style.
At least three people have been killed and at least 20 injured in an explosion in a cafe in southern Spain, officials say.
A man accused of being part of a plot to pass horsemeat off as beef has told the Old Bailey he was not involved in the conspiracy.
India's ambitious plan to create the world's biggest biometric identity database, with more than 500 million members, is set to take the world by storm.
Searches on Google, Facebook and other internet services can be swept up in the UK without a warrant, the government has revealed.
Welshman Elfyn Evans finished the opening round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Portugal in fourth place behind champion Sebastien Ogier.
Rebel factions in Syria have walked out of peace talks after Russia and Iran agreed to set up safe zones in the war-torn country.
A bubble tea shop chain that offered jobseekers free training to work in its cafes is to pay staff the minimum wage.
Exeter Chiefs beat Wasps to go top of the Premiership.
A US man has been shot dead after he rushed at a witness in a US court in Salt Lake City with a pen, prompting a judge to declare a mistrial.
A third Welsh Labour minister has backed Yvette Cooper in the party's leadership contest.
The UK's leading equality body has warned that the Brexit debate has "polarised" parts of the country and "legitimised" hate.
All photographs Joseph Fox
The number of children and young people with mental health problems going to accident and emergency departments in England has more than doubled in the last four years, figures show.
Liverpool City Council has voted to call on newsagents to stop selling The Sun.
A 25-year-old man has been jailed for causing the death of a four-year-old girl by dangerous driving.
Restrictions placed on bus companies in Bristol 25 years ago are to be reviewed by the competition watchdog.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has used his Easter message to urge people to embrace hope in the wake of the Brussels bombings and the Paris attacks.
The US military says it believes Houthi rebels in Yemen fired two missiles at a US warship in the Red Sea on Sunday.
The government's controversial changes to disability benefits will be legally binding, ministers have said.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still looking to strengthen his squad in the January transfer window.
Luke Molesley's late winner saw National League Aldershot Town beat League Two Portsmouth in the FA Cup third round.
An album of signatures of members of the Dambusters raid on dams in Germany during World War Two has sold at auction for £3,600.
Bovine tuberculosis (TB) is the "number one priority" for Wales' chief vet as she steps down.
A 46-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating phone hacking at the News of the World.
Plans for a new Church in Wales school campus in Bala, Gwynedd, could be scrapped.
alaba scored twice as TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo beat Algerian side Bejaia of Algeria 3-1 to win the Confederation Cup on Sunday.
A rights group says the Malian army has summarily executed at least 30 Arabs in central Mali since the French-led intervention began.
Liverpool Ladies have signed England midfielder Jess Greenwood from Women's Super League One rivals Notts County.
Great Britain's men opened the Champions Trophy with a goalless draw against Australia.
Newport Gwent Dragons came from behind to beat Cardiff Blues and reach the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has pledged to uphold the country's commitments to the United Nations and the Association of South East Asian Nations (Asean).
Jewellery worth more than £10,000 has been stolen in a raid on a jewellers.
A former doctor who falsified clinical trials is to have his name removed from the medical register, the General Medical Council (GMC) has said.
New Zealand openers Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson starred as the Black Caps thrashed Pakistan by 112 runs in the second Twenty20 international.
A 200-year-old flour mill in Hampshire has been restored.
Tata Steel is to mothball some of its steelmaking operations at its plant in Newport.
Britain's Vicky Cave has won the Ironman World Championship in Hawaii.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said the Iraq war was a "terrible mistake".
Colchester United have signed striker Sean Guthrie from Welling United for an undisclosed fee.
Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world.
Mercedes dominated first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
Ian Hutchinson set the pace in the second practice session at the Isle of Man Grand Prix.
The head of the Pensions Regulator has been asked to explain why it was not mentioned in evidence to MPs on the collapse of the BHS pension scheme, BBC Newsnight has learned.
A bullet found in the body of a man who was shot by the Army in 1971 will not be exhumed until next year.
Chelsea remain top of the Premier League after a 4-0 win over Arsenal at Stamford Bridge, with Manchester United second after a 1-1 draw at Liverpool.
Richard Hammond has said he is "back in action" after he was injured in a crash while filming for his show The Grand Tour in Dorset.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union by a narrow margin of 51.9% to 48.1%.
The convener of the Crofting Commission on the Western Isles has said he has no intention of resigning over a dispute with crofters.
A man who admitted killing a Polish worker who fell from the roof of a warehouse has been jailed for two years.
The creator of children's TV show Thunderbirds, Gerry Anderson, has revealed he has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
Tens of thousands of mothers are missing out on National Insurance (NI) credits for caring for their children, a pensions expert has said.
The first phase of a new seaside park has opened to the public.
Two more airlines have announced they are pulling out of Nigeria due to a shortage of foreign currency and the peg of the naira to the US dollar.
Aston Villa have signed Slovakian striker Denis Kozak from NK Domzale for an undisclosed fee.
Shops in Wales have been banned from selling cigarettes and other tobacco products in front of customers under a new law.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Burnley boss Sean Dyche is in his top three Premier League managers of all time.
North Korea has test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that appears to be capable of reaching the US.
Scotland defender Russell Martin is looking forward to Saturday's Euro 2016 friendly against France in Metz.
Controversial US anti-abortion activist Troy Newman has lost an appeal in Australia's high court against his deportation from the country.
Jon Stewart is stepping down as host of Comedy Central's The Daily Show after 16 years of skewering politicians and the media.
Peter Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Conwy council.
England wicketkeeper Jos Buttler has signed a new contract with Lancashire.
Star Wars composer John Williams is to be honoured at this year's BBC Proms, with a performance of his score for The Force Awakens.
The SNP received 30% of the first preference vote in last week's local elections, according to the Scottish Electoral Commission.
The UN has said the battle to retake the western part of the Iraqi city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) is "absolutely the most important".
Parts of Wales could be hit by strong winds on Monday, the Met Office has warned.
Scientists in the US have developed pressure-sensitive "skins" that could be used to build robots.
Scottish Borders Council is planning a review of its school estate in the region.
Faissal El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Dunfermline Athletic beat Ayr United to move up to second in the Scottish Championship.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling down a cliff.
Pierre St Aubyn has won the Bollinger Everyman Wodehouse Prize for a satirical novel about literary awards.
The opening match of the Women's Rugby World Cup at Cardiff's Principality Stadium on 20 November will be shown live on BBC One.
Water use in the US state of California fell by more than 30% in July, meeting the state's mandatory water restrictions, officials say.
A lion that went on a sheep-killing spree in South Africa after escaping from a national park is to be returned to the wild.
Election officials in Florida have moved a polling site for a mosque after receiving complaints from voters.
Higher education staff are staging a 24-hour strike on Thursday in a dispute over pay.
Chinese police have arrested 11 people for "spreading fake information" about the stock market slump and the Tianjin blasts, the state news agency says.
Rising levels of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the oceans are threatening marine life, according to a report.
The son of musician Nick Cave fell to his death from a cliff in Brighton after taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
A vote by the UK to leave the EU could have "consequences" for global financial markets, the head of the US central bank has said.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead in the Tour de France to three minutes and 39 seconds after stage 13.
A fatal accident inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has heard doctors should have noted a "major discrepancy" in the accounts of the driver's previous blackout.
Turkey's president has compared Germany to Nazi Germany in a row over a German-Turkish journalist.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland centre Mark Fife and hooker Fraser Toolis are among eight players to leave Edinburgh at the end of the season.
At least 30 people have been killed in three suicide car bomb attacks on military checkpoints in Yemen, officials say.
The BBC has signed a new three-year deal to show the Diamond League athletics meeting series from 2017.
Iran has elected a record number of women to its parliament.
An 11-year-old boy has become the youngest champion of the Scripps National Spelling Bee.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year deal with the League One club.
Teachers in England are facing a "huge" rise in abuse on social media, a teachers' union has warned.
A seven-year-old boy saved his mother and sister from a house fire in Canada.
Swindon Town are interested in speaking to Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald about their managerial vacancy.
Motorcyclist David Carswell has died after a crash at a meeting in the Isle of Man.
The Kremlin has called US claims that Russia meddled in the US election a "witch-hunt".
The board of US clothing retailer American Apparel has accused its former chief executive, Dov Charney, of sexual harassment and discrimination, in a court filing.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial for a teenage free-runner who died after falling from a rooftop in Paris.
Two earthquakes in China's Gansu province have killed at least six people and injured more than 1,400, state news agency Xinhua says.
Reading secured their place in the Championship play-offs with victory at Burton Albion.
The number of homeless applications from the private rented sector in Scotland has risen to 3,457, according to a report by Shelter Scotland.
Belfast boxer Katie Taylor's promoter Eddie Hearn is hoping to secure a world title fight for the 19-year-old.
The Dutch city of Amsterdam has become the latest city to try a low-tech approach to tackling violence linked to alcohol.
Google's self-driving cars, Amazon's assistant Alexa and Microsoft's self-driving car are just some of the latest examples of the advances in artificial intelligence.
Norwich City midfielder James Maddison has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Germany's Olympic champion Michael Jung won the Badminton Horse Trials Grand Slam on La Biosthetique.
As Taiwan marks the one-year anniversary of the biggest anti-China protest in years, a growing number of people in the island are calling for its independence from China.
Protesters have clashed with police outside two police stations during a demonstration over the death of a man.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says a new vaccine for the Zika virus could be available in the UK in November.
Prime Minister David Cameron is to host world leaders at a summit in London to tackle corruption.
St Johnstone eased to victory over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle at McDiarmid Park.
The number of new mothers in England who breastfeed their babies has risen, figures show.
The BBC One adaptation of War and Peace has beaten Channel 4 shows in the overnight ratings.
Defender Chris Gunter says Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' Euro 2016 qualifying campaign will not affect the team.
A Czech woman who survived a month lost in New Zealand's wilderness with the body of her partner has told of her ordeal.
The disputed Western Sahara is a vast, semi-desert territory in the north-west of Africa.
Northern Ireland's Brendan Donnelly is through to the quarter-finals of the Olympic men's light-flyweight boxing after beating Algeria's Youcef Youcef.
A four-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck in a revolving restaurant in the US city of Atlanta.
Italy has criticised northern Italian regions for refusing to take in thousands of migrants.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Andrei Andreyev, has denied blaming Poland for the start of World War Two.
The editor of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, Stephane Charb, has written a book criticising Islamophobia.
Emergency services in Calderdale have staged a major training exercise to test their ability to deal with flooding.
A huge bridge has been lifted into place in Hong Kong.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a school in Bradford.
A photographic archive of the UK's high rise tower blocks is to be created.
Scottish judo star Stephanie Inglis has opened her eyes and said "thank you" to well-wishers.
The UK's Brexit secretary has said Scotland will not get any new powers as part of the UK leaving the EU.
Information released by Wikileaks about the CIA's hacking tools could be used to identify previously discovered malware.
A rare folio of pages from the Koran is to go on display at Leeds City Museum.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's stunning 25-yard strike rescued a point for Cheltenham in a 1-1 draw at Mansfield.
World number one Andy Murray recovered from his shock defeat by Albert Ramos-Vinolas in Monte Carlo to reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open.
A councillor has said parts of the stricken drilling rig Transocean Winner could be recycled in the Western Isles.
Craig Gordon says he is determined to keep his place in the Celtic team after his heroics against Manchester City.
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton United thrashed North Ferriby in the National League.
At least 39 people have been killed in a landslide in the north-western Colombian province of Antioquia.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Dale Ormsby on a two-year deal.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The first Crossrail tunnel has been boring into a station in London.
A man has been charged with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the so-called Disappeared.
Jared Payne remains a fitness doubt for Ireland's Six Nations game against England at Twickenham on Saturday.
A British man killed in Iraq was a former Guantanamo Bay detainee, the BBC has learned.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen's ankle injury is not as bad as first feared, says manager Mauricio Pochettino.
First Minister Arlene Foster has said Northern Ireland must not become a "safe haven" for terrorists after the UK leaves the EU.
Sports Direct chief executive Dave Forsey has been replaced by Mike Ashley as chairman of the company.
Las Vegas is a city of glitz and glamour, where the neon lights of the Strip dominate the skyline.
England were denied victory on the final day of the first Test against Pakistan in Sharjah.
Hosts China beat Japan to win the women's team table tennis gold medal in Rio.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are to tour Australia and New Zealand in November.
More than half of beaches in the UK have no lifeguards on duty during the summer months.
Gwen Ifill, a veteran journalist and co- moderator of two vice-presidential debates, has died at the age of 62.
The UK's children's laureate, Chris Riddell, has stepped down after two years in the role - here's a look back at his achievements.
Former Birmingham City boss Steve Bruce should be the next Aston Villa manager, says former Blues midfielder Robbie Savage.
Children as young as 10 were involved in recent rioting in Northern Ireland, the Police Service of Northern Ireland has said.
The wife of a Sun journalist who is in a coma after an attack outside a London Tube station has said Alan Shearer and rugby league stars have sent messages of support.
National League side Chester have re-signed defender Ben Lloyd from National League North side Southport on a one-month loan deal.
Hibernian moved closer to the Scottish Championship title with victory over 10-man Dundee United.
The cosmetics company Avon is to close its operations in France with the loss of dozens of jobs.
Formula 1 teams launched their new cars on the first day of pre-season testing in Spain.
A road in Denbighshire has reopened after a four-year-old boy was hit by a car.
Part of the ceramic poppies from the Tower of London installation Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red is to go on public display.
Sir Jeffery Amherst was a British general who led the British army in the American colonies in the 1760s.
Marathon champion Rita Jeptoo has been banned for two years by Athletics Kenya for doping.
Plans to double the size of the UK's largest onshore wind farm in Greater Manchester have been approved.
Apple has been ordered to pay $506m (£397m) to a US university for violating a patent.
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team's Euro 2016 match against Ukraine in Lyon.
Robert Harsent has won the TS Eliot Prize for Poetry for the first time.
Defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of the UK Championship in York.
A wine bar has been fined £20,000 after a woman had to have her stomach removed after drinking a cocktail made with liquid nitrogen.
A 41-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a woman whose remains were found in an undergrowth in Dublin on Saturday.
Care services for older people in the Western Isles need "significant improvement", according to health and social work inspectors.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer and weapons by three men.
Reigning champions the Democratic Republic of Congo and South Africa were eliminated from the qualifiers for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations on Sunday as Nigeria and Ivory Coast booked their places.
Manager Brendan Rodgers says new signing Olivier Ntcham has "everything to be a top, top level number eight" after his debut in Celtic's friendly defeat by Paris St-Germain.
Views have been sought on plans for a new bridge on the A82 near Beattock.
Star Wars spin-off The Force has been revealed on April Fools' Day.
UKIP is "very confident" of winning more seats in the 2016 assembly election, the party's leader in Wales has said.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, a Polish deli owner in Cambridgeshire is struggling to deal with hate mail and phone calls.
A 72-year-old Pembrokeshire man has been jailed for more than 30 years for sexually abusing a child.
A 14-year-old girl's 15th birthday party in a village in central Mexico is to go ahead after a video invitation went viral on social media.
An appeal to raise money for the family of a six-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in a lift has raised more than £6,000.
Four water voles have been released at a Monmouthshire nature reserve.
The closure of the Forensic Science Service (FSS) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, MPs have heard.
Comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at his old university, Temple University in Philadelphia.
A suspected unexploded World War Two device has been found on a beach in Gwynedd, North Wales Police has said.
Carbon emissions from the burning of coal and other fossil fuels were far more rapid than previously thought, a study suggests.
Gymnasts are practising their handstands and cartwheels.
St Helens came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons and boost their hopes of reaching the Super League play-offs.
A Denbighshire man whose home was flooded by the sea three years ago has said he feels safer as work begins to protect the area.
Satellites are to be used to deliver broadband to remote parts of the UK, using frequencies previously used for TV broadcasts.
Fines of up to 100% of the value of tax avoided would be imposed on aggressive tax avoiders if Labour wins power, the party has said.
Children should be banned from playing rugby because of the risk of serious injuries, doctors say.
A medieval castle on the Isle of Wight is to be restored.
Scotland's Health Secretary Shona Robison has announced a report into the independent review of vaginal mesh implants.
Hundreds of rare and endangered gull eggs have been stolen from a colony.
The number of people prosecuted for driving offences on the UK's roads is falling, campaigners say.
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a 100,000-signature petition against a dog meat festival.
China's Chen Long won Olympic gold in the men's -69kg weightlifting with a world record total of 329kg.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Netherlands winger Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven.
In the corridors of a conference for the virtual reality industry, in the corridors of a conference for the virtual reality industry...
Britain's Shauna Coxsey retained her world title in the sport climbing bouldering event in Beijing.
A man who breached his community payback order by attacking worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for six months.
Four men have been charged with the murder of a man who was attacked at a former mill.
A takeaway delivery driver was hit with a golf club during a robbery in West Lothian.
Devolution in Wales is not a "just settlement", the Archbishop of Wales has said.
The Welsh government is failing to meet its targets to plant 20,000 hectares of woodland a year, timber firms have warned.
Numbers of the critically endangered European eel have been found for the first time in a river after a fish pass was installed.
Bollywood star Salman Khan has appeared in court in India over a hit-and-run case in which he is accused of killing a homeless man by running over them with his car.
Ten years ago a gangland feud began in the Republic of Ireland when a man was shot dead in the lobby of a hotel in Dublin.
A new sportive in honour of one of Scotland's greatest cyclists, Robert Millar, has been launched.
Immigrants should learn Welsh if they want to live and work in Wales, MPs have said.
The number of patents filed in the UK and the US for technologies that use the brain to improve work and life has more than doubled in the last five years, according to a report.
A surgical bung fell out of a patient's arm during a "never event" operation at a hospital.
Hungary has said it will close its border with Serbia to the thousands of migrants trying to reach Western Europe.
US First Lady Melania Trump's decision to move her son Barron to the White House during Donald Trump's presidency has been widely criticised on social media.
A Conservative AM has accused a Labour AM of "smear and personal attacks" after a Labour AM suggested a forensic investigation into the Welsh Government.
A firefighter has been sacked after a woman died in a house fire which took more than an hour for a fire engine to arrive.
A single sex school in Hampshire is to close.
Acclaimed Welsh artist Gwynedd Williams has revealed she has been inspired by the people she sees in her new paintings.
The value of the virtual currency bitcoin has fallen by more than 10% after the Hong Kong-based Bitfinex exchange said it had been hacked.
England's Scott Gregory has been watching video clips of the Masters pins to help him prepare for his debut at the first major of the year.
When a 19-year-old French woman streamed her death on to the train tracks, she was watched by more than one million people on the video-sharing app Periscope.
A woman who admitted murdering her mother has been detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Tuesday as the dollar strengthened.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June to 3.98 million, the lowest level since records began in 1996.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger suffered his heaviest defeat at Old Trafford as Manchester United produced a scintillating display to thrash the Gunners.
A BBC team has escaped injury after an explosion on Italy's Mount Etna volcano while filming.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been urged to set out his plans for more powers for Scotland in a White Paper.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland could be a future All Blacks coach, says New Zealand Rugby chief executive Darren Brooke.
Benfica thrashed Guimares 5-0 to win the Portuguese title on goal difference.
Four years ago, Paralympic rowing champion Alan Smith had to learn to walk again after suffering a serious spinal injury.
Down secured their first Football League win of the season as they earned a 1-13 to 0-14 victory over Meath at Breffni Park.
Tributes have been paid to a socialist councillor who has died after a battle with cancer.
Tottenham midfielder Andros Townsend has been banned for eight weeks by the Football Association after admitting to a breach of betting rules.
Manchester City Football Club's Etihad Stadium training ground is a noisy, noisy place, with the sound of a football match being played in the background.
The share of Americans with a high school degree or less has fallen in the past year, according to the US Federal Reserve.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron has told the BBC he does not believe gay sex is a "sin", but said he does not " bang on" about his views on the issue.
Housebuilder Barratt Developments has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland over the next five years, with seven new sites.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have demanded "substantial changes" to the Scottish government's draft budget.
A man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park, US officials say.
A Gary Barlow lookalike surprised shoppers in Bristol by serenading them with a rendition of the Take That hit.
Eight people have been injured in a fire in West Dunbartonshire.
Poland's parliament has rejected a bill to ban abortions in cases of rape and incest.
Four men have admitted involvement in the Hatton Garden safe deposit raid in April.
Wales recovered from their opening Six Nations defeat by England to beat Scotland at Murrayfield.
World champion Justin Gatlin won the 100m at the Diamond League meeting in Brussels in a season's best time of 10.07 seconds, ahead of compatriot Christian Coleman.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene, a former government minister and member of the opposition, looks at the controversy over two Yemeni men from Guantanamo Bay.
Senegal were knocked out of the Under-20 World Cup in South Korea after a controversial goal against Ecuador was disallowed.
A 23-year-old man has been shot in the leg in Londonderry.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll will be out for "a significant part" of the season after suffering ankle ligament damage.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has been criticised for taking up a job with US investment bank Goldman Sachs after leaving the EU.
Former world champion Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on Sunday.
Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper Mark Howard will be out for six to eight weeks after breaking his leg against Peterborough United.
Unemployment fell by 39,000 to 1.6 million in the three months to July, official figures show.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by 40% in the last year, figures show.
Sumner Redstone has removed Viacom chief executive Philippe Dauman from the company's board.
The Scottish Football Association says it is in talks with the Scotland Women's national team over terms and conditions after players refused to talk about a pay dispute.
Danish police say a headless torso found off the coast of Copenhagen was "deliberately cut off".
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover came from behind to beat Forest Green 4-3 at the Crabble Athletic Ground.
A woman who stabbed her partner to death in a row over a £50 debt has been jailed for life for murder.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has been accused of involvement in the overthrow of several African leaders in the past.
Fly-half Gareth Davies replaces Dan Biggar for the Ospreys' European Challenge Cup match against Grenoble in France.
An independent school in Surrey is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform.
Scott Sharvin shot a six-under-par 66 in the first round of the Australian Open at Royal Sydney.
A giant road sign has been spotted on a roundabout in Berkshire.
In the run-up to the 70th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the BBC News website asked artists in Africa how free they are to tell their own stories.
In Slievenacloy in County Down, in the Belfast Hills, there is a small area of land that has been covered up by moss and lichen for years.
A woman has died in a two-car crash on the A75 near Dalwhinnie in Dumfries and Galloway.
Storm Doris has caused disruption at airports in the Republic of Ireland.
Britain's Chris and Gabby Adcock reached the final of the All England Badminton Championships in Birmingham.
Super League side Castleford Tigers have signed Cronulla Sharks forward Sione Katoa on a two-year deal.
Former Conservative minister Lord West has said the UK fired a nuclear missile into Wales, BBC Wales has learned.
Craig Stevens has made a pretty penny selling his collection of Star Wars memorabilia.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales manager Chris Coleman's side will be "like a final" in Saturday's World Cup qualifier in Cardiff.
The US justice department is to allow federal agents to record interviews with suspects.
The former Lord Advocate Lord Bracadale has been appointed to review Scotland's hate crime laws as the Scottish government continues to resist calls to scrap the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act.
An under-text of a bible has been found after a £3.5m fundraising campaign.
Ukraine's interim government in Kiev has vowed to defend the country, as pro-government supporters gathered in the centre of the capital to rally against the referendum in Crimea.
Egypt's election commission has overturned its decision to disqualify former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq from the presidential race.
Derby County caretaker head coach Chris Powell says he and the players have to "get on with the job in hand" following the suspension of manager Nigel Pearson.
Dundee have signed Millwall striker Jordan Preston on a two-year contract.
A teaching assistant accused of beating his pregnant ex-girlfriend so badly she lost her unborn baby has told a court he had lied to her about having an abortion.
Former Watford, Aston Villa and England manager Graham Taylor will be remembered for his achievements in the game, but he will also be remembered for his warmth and generosity of spirit.
Asian shares traded mostly higher on Thursday, with Japan's Nikkei seeing its biggest daily gain in two months, as the yen continued to weaken against the dollar.
Police officers in England and Wales are being trained to identify domestic abuse.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has launched the Liberal Democrats' plan for carers in Wales.
Cuba's revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, who has died at the age of 90, was the world's longest-serving head of state.
Middlesbrough moved top of the Championship as Jordan Rhodes scored twice in injury time at Bolton Wanderers.
If you're a fan of a celebrity's scent, it's probably a good idea to ask why they smell so good.
Two more teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Saturday.
The UK and France are expected to announce a deal to tackle the migrant crisis in the port of Calais later.
Scotland's Natasha Brace will make her professional debut at the Manchester Arena on 26 April.
Two previously unpublished manuscripts by Dylan Thomas are to go on display in Swansea.
The musical adaptation of Sue Townsend's Adrian Mole has opened.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a Cardiff tunnel.
Stranraer manager Brian Reid has left the Scottish League One club by mutual consent.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after a series of anti-Semitic tweets.
High-level talks on Greece's 86bn (£60bn; $95bn) bailout have been delayed, as the country's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras faces a backlash from his own MPs.
Six men have been sentenced to death in Chad for the gang rape of a 15-year-old girl in the capital, N'Djamena.
Plans to turn a former Norfolk care home into flats and houses are set to be given the go-ahead.
Members of the NASUWT teaching union in Northern Ireland are to stage a second half-day strike in a dispute over pay.
Netflix has pulled a Bill Cosby comedy special after new allegations of sexual assault against the comedian.
Jeremy Fernandez is a news presenter in Sydney, Australia.
A couple have been reunited with a father's Olympic medal and a watch that were stolen 10 years ago after they were recovered from the River Thames in London.
Liverpool have rejected a second bid from Manchester City for England winger Raheem Sterling.
MSPs are to vote on plans to end tax breaks for sporting estates.
Nour was 10 years old when she was captured by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Mosul.
National League newcomers Ebbsfleet United have signed striker Matt Mills from National League rivals Whitehawk.
The German city of Hamburg has passed a law allowing owners of empty commercial properties to be compensated for the cost of housing asylum seekers.
Warwickshire bowlers Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor have signed new contracts at Edgbaston.
A chatbot has successfully challenged 160,000 parking tickets since it was launched a year ago.
Former Conservative Home Secretary Lord Waddington has died at the age of 86.
A hospital's accident and emergency unit is to get a direct weekday park and ride service in a bid to ease congestion.
The BBC has "strongly refuted" claims it faked footage of iguanas being chased by snakes in an episode of Natural History.
A group of walkers in the Lake District is to receive a grant from the estate of Cumbrian guidebook author William Henry Wainwright.
Millwall boosted their League One play-off hopes with victory at Shrewsbury.
Action camera maker GoPro has said it is cutting 1,000 jobs and closing its entertainment division.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady has lost his bid to move from a high-security psychiatric hospital.
A police watchdog is to investigate the police response to a 72-year-old man who was later found dead at a sheltered housing complex.
Scientists at the University of Reading say the Arctic sea-ice cover in 2016 is likely to be the lowest on record.
Former African champions JS Kabylie of Algeria suffered a heavy 3-0 defeat in the first leg of their African Confederation Cup last-32 tie in Liberia on Saturday.
The County Down-based Norbrook Group has appointed Paul Nagle as its new chief executive.
Arsenal produced a scintillating first-half display to thrash Premier League champions Chelsea at Emirates Stadium.
Three rare white lion cubs have been born at a zoo in Germany.
Tranmere Rovers players Jack Kirby, Jordan Gumbs, Jack Duggan, Jack Ridehalgh, Jack Buxton and Jordan Gumbs have signed new contracts with the League One club.
One of two Police Scotland officers who were injured while carrying out a search at a property in Dumfries has been released from hospital.
A man has suffered serious facial injuries in two separate assaults in Londonderry.
US clothing retailer Abercrombie & Fitch has been criticised on social media for a tweet sent by one of its employees in support of the LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) community.
A couple have been left "completely penniless" after a funeral company went out of business.
Yemen's Shia Houthi rebels have freed a presidential chief of staff they had been holding captive.
A prototype of a helmet designed to reduce the risk of concussion has been developed in Wales.
Bournemouth have signed former Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici on a two-year deal.
Two men who were cleared of involvement in the Omagh bomb have been found liable for the atrocity, the High Court in Belfast has ruled.
The president of the Royal Society has called on the government to guarantee the status of EU citizens in the UK after Brexit.
More than half a tonne of toxic smoke would have been inhaled by people in Scotland if it had not been banned from public places 10 years ago, a study has found.
Bayern Munich thrashed Zenit St Petersburg 5-0 in the Champions League.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was happy with his side's "character and character" after the 19-16 win over Japan in Tokyo.
Super League strugglers Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull KR head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach.
A senior police officer has called for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Glasgow Necropolis.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the government will not stand for hate crime in the wake of the EU referendum.
Plaid Cymru has said it will work with the SNP and the Greens to secure extra funding for Wales.
Kent County Cricket Club have announced a loss for the financial year ending 30 June 2014.
Syrian government forces have retaken the strategic town of al-Qaryatain from Islamic State (IS) militants, the Syrian army says.
The US ambassador to the UK has praised the "special relationship" between the UK and the US, ahead of a group of UK students heading to the US this autumn.
A girl who wrote a story about a chimpanzee has won a competition run by children's author Jacqueline Wilson.
A Mongolian rapper who wears a swastika on stage has said he was beaten by a Russian official at a concert last month.
A pothole may have contributed to the death of a 73-year-old cyclist who came off his bike after hitting a pothole, an inquest jury has concluded.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker missing in the Cairngorms.
Spain have qualified for the men's rugby sevens for the first time after beating Canada in the World Rugby Sevens Series.
The wreckage of a World War Two Spitfire has been recovered from a field in Oxfordshire.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan is directing and starring in her first feature film.
Stade Francais reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals despite losing to Harlequins in a delayed game.
Substitutes Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves gave Juventus a 2-0 lead in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie at 10-man Porto.
Lock Jake Ball says he is looking forward to his first start for Wales since the 2015 World Cup in the Six Nations opener against Italy.
A crowdfund to erect a David Bowie memorial in south London has failed to hit its target.
A man has admitted killing his elderly neighbour after breaking into his home.
Frankie Raymond's late strike earned Dagenham a 1-0 win over York at Victoria Road.
ITV has signed a new three-year deal to keep The X Factor and The Voice in the UK.
Russia will be fined by Uefa for their fans' behaviour at the Euro 2016 match in Marseille on Saturday.
Iraqi government forces and Shia militias have broken a siege of the town of Amerli in northern Iraq, officials say.
Regulators in the US have warned start-ups offering digital coins to investors that they must be registered.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has said her party's promise to scrap tuition fees in Wales was a "mistake".
Kirsty Bankier won her ninth Scottish National Badminton Championships women's doubles title at Glasgow's Emirates Arena.
Wilfried Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast beat Algeria to reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals.
A stunt to launch the latest edition of the Call of Duty video game has been criticised on social media, with gamers accusing the makers of staging a fake terrorist attack.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a new way to tackle the threat of sea lice to Atlantic salmon.
North Korea is holding local elections on Sunday, with the country's leader Kim Jong-un widely expected to be re-elected.
The Chancellor George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour as he delivered his Budget speech.
Olympic champion Laura Trott recovered from a flat start to win the women's individual pursuit title on day one of the British Cycling National Track Championships in Manchester.
Guy Martin has said he has no plans to race on the Honda Fireblade machine this year.
Venezuela's security forces have lifted a curfew in the western city of San Cristobal.
Most people in Scotland want the right to buy a home for social housing tenants to be scrapped, according to the Scottish government.
A new £35m architecture gallery in Liverpool has opened.
The official depth of Loch Ness has been found to be lower than previously thought by a marine expert.
A new school campus in East Ayrshire is to be named after the novelist William McIlvanney, who died in December.
A Scots aid worker who was killed during a rescue mission in Afghanistan five years ago was told by her kidnappers she was not being killed, it has been claimed.
Six Hong Kong police officers have been jailed for six months for beating a protester during the 2014 pro-democracy protests.
A seven-year-old boy who was left in a coma after being hit by a car on the Isle of Wight has started to walk again.
Singer and songwriter Gerry Rafferty has died at the age of 71.
The last Concorde to take to the skies is to be restored in Bristol.
The introduction of the 5p charge for single-use plastic bags in England has been blamed for a factory closure.
Sharia police in Indonesia's Aceh province have ordered two women to be burned alive for having a same-sex marriage.
The Serious Fraud Office has been ordered to pay the legal costs of the case against six men who were cleared of fraud at the Old Bailey in 2014.
For a man who has spent much of the past six months living in lockdown in Sierra Leone, Ibrahima McKinstry's career has been an extraordinary journey.
Scotland's Alex Forsyth says hosting the EuroHockey Championship will help the national side.
Two brothers who owe the Ulster Bank more than £400m have offered to repay their debts in full, the High Court in Belfast has heard.
Growth in the UK's manufacturing sector picked up in May, a survey has indicated, but the sector is likely to act as a drag on the economy in the second quarter.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece international striker Georgios Makris from Greek side Panathinaikos on a four-year deal.
Veteran US actor Eli Wallach, best known for his roles in The Magnificent Seven and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, has died at the age of 93.
Britain's Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will lead the British charge on day one of the US Open in New York on Monday.
Israel has warned its citizens to avoid crowded places in India on New Year's Eve because of a terror threat.
Consumer confidence has fallen to its lowest level in more than 20 years following the UK's vote to leave the EU, a survey suggests.
The ancient citadel in the Syrian city of Aleppo has been destroyed in an explosion, activists say.
Burning the Amazon rainforest every three years may help prevent the loss of trees, a study has suggested.
Two men arrested on suspicion of the murder of a Cambridgeshire pub owner have been released without charge.
A man and a woman have been found dead at a house in Sheffield.
Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed defender Lauren Howard for the Women's Super League One season.
The former Nigerian state governor James Ibori has been awarded £1 damages at the High Court for unlawfully being held in the UK.
The Scottish Football Association has apologised after a scam email claiming to be from the governing body was sent to supporters.
Welsh race walker Laura Davies says she has been "unbelievable" after securing her place at the 2017 World Championships in London.
Former Yorkshire and England seam bowler Norman Appleyard has died at the age of 83.
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to kill himself sent him dozens of text messages urging him to take his own life, a court has heard.
Sam Warburton says he will be "selfish" and "more hungry" after being dropped as Wales captain to be replaced by Alun Wyn Jones for the British and Irish Lions tour.
Five men have been arrested after a 19-year-old was shot dead in Birmingham.
India has rejected a plea by a former Indian navy officer sentenced to death by a military court in Pakistan for "compassionate grounds".
On International Women's Day, the BBC is looking back at the achievements of women in the workplace.
A pilot scheme to use parents to clamp down on illegal parking outside a school has been scrapped after just three months.
Championship strugglers Wigan Athletic have sacked manager Warren Joyce.
A man has been jailed for lying to police about a hit-and-run which killed a 15-year-old boy 12 years ago.
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza beat former champion Francesca Schiavone 6-0 3-6 6-3 in the first round of the French Open.
A left-wing party backing Jeremy Corbyn in the Labour leadership contest has accused the party of trying to "infiltrate" its supporters.
Huge tsunami waves have hit the coast of central Chile after a powerful earthquake.
Coventry City's move from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena 10 years ago was the biggest moment in the club's history.
National League Eastleigh have signed Bury striker Jonny Margetts on a season-long loan deal.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Irish Television Festival.
How much do you pay for the things you use every day?
A pipe bomb found close to a primary school in north Belfast could have killed a member of the public, the police have said.
Papers are reporting that India and China are "on the brink" of a new border stand-off.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Women have signed Sunderland midfielder Jesstaniforth and former Arsenal defender Erin Sjoman.
On the outskirts of Gaza City, in the Jabaliya refugee camp, hundreds of new homes are being built in the name of Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani.
Train operator CrossCountry has shelved plans to cut some of its services north of Edinburgh and north east Scotland.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate tensions in the South China Sea.
The cardinals of the Roman Catholic Church have begun the process of electing a new Pope in the Vatican.
Millions of people in Russia are struggling to pay off loans and mortgages after the country's economic crisis and Western sanctions.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has urged China to allow the value of its currency, the yuan, to rise.
Three people have been rescued after a boat capsized in the River Forth in Aberdeenshire.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom is considering splitting off BT's Openreach division which runs the UK's broadband network.
civil society groups in Niger have filed a legal complaint against the country's former prime minister, accusing him of corruption over a uranium deal.
At least 11 people have been killed in South Africa's Western Cape province as a powerful storm battered the region.
About 500 people have been evacuated in the US state of Tennessee after a freight train derailed and caught fire.
Three-time Paralympic archery champion Sarah-Jane Brown says she will not switch disciplines for the 2016 Games in Rio.
A rugby player was killed in a high-speed race against a sports car, an inquest has heard.
A man who drove a stolen bulldozer into a house in New South Wales, Australia, has been subdued withpepper spray.
Nico Rosberg headed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix as the Williams and Renault cars suffered wheel failures.
Cardiff Blues secured their place in the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Pau in France.
Relatives of babies whose ashes were not given to them by a crematorium are to launch a legal challenge against Shropshire Council.
Prime Minister Theresa May has written to European Council President Donald Tusk to formally notify the European Union of the UK's intention to leave.
The Northern Ireland poultry industry is worth about £1bn a year to the Northern Ireland economy.
French customs officials have seized a masterpiece by the Spanish artist Diego Rivera from a boat in the English Channel.
MPs have invited the former British Cycling coach who delivered a package to Sir Bradley Wiggins to give evidence to them on 22 February.
A man who admitted murdering a Glasgow shopkeeper in a religiously-motivated attack has been jailed for life.
The last two weeks of polling in the referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union have been remarkable.
Leeds Rhinos head coach Brian McDermott says Saturday's Super League Grand Final win gave his players the edge.
New Zealand's Corey Anderson has been ruled out of Somerset's T20 Blast campaign because of a hamstring injury.
Talks to resolve a dispute over a new contract for junior doctors in England have been extended.
Afghanistan and Pakistan have set up a hotline to exchange information on militants crossing the border.
The Sydney Sixers will play Perth Scorchers in the Big Bash final after beating Brisbane Heat in a super over.
Atletico Madrid cut La Liga leaders Barcelona's lead at the top of La Liga to five points with a comfortable win at Athletic Bilbao.
The head of Spain's state rail operator Renfe has said the train that derailed last month, killing 79 people, was travelling at the speed limit.
The funeral of a Manchester attack victim who was a fan of Ariana Grande has been held.
Tammy Beaumont's unbeaten 67 helped Surrey Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds in the Women's Super League.
Championship side Fulham have signed Nuremberg goalkeeper Alexandros Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares have fallen after comments from US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen raised fears of a stock market bubble.
Gloucester beat Cardiff Blues to set up a European Challenge Cup quarter-final against French side La Rochelle.
A sinkhole that swallowed a lorry in a quarry tunnel may have been caused by a collapse in the road, a council has said.
Formula 1 is celebrating the 40th anniversary of Niki Lauda's victory in the world championship, with British driver Jim Hunt the only man to win the title in the sport's history.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a hit-and-run in west Belfast.
Alan Schalk's injury-time winner saw Ross County beat Hibernian in the Scottish League Cup final.
Several dogs are believed to have been deliberately poisoned in a field in Essex.
Wales defence coach Neil Jenkins has defended his side's style of play in the Six Nations.
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi cyhuddiadau o lofruddio yn dweud ei erbyn ddechrau yn y ddalfa yn ei erbyn ddechrau'r bwriad o achosi
UK researchers have created tiny fingerprint-like tags that could be used to verify the authenticity of electronic equipment.
A number of prescription drugs, including sedatives, have been stolen from a pharmacy in Belfast.
England's remarkable victory over South Africa in the first Test at Trent Bridge was a remarkable achievement.
Laura Andrews says she has been "overwhelmed" by the reaction to her British 10,000m qualification win at the London Anniversary Games.
Perched on a hill in a remote corner of northern Turkey, the retreat of the Gulen movement is not the kind of place you would expect to find a man accused of trying to overthrow the government.
Authorities in India have appealed against the acquittal of two men over the death of a British teenager in 2008.
Blind Derek was on his way.
An Ohio woman has been charged with raping and robbing a taxi driver after she called for a ride, police say.
The sister of a Londonderry man who died in China last week has said the family are "devastated".
A collection of paintings by a Scottish artist who was inspired by the sea has gone on display.
Fly-half Camille Lopez kicked France to victory over Scotland in the Six Nations opener in Paris.
Bus drivers in Dorset are set to stage a 48-hour strike in a row over pay.
The Enterprise Minister, Jonathan Bell, has said he will meet management at the Michelin tyre factory in County Antrim on Thursday.
Some of the world's richest countries and Middle East states are not giving enough to help those affected by the crisis in Syria, aid agency Oxfam has said.
The Revenant has swept the board at the Golden Globe Awards, winning three of the seven categories it was nominated for.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone is a man of few words.
A dog has become one of the most travelled animals on EasyJet flights.
The US state of Hawaii has filed a new legal challenge to President Donald Trump's revised travel ban.
The BBC's Reality Check team answers your questions about the EU referendum.
Teaching staff at Swansea University's School of Management have accused the dean and pro-dean of bullying and harassment.
Newcastle hooker Nathan Hughes is one of 11 uncapped players in a 33-man England squad for a pre-season training camp in Brighton next week.
Derbyshire have signed South Africa-born fast bowlers Cotton and Taylor on loan until the end of the season.
The family of Anni Dewani, who was murdered on honeymoon in South Africa a year ago, have held vigils to mark the anniversary of her death.
A copy of the 1916 Proclamation of Independence, signed by seven of the leaders of the Easter Rising, has been sold at auction in Dublin for £12,000.
One of the UK's biggest payday lenders is to pay out £750,000 in compensation to 140,000 customers who took out loans.
Singer Phil Collins has said Joni Mitchell is making "remarkable progress" after suffering a stroke.
Drivers will be charged to drive on the first phase of a network of 20mph speed limits in Edinburgh.
More than 100,000 people missed at least one hospital appointment in Scotland last year, according to new figures.
Only seven of the 100 chief executives in the FTSE 100 are women.
The man in charge of the new home of the Balmoral Show in County Down has said access to the site will be improved within a year.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m (£50m; $64m) to settle a class action case brought by asylum seekers held in a detention centre in Papua New Guinea.
A council has been ordered to pay £50,000 to a man who was sexually abused by a former employee.
A 200 metre-high (656ft) chimney on Southampton Water could be turned into a glass structure.
Josh Taylor says he had to deal with a cut over his left eye during his Commonwealth super-lightweight title win over Jean-Charles Joubert in Glasgow.
A Grade II-listed theatre is to be put up for auction.
Pope Francis has announced that all priests in the Roman Catholic Church will be allowed to forgive the "sin" of abortion.
An Indian couple who claimed to have climbed the world's highest mountain, Mount Everest, have been arrested for "misleading" police.
Manchester City blew a two-goal lead as Burnley came from two goals down to earn a point at Etihad Stadium.
A 77-year-old woman has died in a deliberate house fire in Kilmarnock.
Coffee giant Starbucks has reported a rise in annual profits, but sales growth has slowed.
Former Formula 1 driver Mark Webber is on the verge of clinching the World Endurance Championship in his Porsche.
Nicola Sturgeon has said Scotland "stands ready" to offer sanctuary to refugees as she condemned the UK government's "walk-on-by" attitude to the crisis.
Plans for a £10m specialist cancer palliative care unit at Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Bridgend have been unveiled.
Brighton thrashed Bristol City in the Championship.
A health board has urged people to stay away from A&E departments in Wrexham and Glyndwr.
Barclays has agreed to pay a further $100m (£70m) to the US state of New York over the rigging of the Libor interest rate.
A former Ireland rugby player who lost his sight in one eye and a County Down boy who has cerebral palsy can now play the sport they love.
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup final at Murrayfield.
Crewe Alexandra head coach Steve Davis says the future of the club's younger players is "healthy" after six of the club's secondary scholars signed new contracts.
Exeter Chiefs stunned European champions Saracens to set up a Premiership final against Bath at Twickenham on Saturday.
NHS staff are being asked to stop using Google because the search engine is flagging up suspicious traffic from the health service.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Kashima Antlers 3-2 in extra time to win the Club World Cup.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said he is "heartbroken" waste officers have been searching a landfill site for his son.
The cost of free childcare offered to working parents in Wales could be "considerably higher" than the Welsh Government has estimated, an economist has said.
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear on James Corden's Carpool Karaoke show.
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of the publication of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has opened.
Wigan Warriors half-back Matty Smith says his side want to win a home Super League final after Friday's comeback win at Warrington.
England all-rounder Chris Woakes, batsman Ben Duckett and bowlers Toby Roland-Jones and James Anderson have been named the Wisden Cricketer of the Year.
Six people, including four children, have been injured in a two-car crash in North Yorkshire.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested following the death of an 80-year-old woman in a car crash in County Down.
New Zealand striker Alan Draper scored a hat-trick as The New Saints progressed to the third qualifying round of the Scottish Cup.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said the Welsh Government will have to make "tough decisions" to balance its books, as Labour set out its priorities.
A former youth football coach has been arrested on suspicion of historical child sex offences.
Several Scots have been recognised in the New Year Honours list.
A shortage of nurses in care homes in England is having a "direct impact" on the quality of care, the care regulator says.
A New York court has dismissed drunken driving charges against a woman who claimed she could not legally drive because of a digestive disorder.
Scientists have discovered a genetic mutation in the human genome that appears to be responsible for the development of the human brain.
Tottenham have signed Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record fee of about £16m.
A pizza shop has been ordered to remove a "s stigmatisation" phrase from a delivery to a mental health hospital.
An extra £4.2m has been promised by the Welsh government to repair flood defences damaged by the winter storms.
The five players shortlisted for the first BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award ahead of the Women's World Cup in Canada in June.
Huddersfield Giants secured a top eight finish in Super League with victory over Leigh Centurions.
Rock band U2 have played their biggest ever gig in the Republic of Ireland, with frontman Bono appearing on stage with three of the band's members.
Wales began their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Moldova in Cardiff.
The Met Office has issued an amber "be aware" warning for heavy rain in Northern Ireland.
Police in Iran have arrested seven people after a video of them dancing to Pharrell Williams' song Happy went viral.
The body of a woman who was murdered by her ex-husband was found under rubble in the garden of his brother's house, a court has heard.
The government's plan to reduce air pollution in England has been criticised in a judicial review.
For the first time in the history of the BBC Proms, American guest conductor Marin Alsop led the orchestra in a performance of Elgar's Concerto in the Royal Albert Hall on Friday night.
An Afghan man has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for raping his daughter in the northern city of Mazar-e-Sharif.
An RAF pilot who caused an RAF jet to nosedive after his camera was accidentally pushed into its controls has been jailed for six months.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has launched a propaganda campaign on the encrypted messaging app Telegram.
Iraq's parliament has approved a package of reforms aimed at overhauling the country's political system.
Tanzania beat hosts Kenya 2-1 to win the women'secafa Senior Challenge Cup in Dar es Salaam.
Great Britain's Helen Glover and Heather Stanning retained their Olympic title in the women's lightweight double sculls.
Plans for a bridge across the River Thames in London have been approved.
Premier League strugglers Hull City need to sign a striker in the January transfer window, says assistant manager Billy Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week.
A body set up to advise the Republic of Ireland has voted in favour of legalising abortion on the grounds of rape and fatal foetal abnormality.
Munster have been cleared of any wrongdoing by the Concussion Management Review Group for their treatment of Conor Murray in their defeat by Glasgow.
Funerals have been held in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, for people killed in clashes with security forces on Friday.
A woman with learning difficulties who has six children is to be sterilised, the Court of Protection has ruled.
The six teams shortlisted to design a fire-damaged Georgian mansion have been named by the National Trust.
Britain's Chris Froome finished ninth on the second stage of the Criterium du Dauphine.
Footage has been released of firefighters tackling a blaze at a Norfolk indoor market.
Four men have been charged with terrorism offences by the North East Counter Terrorism Unit.
The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan is one of the most important states in the Middle East, and has played a central role in the Arab Spring.
The UN humanitarian chief has said rebel-held areas of eastern Ukraine have ordered all UN aid agencies to leave the rebel-held city of Luhansk.
India will play in the Champions Trophy in England and Wales in June.
Former Environment Minister Lord Rooker has called for upland areas of the UK to be rewilded to reduce the risk of flooding.
The Flandreau Santee Sioux tribe in South Carolina has burned down a crop of marijuana it had grown on its land.
The Conservatives' Ben Houchen has been elected mayor of the Tees Valley.
The Russian Orthodox Church has rejected a claim by a Crimean chief prosecutor that a bust of the last tsar may contain traces of holy water.
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch, a federal appeals court judge in Denver, to the US Supreme Court.
Fariba Howe is one of the world's leading women in the world of computer security, but she was born and raised in Iran.
Photographs of a railway station which closed 50 years ago have gone on display.
Asian shares fell on Monday after weak manufacturing data from China raised fears of a slowdown in the world's second largest economy.
Police officers have been shot with a Taser after a gang smashed their way into a jewellery store in central London.
Bayer Leverkusen head coach Roger Schmidt has been banned for the second time this season for verbally abusing a player.
The UK's vote to leave the EU and the rise of far-right parties in Austria and Greece have shaken up Europe's political scene.
The Scottish Green Party has won two seats in the local elections in Shetland and Orkney.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist who died after a crash in Edinburgh has been named as Damian Piotrowski.
It's the most dramatic political moment in the history of the UK.
A man from Torfaen is trying to track down a postcard sent from Spain 29 years ago.
Prince Charles has paid tribute to the "forgotten" Scots who died in World War One.
Catalans Dragons have signed former Australia prop Willie Mason on a two-year deal.
US pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has agreed to buy a US biotech firm for $7.8bn (£5.4bn) in a bid to boost its eczema treatment.
A Canadian man kidnapped by Islamist militants in the Philippines has been beheaded, Philippine officials say.
Madonna has revealed the first video from her new album, MDNA, on Snapchat.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma with a penis.
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union.
An elderly man has been subjected to a "cowardly" raid at his home in Glasgow.
The Conservatives have lost their overall majority in the UK general election, but the party in Scotland has had a night to remember.
China's Ding Junhui fought back to beat Spain's Luca Figueiredo 6-5 in the first round of the UK Championship in York.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for the way it communicates with victims of crime in England and Wales.
World number one Angelique Kerber suffered a shock 6-4 6-2 defeat by Zheng Saisai in the second round of the US Open.
A service has been held in Jersey to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Atlantic.
If you're a Doctor Who fan, you'll be excited to hear that the Cassini spacecraft has found evidence of life on another planet.
Hundreds of people gathered in Glasgow's George Square for a street party organised by the Queen.
Welsh actress Angharad Rees has died of pancreatic cancer.
A teaching assistant has been charged over a bomb threat made to a school by a pupil.
National League Macclesfield Town have signed Dover Athletic striker Jack Marsh on a two-year deal.
The Premier League season has come to an end and I have picked my team of the season.
The six people who died in a balcony collapse in the US on Tuesday have been named.
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong after allegations of cheating.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he could reinstate the party's commitment to public ownership in its constitution.
Swansea City midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson says the club's "old Swansea" is back.
Three police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" in a review of how they protect the vulnerable.
Paul Smith suffered his third successive defeat as he lost a unanimous points decision to WBC cruiserweight champion Gervonta Zeuge.
Jim Broadbent is to play a police officer in a BBC One drama about the Great Train Robbery.
The US says it will not drop charges against India's deputy consul general in New York, Devyani Khobragade.
England have won the Under-20 World Cup in Australia.
A human rights activist from the United Arab Emirates has won a prestigious human rights award.
Regional transport in the north of England is in a "state of crisis" and the Chancellor, Philip Hammond, must address it in the Autumn Statement, say five Labour MPs.
Dan Evans reached the third round of qualifying for the Australian Open with a 6-3 3-6 6-3 win over Czech world number 869 Lukas Rosol in Melbourne.
Voting has begun in elections being held in Merseyside.
The body of a seven-year-old boy who died in a river in Perthshire has been found.
A French left-wing politician has called for a ban on meat in school meals in a row over vegetarian options.
Dublin retained their All-Ireland Football title with a 1-17 to 1-14 victory over Mayo in the Croke Park final.
The latest group of Syrian refugees to arrive in Londonderry from the war-torn country have been speaking to BBC Radio Foyle.
A Belarus Para-athletics official has been banned from the Rio Paralympics after he displayed a Russian flag in the Maracana Stadium.
A farmer who killed a 15-year-old boy by backing a tractor into him has been jailed.
Former three-time Tour de France stage winner David Miller has joined the British Cycling National Road Team as an anti-doping adviser.
People living near a rubbish fire which has been burning for more than a week have said it is a "disgrace" it is still burning.
Five men, including radical preacher Anjem Choudary, have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
The idea that light waves can be harnessed to boost data transmission has sparked a fierce debate in the scientific community.
The inquest into the death of mother-of-two Samantha Bevan, who took her own life after giving birth, has highlighted the need for more support for women with mental health problems during pregnancy and after birth.
Worcestershire wicketkeeper Matt Shantry has signed a new contract with the club.
Community hydro power schemes in Wales are calling for business rates relief.
Brighton defender Dale Stephens will miss the start of the Championship play-offs after his appeal against his red card was rejected by the Football Association.
French centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to launch his campaign on Monday, amid a corruption inquiry into his family.
Nearly two-thirds of UK workers have attended work when ill, a survey has suggested.
Residents of a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" and "angry" after a council admitted the cladding on their block failed fire safety tests.
An Indian-born doctor who worked as a junior doctor in Australia has been charged with professional misconduct.
US President Barack Obama has said his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is "unbreakable" after the Israeli leader said he would not accept a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
A woman who changed her name to a man has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl in a garage.
The government's counter-extremism strategy is about to undergo a major overhaul.
The former Northern Ireland Secretary, Lord Alderdice, has warned Prime Minister Theresa May that a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland could be "politically lethal".
The quality of university courses in England is "not good enough", Universities Minister Jo Johnson is to say.
A fossilised skeleton of a meat-eating dinosaur has been sold at auction in the US.
Goalkeeper Luke Blackman saved a late penalty as Wycombe held Blackpool to a goalless draw at Adams Park.
The number of people waiting for mental health treatment in Wales has more than doubled in six years.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall.
More than a third of drivers in the UK have had their vehicles damaged by potholes in the past two years, the AA has said.
Accident rates in 20mph speed zones in Manchester have not fallen as quickly as expected, a report has found.
St Johnstone midfielder Steven Craig has signed a new two-year contract at McDiarmid Park.
Labour can beat the Tories by itself in the general election, Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has said.
A reward has been offered after the body of a racing greyhound was found with its ear cut off in Lancashire.
The trial of a neo-Nazi accused of a string of ethnically-motivated murders in Germany has opened in Munich.
US TV network Univision has said it has ended its business relationship with Donald Trump.
Actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised for his speech at the Golden Globe Awards.
A £150m shopping centre in Newport city centre has opened its doors.
The head of India's central bank has told the BBC that central banks around the world may not be able to do everything they need to.
The Conservatives, the Liberal Democrats and Labour are all promising to clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion.
Hundreds of people are still missing in the towns in central Italy hit by Wednesday's earthquake.
A service to remember the 11 men who died in the Shoreham air disaster is to be held.
Plans to move the office of a police and crime commissioner (PCC) to a new headquarters have been opposed by the chief constable.
The Australian government has announced a A$50m (£27m; $30m) loan package to help drought-hit farmers.
A Texas grand jury has decided not to charge anyone in the case of the death of Sandra Bland, who was found dead in a Texas jail cell in July.
League Two side Crewe Alexandra have signed Scunthorpe United midfielder Paul Nolan on a one-year deal.
China's Liang Wenbo reached the semi-finals of the China Open with a 4-0 win over Thailand's Noppon Ding.
Hampshire coach Dale Benkenstein says all-rounder Gareth Berg could miss the start of the County Championship season with a knee injury.
A woman has told a court she felt as if she was "in a washing machine" after a head-on crash in Aberdeenshire.
Mae penderfyniad yn Sir Gr Cymru wedi ei bod yn penodiad yn dilyn ymddeoliad Wyn Evans, yn l un "hanesyddol", yn l un "hanesyddol" 
Barrow manager Paul Cox has signed a new two-year contract with the relegated National League side.
The UK's most famous chocolate maker, Cadbury, is to stop using the Fairtrade mark on its products.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the US National Critics Book Prize for her third novel, Americanah.
A Rangers fan has been fined for hitting a Celtic fan with a bottle during a match.
The US government has stepped up security for Sunday's Super Bowl in the San Francisco Bay area, amid fears of a Paris-style attack.
Fabrice Muamba was "dead" when he collapsed during Bolton's FA Cup tie with Tottenham, the club's cardiologist, Dr Jonathan Tobin, has told the BBC.
A 50-year-old man has died in Galloway.
Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg set the fastest time in the first day of pre-season testing in Barcelona.
art critic Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the most influential person in the art world.
Oil giant Shell has said it will remove an advert for its petrol station in Malaysia after a cardboard figure of a woman was sexually harassed by men.
Mae nifer ysgolion yn cynnydd ei ddefnyddio yn uwchradd yn l i'r drefn o gategoreiddio, yn l Fy Ysgol Leol yn Llywodraeth Cymru
"Vegetable oil is the food of the future," says Prof Peter Benton.
Worcestershire lost six wickets on the third day of their County Championship Division Two match against Kent at Canterbury.
North Korea says it has successfully tested a submarine-launched ballistic missile with a nuclear warhead, state media say.
The Information Commissioner's Office has warned of an increase in fraudsters trying to steal people's pension savings.
The High Court has been adjourned until the autumn to consider a challenge to a decision not to refer two brothers to a judge for breaching a deal to testify against a loyalist murder victim.
Trading standards officers are warning young people not to buy Halloween contact lenses that look like Twilight or The Vampire Diaries.
One of the 25 workers arrested in raids at the Byron restaurant chain has been deported from the UK.
National League Eastleigh have signed Staines Town midfielder Jack Cole.
Game of Thrones actress Gwendoline Christie is to appear in the BBC's Top of the Lake: China Girl.
The Newry-based financial technology firm, First Derivatives, made pre-tax profits of £25m in the six months to the end of March.
A burglar has been banned from entering alleyways in Manchester.
The Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is to meet Prime Minister David Cameron in London later to discuss the UK's future in the EU.
The "scale and extent" of undercover policing in Scotland is to be reviewed, the Scottish government has announced.
Lazio have been banned from playing their next two Europa League matches behind closed doors.
A US judge in New York has ruled that a law used to force Apple to help the FBI access data on a phone is unconstitutional.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes with protesters.
Injured Ospreys and Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has signed a new two-year contract with the region.
A four-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a Staffordshire bull terrier.
Defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with Bolton Wanderers.
A restored carriage used to transport Winston Churchill's body to his final resting place has been unveiled in County Durham.
A nude photo of thousands of people painted blue in Hull as part of the city's year as UK City of Culture is to go on display.
Recordings of a family's Christmas and New Year celebrations have been released by the Museum of London.
UKIP has complained to Kent Police about a joke on the BBC's Have I Got News for You about party leader Nigel Farage.
Engineers have built a tentacle inspired by the octopus that could be used in surgery.
The world's most famous steam locomotive has returned to a North Yorkshire railway.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a performance of Lord of the Dance by choreographer Peter Flatley.
Three rural radio shows are to move to a Pembrokeshire studio, BBC Wales understands.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies operating in the waters around the Falkland Islands.
The last flying Vulcan bomber has flown over its final home in Greater Manchester.
Energy Secretary Amber Rudd has been talking about a report by the Institute of Directors which says up to £500m could be lost if the UK votes to leave the EU.
An app that uses facial recognition technology to identify people has been launched in the US.
Rory McIlroy finished in a tie for second as Japan's Hideki Matsuyama claimed a record-breaking victory in Shanghai.
A search for a kayaker off the west coast of Ireland has been declared a hoax.
Facebook has announced that it is to let other apps and services integrate directly into its Messenger service.
The world's second biggest economy is coming to the UK for a state visit.
The US is to send special forces troops to Iraq to target Islamic State (IS) militants, US Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of pro-democracy and human rights groups in Cairo and Alexandria.
Tucked away in a corner of the Insectarium at the Natural History Museum in London, the fly killer is not your average insectarium.
A cyclist has been airlifted to hospital after crashing on a beach in Bridgend county.
Thousands of Little Mix fans in Belfast have been left disappointed after the band cancelled a concert due to Jesy Nelson being ill.
Work has begun on a memorial to the Spitfire at the Battle of Britain National Memorial Centre.
Stefan Owens scored two tries as Widnes Vikings held on to beat Warrington Wolves.
South Africa is one of the world's most popular holiday destinations, but there are plenty of other things to see and do.
League Two side Leyton Orient have signed Chesterfield midfielder Yann Kermorgant for an undisclosed fee.
(Close): The tech-heavy Nasdaq index has seen its biggest one-day fall in more than a year as the dollar strengthened.
In a tiny cell in the grounds of the Sri Lankan embassy in the Saudi capital, Riyadh, I am talking to a group of Sri Lankan women.
US President Barack Obama has said the US Supreme Court's decision to uphold his signature healthcare law is a "victory for the American people".
A man who escaped from police custody in Belfast 40 years ago has been jailed for six months for escaping.
Tens of thousands of Coptic Christians have held a vigil in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to mourn the death of Pope Shenouda III.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found in a car boot in Derbyshire.
Jeremy Corbyn's "marrow moment" at the start of the Labour Party conference was the moment he was photographed with a giant carrot in his hand.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says England striker Marcus Rashford will have to "adjust" to Euro 2016.
MPs have rejected an attempt to amend the Marriage Bill to legalise same-sex marriage in England and Wales.
A chemistry laboratory and a restaurant have been closed after a fire at Cardiff University.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet earned a convincing victory at League Two strugglers Leyton Orient.
The number of drug users in Wrexham has dropped dramatically in the last decade, and the town's drug problem is now more visible than ever.
Elections in Tanzania's Zanzibar archipelago have been cancelled because of widespread irregularities, the electoral commission chairman has said.
A record number of jobs were created in Wales by overseas firms last year, new figures have shown.
A fact-finding mission has concluded that the nerve agent Sarin was used in an attack on a rebel-held town in Syria in April that killed more than 80 people.
A militant group linked to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has announced that it has kidnapped 20 soldiers in Yemen.
A World War One veteran has been reunited with his suit after it was accidentally taken by a woman at a remembrance ceremony for the Gallipoli campaign.
British Athletics says it is "disappointed" Paralympic champion David Weir has said he is retiring from road racing.
Up to 76 jobs could go at Shrewsbury and Telford College.
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) is investigating an allegation of malpractice in a Northern Ireland A2 exam.
Ed Sheeran has surprised fans by playing two sets at the Isle of Wight Festival.
As a rebel in Sierra Leone during the country's civil war, Ibrahim Kargbo was one of the first people to die from the Ebola virus.
The Conservative MP for Brentwood and Ongar, Sir Eric Pickles, is to stand down as an MP at the general election.
Defending champions Paris St-Germain suffered their first Ligue 1 defeat of the season at Lyon.
Juventus defender Leonardo Bonucci has signed a new five-year contract with the Serie A champions.
The wearable tech industry is about to take off.
Pope Francis has approved a second miracle attributed to the Roman Catholic nun Mother Teresa.
Two unexploded World War Two bombs found on a beach in Nairn have been destroyed in a controlled explosion.
The value of second hand Volkswagen cars in the UK has fallen since the emissions-rigging scandal was revealed a year ago.
Facebook's chief executive has become the latest high-profile figure to back Apple in the encryption row.
The body of one of the first victims of the AirAsia plane that crashed into the Java Sea has been handed over to her family.
Oban Camanachd edged out Kilmallie 4-3 in the quarter-finals of the Camanachd Cup and Lochaber and Kyles Athletic will meet in the last four.
Two police officers have been killed in a shootout in eastern Belgium during anti-terror raids, officials say.
Night-vision equipment is to be used to catch dog walkers who fail to clear up after their pets in Stafford.
A drunk squirrel ran into a railway club bar and drank some of its beer.
The Scottish government is to be asked to confirm whether Police Scotland broke rules on spying on journalists.
A US man who spent 22 years in prison for a murder he says he did not commit will not face a retrial after prosecutors dropped the case.
More than 200 businesses in an Edinburgh city centre have been found to be illegally disposing of trade waste.
The families of two prisoners who killed themselves at a Buckinghamshire jail have asked the High Court for a judicial review.
The Red Arrows fleet will be replaced "in the next year or two", Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
A "dying man" with motor neurone disease has written to politicians to urge them to change the law on assisted dying.
Defender Glen Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with Stoke City.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli says he was racially abused by Bastia fans during his side's 2-0 Ligue 1 win on Friday.
Members of the RMT union on Virgin Trains East Coast have voted in favour of strike action.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks after having ankle surgery.
"Suggest a job for Nigel Farage".
More than a third of bee colonies in 17 European countries died last year, according to a survey of honey bees.
The body of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un, has been released to his family, Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak has said.
The United Nations has ended a controversial campaign with Wonder Woman after a backlash over the choice of the character.
A man has been rescued after his yacht was badly damaged in an explosion at sea in Argyll.
A pro-refugee housing campaigner has been found to have racially aggravated four people at a rally by shouting "white bastards".
A five-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire.
People in Liverpool should pay more to maintain the city's parks and open spaces, a report has said.
Nigeria has shut down a radio station supporting the creation of a breakaway state of Biafra.
A former soldier who was once homeless has been recognised in the New Year Honours list.
US defence giant Boeing has successfully tested a portable laser gun.
A teenager who was stabbed to death in a north London park has been named as Daniel Appleton.
The Premiership title race looks set to go down to the final day of the season as leaders Crusaders travel to Glenavon.
Former Liverpool striker Jim St John says he has been diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
BBC Radio 5 live and BBC Radio 5 live sports extra
A new portrait of Mozart has been unveiled in the north-east of England.
Hundreds of 'Boris bikes' are to be rolled out in Leicester.
India beat Sri Lanka by 259 runs in the second Test in Visakhapatnam to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series.
A golf tournament held at a course owned by US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is to be moved to Mexico City.
The Scottish government's plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in Scotland have been hit by a series of legal challenges.
Rock star Sir Rod Stewart has led tributes to Status Quo's Rick Parfitt, who has died at the age of 68.
A rise in Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) will mean car insurance premiums will rise by an average of £24 a year, the AA has warned.
Queens Park Rangers continue to score from set-pieces in the Championship, with their 11th goal of the season coming in a 1-1 draw at Birmingham.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon and Motherwell counterpart Stephen Robinson are both happy with their pre-season preparations for the Scottish League Cup.
The vice-chancellor of the University of Aberdeen has called on the Scottish government to abandon plans to change the role of the rector.
Peter Whittingham has been offered a new contract by Cardiff City.
A rig is set to begin the first phase of the decommissioning of the Beatrice field in the North Sea.
Defending champion Mark Selby says he is not yet at his best as he prepares for the World Championship quarter-finals.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police over claims she received public money improperly.
Plymouth Argyle's Ryan Kelly has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for allegedly kicking a ball boy in the side's 2-1 defeat by Portsmouth.
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed Liverpool striker Joel Ekstrand on loan until the end of the season.
A sculpture of musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in Hull as part of the city's year as UK City of Culture.
A mobile phone stolen during a Libertines concert has been recovered by police using a tracking app.
A woman has died after being hit by a train at a level crossing in Suffolk.
Eamonn O'Donnell has said he was "ridiculously" nervous about taking part in Strictly Come Dancing.
The Women's World Cup kicks off in Germany on Friday, and the competition to become the 'psychic' octopus for the tournament has begun.
National League strugglers Conwy Bay have sacked manager Paul Lynch.
A 25-year-old man has won the men's title at the World Conker Games for the first time.
A driver who tied a sofa up in the boot of a car has been stopped by police.
At the Paris Air Show this week, a stealth fighter aircraft, the size of a fighter jet, is on display.
What is the best street food in London?
The US has criticised the UN Human Rights Council, accusing it of bias against the US and other countries.
The Church of England is to stop investing in fossil fuel companies.
Swansea City head coach Francesco Guidolin says his side can avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Manchester United's hopes of reaching the Europa League quarter-finals were all but ended by a 2-0 defeat at Olympiakos in the first leg of their last-16 tie.
The US has urged Pakistan to treat the attack on an Indian air force base "exactly the way" it has said it will.
An Indian woman who says she was married at "gunpoint" in Pakistan has returned to India.
The Liberal Democrats have lost three seats in the Highlands and the Western Isles in the general election.
Madagascar's parliament has voted to impeach the president, Hery Rajaonarimampianina.
England captain Alastair Cook hit the highest Test score of his career as his side reached 631-7 on the third day of the first Test against Pakistan.
Two days of strike action by college lecturers in Glasgow have been suspended in a dispute over pay.
When the news of a British citizen being killed in Syria by so-called Islamic State (IS) is confirmed, there are a number of questions.
A bouncy castle believed to be the world's biggest will attempt to break the record at a music festival.
A suspected firearm has been found in west Belfast.
Two 13-year-old boys have been sentenced to 10 years in jail for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl in Indonesia.
Mexico's interior minister, Miguel Angel Galindo, has been sacked over the deaths of 43 suspected criminals in a police raid.
Flight bookings systems used by airlines and travel agents are vulnerable to attack, warn security researchers.
Morale in the police in England and Wales is lower than in the armed forces, a survey by the Police Federation suggests.
Super League leaders Leeds Rhinos moved to the top of the table with victory at Salford Red Devils in windy conditions.
Oxford's A40 is to be made a two-way road again when a new shopping centre opens next year.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) says it is "fully committed" to touring Bangladesh in October despite the deadly attack in the country.
A council chief executive arrested as part of an investigation into witness intimidation has stepped down from his post.
David Cameron is to hold talks with the leaders of Spain, France and Germany as he seeks to win support for his plan to renegotiate the UK's relationship with the EU.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has told his players to be ready for Tranmere Rovers on Saturday.
A giant "corpse flower" at Edinburgh's Botanic Garden is expected to bloom.
The world heavyweight title rematch between Tyson Fury and Wladimir Klitschko will go ahead in Manchester on 29 October despite the British boxer facing a doping charge.
A woman has admitted murdering three men whose bodies were found in Peterborough.
A drone that can be controlled by a person's brain has been developed.
Demolition work on the site of the collapsed Didcot A Power Station in Oxfordshire in which four men died is to be completed.
The Prosperous Justice Party (PDI-P) has claimed victory in Indonesia's parliamentary elections.
The world's two biggest brewers, Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev and rival SABMiller, have said they have reached a deal on a takeover.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced a £250m programme to improve tennis courts in Britain.
The South West of England is to receive the biggest share of a fund to tackle the issue of affordable housing, the government has announced.
The world's top poker players are facing off against an artificial intelligence program in a tournament in the US.
Two men who admitted the murder of a Chinese takeaway restaurant owner in Ballymena, County Antrim, have been jailed for life.
Islamic State (IS) fighters have attacked government-held areas in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour in a major assault.
A former French teacher in Vietnam has been sentenced to three years in jail for "subversion" of state secrets.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup in Brazil.
The UK music industry saw record revenues rise in 2016, according to the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
Uber has agreed to pay $50m (£40m) to settle two class action lawsuits in the US.
rangers are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park in South Africa.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey.
A man who raped and killed a 12-year-old girl 40 years ago has been jailed for life.
South Sudan's president has sacked the entire cabinet in a surprise move.
A Russian spacecraft that was due to deliver supplies to the International Space Station (ISS) has fallen out of control.
In a schoolroom in the Zaatari refugee camp in Lebanon, a group of Syrian children are building a house.
Two people have died after a yacht ran aground on rocks near Cape Town in South Africa.
Heavy rain caused flooding in parts of Norfolk, the fire service has said.
The Scottish SPCA has warned of the dangers of antifreeze after the death of a cat in Glasgow.
A minor-league baseball team in the US state of Utah has apologised for a "Caucasian Heritage Night" promotion in the wake of the Charleston church shooting.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a Milton Keynes woman who has been missing since Sunday.
What do you do if you're a pop star and you're sick with the flu?
Two men have died in a crash on the A713 in South Ayrshire.
When Leicester City won the Premier League title a year ago, the city was abuzz with the prospect of a new chapter in its history.
Nick Gubbins hit a century as Middlesex dominated day three against Somerset at Taunton.
Labour leadership contender Ed Miliband has said the 2003 Iraq war was a "stain" on the country but has not apologised for the decision to go to war.
A hen party had to be rescued after their speedboat got stuck in mud on a river.
Harry Potter actor Paul Bradley has filmed his first scenes as the first Doctor Who companion, Rory Hartnell.
The European Commission is to recommend that the planned new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset should go ahead.
Police have released a "very detailed" image of one of the three men who tortured a man and woman in their Kent home.
Work has started to restore a Grade II-listed market hall in Llandudno.
The government's plans to reduce the use of police stop and search powers in England and Wales are being delayed, BBC Newsnight has learned.
New Glentoran chairman Roy Haveron has urged his players to show pride and passion when they host Irish Premiership leaders Linfield on Saturday.
Doctors in north Wales have voted against plans to downgrade maternity services at a Denbighshire hospital.
Dundee manager Neil McCann cancelled his players' day off on Monday after Saturday's Scottish Challenge Cup win over Inverness CT.
The Slovak Republic was formed after the fall of the communist regime in the Czech Republic in the wake of the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.
Manager Nigel Clough says Burton Albion have not ruled out signing former Derby County defender Ben Barker.
A County Durham bowling pavilion is to be turned into a tourist attraction.
England women secured their place at Euro 2017 with a comfortable win over Belgium in Group 7.
Google has shut down its internet-beaming drone project, Titan Aerospace.
A 25-year-old man has escaped from custody by jumping from a window at a hospital in Manchester.
Frank Pantridge, the Belfast doctor who invented the portable defibrillator, was a man with a mischievous streak and a low opinion of authority.
Great Britain's British Lionhearts lost the World Series of Boxing (WSB) final 5-0 to Cuba.
Championship side Oldham Roughyeds stunned holders Hull KR to reach the sixth round of the Challenge Cup.
The mayor of the Iranian capital Tehran has said the notorious Evin prison complex is to be turned into a park.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a van in Edinburgh.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has admitted it dropped a rape case against a 15-year-old girl at the centre of the Rochdale grooming gang.
Most people think of cardiac arrest as an attack on the heart during exercise.
BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra have seen their share of the London radio audience fall, according to the latest ratings from Rajar.
The work of a Scottish philosopher is to be celebrated at a festival in the Borders.
Bundesliga side Schalke have appointed 19-year-old Brazilian Domenico Tedesco as their new head coach.
Celtic have been fined 10,000 euros (£8,200) by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League match against Fenerbahce.
A stretch of the towpath on the River Dee in Flintshire is to close to the public for six weeks for repairs.
The Scottish Professional Football League has updated its rules on tackling crowd trouble.
The Maoist insurgency in India began as a small rebel movement in the eastern state of West Bengal in the 1960s.
Scientists have developed a tape recorder that can record the history of a living cell.
Fourteen-time Paralympic champion Dame Sarah Storey won her 15th world title in the women's time trial at the Para-cycling Road World Championships.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been sentenced to 18 months in jail for bribery.
The Queen's Speech has set out plans for the UK to become a "world leader" in space and a "world-leading" economy.
Two crocodiles have been shot in a national park in Australia after a boy was snatched by a 4m (13ft) saltwater crocodile.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must "win the war" in Monday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Switzerland in Basel.
A new suicide prevention app has been launched in the north east of Scotland.
Two County Londonderry men have been given suspended jail sentences for illegally storing tyres as sea defences.
Sri Lanka beat Australia by 169 runs in Pallekele.
Powerful Typhoon Hagupit is heading towards the Philippine capital, Manila, after battering the country's east coast.
Fast bowler Boyd Rankin has retired from Test cricket to return to Ireland.
When Zinedine Zidane was appointed as Real Madrid's new head coach in February 2016, he inherited a team in crisis.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced the major changes to county cricket for the summer of 2016.
The trustees of a Hampshire town say it will cost about £100,000 to repair a 19th Century stone cross which was hit by a car.
The Indian Ocean island of Reunion is a French overseas department in the Indian Ocean.
The Trump administration has said the US will not see eye to eye with Russia on issues such as Syria and Ukraine.
England's Justin Rose carded a one-under-par 69 to move within two shots of leader Rickie Fowler after the third round of the Wells Fargo Championship.
Alan Stubbs has left Hibernian to become Rotherham United's head coach.
As a young farmer, Othman Ibrahim was forced to flee his home in northern Iraq when the Mosul Dam collapsed in the summer of 2014.
David Gold has had a Twitter lesson in how not to retweet.
Thousands of Christmas turkeys, ducks and chickens have been stolen from a butcher's shop during a break-in.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka returned to competitive tennis for the first time since the birth of her son with a three-set win on Wednesday.
Super League champions Leeds Rhinos say it will be six months before they can return to their flood-hit training ground at Kirkstall.
Six teenagers have died of carbon monoxide poisoning after a birthday party in a wood-burning hut in southern Germany, police say.
The fight against the so-called Islamic State (IS) group will not be won unless corruption is tackled, a report says.
World champion Lewis Hamilton says the battle between Mercedes and Ferrari will be "close" this season.
Scientists have detected a hotspot at the top of the atmosphere of Jupiter, suggesting the planet's storms generate the heat.
Super League club Bradford Bulls have been granted full membership of the Rugby Football League by the RFL board.
Leicester Riders are looking to add the British Basketball League and Women's British Basketball League titles to the Premier League they won on Monday.
Kilmarnock moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hearts at Rugby Park.
The UK is lagging behind other European countries in terms of health, a report says.
Two people have been arrested after a car was shot at by police near the finish line of the Tour de France in Paris.
UK retail sales volumes rose in November as shoppers took advantage of Black Friday discounts, official figures show.
A race has been won by the wrong horse after a trainer presented the wrong horse to stewards.
The UK's former cabinet secretary Gus O'Donnell has said the UK could stay in the EU after the UK voted to leave.
At least 28 people have been killed in a fire at a plastics factory in Bangladesh, officials say.
The French president has laid a wreath at the site of a former Nazi concentration camp in the north-east of France, where about 20,000 people were killed.
A former Google employee accidentally took over the search giant's website google.com.
Calls for a public inquiry into the policing of the so-called Battle of Orgreavegreave coking plant during the miners' strike in 1984 have been made.
Stevie Johnson's injury-time winner earned Motherwell victory at Inverness Caley Thistle.
A Northern Ireland-born billionaire, Chuck Feeney, has died at the age of 83.
A Conservative MP has been reselected as the party's general election candidate after a "vicious smear campaign".
Some companies in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) and Bangalore have declared a holiday on Friday to celebrate the release of a new film starring superstar Rajinikanth.
Former NBA basketball star Lamar Odom is in a Las Vegas hospital after being found unconscious at a Nevada brothel.
There was a moment in Brussels this week when I thought the European Union was on the verge of two big deals.
Sir Bradley Wiggins says he stands by his claim in a 2012 book that he had "never had an intravenous needle injection".
A new population of rare spiderlings has been released in Suffolk.
Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi's opposition National League for Democracy (NLD) has named its two candidates for vice president, as the country prepares to elect a new government.
A 19-year-old American student is teaching a computer to diagnose breast cancer.
Both Sudan's state TV and South Sudan's state TV are claiming victory in the battle for the oil-rich town of Heglig in South Sudan.
Hundreds of people have objected to plans to build up to 500 homes in a Leicestershire village.
The rise in the number of EU workers in the UK has been criticised by pro-Brexit campaigners as evidence of a "shameful situation" for British workers.
Scottish artist Robert Simpson has won the prestigious John Moores Painting Prize for the first time.
A suspected kidnapper who was arrested in Nigeria has filed a law suit against the police.
Striker Kyle Paterson says Northern Ireland are to blame for their 2-0 World Cup qualifier defeat by Azerbaijan in Baku.
The chairman of the Irish parliament's finance committee has said it is "disappointing" that the Republic of Ireland's finance minister has not agreed to appear before it.
A burst water main flooded a railway station in south-west London.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering abdication, Japanese media say.
A company has been refused permission to drill a controversial borehole in County Fermanagh to test for shale gas.
MPs should be allowed to serve as ministers in the Welsh assembly, the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Wales has said.
Some UK universities are considering opening branches in the European Union after the UK leaves the EU.
People who nap during the day may be at increased risk of type-2 diabetes, Japanese researchers say.
Great Britain's men's wheelchair ice hockey team have missed out on qualifying for the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
Police in Northern Ireland are to examine a bullet lodged in the body of a man shot dead by the army in 1972 as part of an investigation into the army's use of lethal force during the Troubles.
Trainspotting author Irvine Welsh and novelist Irvine Kelman are among the nominees for this year's Scottish Book Awards.
Most players will admit to going the extra mile for their team in the derby matches.
The pace of house price growth in the East of England has been the fastest in the UK, official figures show.
Nurses and midwives in London are being "pushed out" of the capital by the cost of living, the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has said.
Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend Karrueche Tran has said she's had enough of the "drama" in his life.
A woman found dead in a Texas jail cell last week told a guard she had tried to kill herself in the past, a sheriff has said.
The countdown to the start of the new year in the United Nations headquarters in New York is under way, with the organisation's first ever public hustings.
N-Dubz have arrived at the Mobo Awards 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556.
Six people have been arrested in a drugs raid in Gloucester.
Stephen Cook has been included in South Africa's squad for the fourth Test against England in Port Elizabeth starting on Thursday.
A "significant number" of anti-fascist protesters who took part in a counter-demonstration were intent on violence, Sussex Police has said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan.
The area of glaciers in the French Alps has shrunk by more than a quarter in the last 40 years, a new survey shows.
A buy-to-let property tycoon is being investigated over claims he banned potential tenants because of their curry smell.
A freight train has derailed and exploded in a village in Bulgaria's north-east, a railway spokesperson says.
A man has admitted stealing a woman's handbag after she fell to her death from a motorway bridge.
Lewis Hamilton was crowned Formula 1 world champion at the United States Grand Prix.
The family of a nine-year-old boy who was killed in a hit-and-run crash on the Greek island of Zakynthos have said they are "devastated" after his killer was given a suspended sentence.
A replica of the original puppet of Lady Penelope from TV show Thunderbirds is to be sold at auction for charity.
The GCSE exam system in England is to be overhauled in the biggest shake-up in a generation, the exams regulator, Ofqual, has announced.
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has sacked coach Stephen Keshi after the Super Eagles failed to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
The government is preparing to introduce new curbs on public services to limit the impact of EU migrants coming to the UK, Downing Street has said.
The son of a vicar has been jailed for 12 years for trying to groom a 15-year-old girl for sex.
Waiting times in accident and emergency departments in England have improved for the first time in six months, NHS England figures show.
Education Secretary Michael Gove has condemned the removal of three children from the care of a couple who are members of UKIP in Rotherham.
A tennis fan in Aberdeen has placed a £125,000 bet on Andy Murray to win the Australian Open, bookmaker Ladbrokes has said.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in Cathcart.
The former governor of the northern Mexican state of Tamaulipas, Tomas Yarrington, has been arrested.
Colchester twice came from behind to earn a draw against 10-man Chesterfield.
London's Tower Bridge is to close to traffic for six weeks for essential maintenance work.
Sir Tom Jones is to return to The Voice UK.
Enid Blyton's famous five-year-old sleuths, the Famous Five, are to return in a new series for adults.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed.
A reality TV show has given a town a "sexy image", tourism bosses have warned.
A man has been arrested over the disappearance of a baby in north London in 2007.
Facebook has bought hundreds of patents from Microsoft after the software giant sold them to AOL.
Tommy Bowe made his return from injury as he played for Ulster A against Leinster A on Thursday night.
US President Donald Trump has denied he has recordings of his conversations with former FBI director James Comey.
The Welsh Conservatives would protect the NHS budget for the lifetime of the assembly, the party's leader has said.
Craig Levein has backed head coach Ian Cathro to be a "real success" at Hearts, but says the players need time to get used to his style of play.
Volunteers are being asked to help tackle the number of grass fires in south Wales.
Barack Obama's presidential library will be built in his hometown of Chicago, according to US media reports.
Toyota has raised its annual profit forecast on the back of a weaker yen and a tie-up with smaller rival Suzuki.
A woman who was denied a passport after adding the middle name of Star Wars villain Luke Skywalker has had the document cancelled.
Two sisters have appeared in court charged with terror offences.
Ciara Mitchell and Stephen Kirk-Smith won titles at the Northern Ireland Athletics Championships in Santry on Saturday.
Holders Rangers will face either Hibernian or Dundee United in the Scottish Cup semi-finals, while Celtic will face Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
The death of a baby girl at a hospital in the southern Pakistani city of Karachi is a tragedy which has shocked the country.
The families of four men who died when a wall collapsed at a recycling plant have said they are still waiting for answers a year on.
Scottish League Two leaders East Stirlingshire eased to victory over Stenhousemuir.
Coventry City Council has been criticised for taking more Syrian refugees than any other local authority in the West Midlands.
A Nigerian man who tried to bring down a US airliner on Christmas Day 2009 with a bomb in his underwear has been sentenced to life in prison.
Travel firm Tui has said the attack on a beach in Sousse in Tunisia in March was the "most tragic event" it has ever had to deal with.
A World War Two bomblet has been found on a beach in East Lothian.
The US Supreme Court appears to be heading for a tie in a dispute between the Obama administration and Christian groups over a requirement to provide contraception.
An attempt to cross the Pacific Ocean using a solar-powered plane has been halted.
Celtic's 13-year-old midfielder Karamoko Dembele has become the club's youngest-ever player after making his debut on Monday.
Kidderminster Harriers chairman Peter Brown says caretaker boss Colin Gordon should be the club's head coach.
Several US radio stations have been hacked to broadcast an "obscene" and "sexually explicit" podcast by a group of "furries".
Manchester City ended Manuel Pellegrini's first season in charge with a draw at Swansea City to finish fourth in the Premier League.
American Bubba Watson leads after the first round of the Shenzhen International.
Michael Doughty's injury-time equaliser earned Swindon Town a point in Mark Williams' first game in charge of Millwall.
Labour has called on Theresa May to explain why cuts to police numbers in England and Wales were linked to the London terror attack.
Former Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 82.
Thousands of people have joined together to light up Coventry Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of the bombing of the city.
The composer, lyricist and musician Robin Sarstedt, who wrote Where Do You Go To (My Lovely), has died at the age of 74.
Former children's laureate Anne Blackman is to be the first black author to have a children's book turned into a six-part BBC One drama.
Six men have been charged with a string of sexual offences in Rotherham.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany will have a scan on a calf injury on Friday.
Oil giant BP has withdrawn "fewer than a dozen" of its non-essential staff from Libya.
The education secretary's speech to the National Association of Head Teachers was meant to be a chance for her to reassure head teachers in England that the government is listening to them.
A ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry has been evacuated after a "bed pan washer" caught fire.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of celebrity bodyguard Hayden Panettiere in east London.
The mother of a teenager who took his own life after being bullied on social media has launched a scheme to help other children.
The actor who plays Charlie Harper in US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show.
The UK and Norway have signed a deal to connect electricity generated in Norway to the UK network.
A man who offered to drive people to and from Manchester and Leeds in the wake of the Manchester Arena attack has said he has been overwhelmed by the support he has received.
The authorities in South Africa are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park on Tuesday.
The general election campaign in Northern Ireland has been a mixed bag.
Ipswich Town scored three goals in nine first-half minutes as they eased to victory over QPR at Portman Road.
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is spiralling out of control.
Sixteen petrol bombs have been found in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched the second version of its Earth-observation satellite.
Scotland's largest fishing industry body has said the UK should leave the European Union.
A man has died in a crash between a bus and a private ambulance that was on its way to hospital.
Barcelona winger Ivan Raktic has agreed a five-year contract with Manchester City.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's match against Ross County is the biggest of his career.
A Fife man has been left devastated after flash flooding damaged his cars for a second time.
East Dunbartonshire Council has been criticised in a report by the public spending watchdog.
A man who raped a woman 30 years ago has been jailed for 12 years.
He is one of China's best-known inventors, but Zhou Youguang is a man of few words.
League Two side Stevenage have signed striker Shaun Hyde on a one-year deal.
Sheffield's Crucible Theatre and the Royal Shakespeare Company are leading the nominations for this year's Critics' Circle Theatre Awards.
Steven Naismith says he has no intention of leaving Norwich City under new manager Daniel Farke.
Stem cells have been used to restore the hearing of deaf animals.
Work has started on a new shopping centre in Oxford.
Tunisians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament in the first election since the overthrow of President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in a popular uprising in 2011.
Johnny Cash's son Carter Cash has announced the release of a new album of previously unheard recordings by his father.
Bad experiences in the first 1,000 days of life - such as abuse, neglect or domestic violence - can lead to health problems later in life, research suggests.
A former Celtic kit man is to stand trial accused of child sex offences.
Four Scots have been named in the Great Britain athletics team for the Rio Olympics.
Port Vale have sacked manager Bruno Ribeiro after Saturday's 3-0 defeat by Chesterfield.
Secondary schools in England are facing a "feast or famine" for school libraries, a teachers' union has heard.
Mae Heddlu Llundain wedi cadarnhau bellach o bobl yn oriau mn fore Mercher, yn l un o bobl yn y fflamau sydd wedi lledu tr adeilad
Bournemouth have been charged by the Football Association for breaching anti-doping rules.
Cambridge Cathedral is marking the anniversary of the death of a 16th Century princess who was the daughter of King Henry VIII.
World War Two codebreaker and computer pioneer Alan Turing has been granted a posthumous pardon by the Queen.
US President Barack Obama has visited the birthplace of Bob Marley in Jamaica.
Oldham Athletic's League One game against Rochdale has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch at Boundary Park.
Scotland's Russell Knox is hoping to learn from fellow Scot Sandy Lyle as he prepares for his debut at the Masters this week.
Middlesex wicketkeeper-batsman Chris Simpson has signed a new three-year contract with the club.
US President Donald Trump's attempt to withhold funding from "sanctuary cities" has been blocked by a federal court in California.
The head of the Catholic Church in England and Wales has said the UK's plan to resettle Syrian refugees will lead to "few, if any" Christians coming to the UK.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have arrested a doctor after the body of a female foetus was found in a drain.
Wales Women ran in seven tries as they thrashed RAF Forces in their final autumn international at Cardiff Arms Park.
A man who called in a hoax bomb threat to a Scottish hospital has been jailed.
The Smiths discussed reuniting, one of the band's founding members has revealed.
Scotland assistant manager Mark McGhee has returned to Motherwell as manager.
Climate change and natural disasters could threaten the global trade in food, a report has warned.
Rail passengers faced delays after a power cut on the Tyne and Wear line.
A blood test can detect early signs of ovarian cancer, a study in the US suggests.
England are on a record-breaking run in the Six Nations, having won their past 10 matches in a row, but the question is not whether they are the best team in the world.
Two bodies have been found in the rubble of two buildings in New York City that were destroyed in a gas explosion on Thursday, officials say.
Microsoft has launched a new Android-powered phone in the UK.
The cities of Rishikesh and Haridwar in India have been used to study the spread of antibiotic resistant genes.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fatal stabbing in Manchester.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at an Edinburgh primary school.
Britain's Kyle Edmund lost to fourth seed Stan Wawrinka in three sets in the quarter-finals of the Cincinnati Masters.
St Johnstone striker Steven MacLean has signed a new one-year contract with the club.
Twenty years ago this week Dolly the sheep became the world's first cloned human.
A man who arranged to meet an 11-year-old girl at a shopping centre has been jailed for four years after being caught by a vigilante group.
Islamic State (IS) fighters have clashed with Kurdish forces defending the Syrian town of Kobane, near the Turkish border.
Work on a cycle and pedestrian bridge in West Sussex has been delayed, but the cost of the project has been cut.
A World War Two soldier who survived the Auschwitz death camp is celebrating his 100th birthday.
Garda­ (Irish police) have said a human skull has been found in County Dublin.
New Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face Manchester United in China in July.
Glasgow-based power generator Aggreko has announced plans to cut annual costs by £25m after reporting a sharp fall in profits.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving on the A985 in Falkirk.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said there is no reasonable prospect of a conviction for a man arrested in connection with the Kingsmills massacre.
A mystery man who posed as a killer clown near schools in County Antrim has contacted the police to apologise for any distress.
Outside the Russian consulate in Istanbul, a small group of people gathered in the cold and rain.
The National Trust (NT) has announced plans to restore parts of Clandon Park House, which was destroyed in a fire last year.
Since the UK voted to leave the EU, I have been writing about the political implications of the referendum result in Wales.
Mae'r elusen RSPB Cymru wedi cadarnhau i'r gwneud i'r gwneud adar gerddi Cymru, yn l arweinydd Gwylio Adar yr Ardd.
Alex Baptiste's second-half header earned Preston victory at Norwich City.
Fly-tippers who killed four cows in Conwy county may have been dumping tree cuttings for two weeks, police have said.
Three of the schools allegedly targeted in the Trojan Horse affair have been told their funding could be cut.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season.
A GP who punched a patient has been banned from the profession after a tribunal heard he had been influenced by the book 'The Chimp Paradox'.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in a street in Leeds.
Spencer Pratt has thanked fans after winning The Jump.
The film Lethal Weapon is to be turned into a TV series by US network Fox.
Australia's James Faulkner became the seventh bowler to take a one-day international hat-trick in his side's win over Sri Lanka.
The UK government has passed a motion to ban five terrorist groups, including the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS).
The former Soviet state of Estonia is a small, densely-populated country in the Baltic Sea.
People in Dumfries are being asked for their views on plans to move the town's primary school to a new site.
Russell Slade is to leave his role as head of football at Cardiff City.
Former police helicopter pilot David "Dandy" Pogmore has been found guilty of filming people having sex from his aircraft.
The chair of the inquiry into the £1bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio has said a letter from the finance minister has not yet been handed to the committee.
The Spanish bank worker Ignacio Echeverra, who died in the London terror attack, is to be awarded the country's highest honour.
England's Ian Poulter has retired after a nightmare second round of the Open Championship at Royal Birkdale.
TV presenter Sian Jones has announced she has given birth to a baby boy.
Plans for a glass lift to the top of the Humber Bridge have been unveiled.
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months?
Bromley climbed out of the National League relegation zone with a 1-0 win over Torquay at Hayes Lane.
Grandparents would be allowed to claim up to four weeks of unpaid parental leave a year if Labour wins power, the party has said.
Sarah Tait, who won a silver medal at the London 2012 Olympics, has died at the age of 31.
Shakespeare's Richard III will be performed in Leicester Cathedral, the Dean of the cathedral has said, despite criticism from Richard III enthusiasts.
A new head of the Public Services Ombudsman for Wales has been appointed.
A rocket engine firm in Belfast has closed with the loss of eight jobs.
New Zealand equalled Australia's record of 12 consecutive World Cup wins with a ruthless demolition of France in the quarter-finals.
The first image of Peru's new satellite, PerSAT-1, has been released.
Turkey's prime minister has said Turkey's military operations against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria and Iraq are not aimed at ousting the group.
The details of West Ham United's deal to move into the Olympic Stadium after the 2012 Games have been revealed.
Jockey Michelle Payne, the first woman to win the Melbourne Cup, has failed a drugs test.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he will not panic despite their Europa League exit.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said the country's mangrove forests are "vital" for the country's future.
Derek McInnes says Aberdeen "ran out of legs" in the Scottish Cup final defeat by Celtic.
The voluntary London living wage has been set at £9.40 an hour.
Pamela Geller, the American blogger who organised an exhibition of cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad in the US state of Texas, is a conservative firebrand.
The Manor Marussia team have appointed former McLaren technical director Dave Ryan as team principal, with Alexander Wurz taking over the running of the team.
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the world, a UN survey says.
South Korea's Byeong-hun An shot a final round of 64 to win the PGA Championship at Wentworth.
Aberdeen were knocked out of the first qualifying round of the Europa League by Swiss side Fola Esch.
UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor has said he will fight at UFC 200 after withdrawing from the event last week.
Tom Dumoulin lost two minutes as Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia.
An art gallery in Cheltenham is trying to raise money to restore a portrait of a former shopkeeper painted on a door of a former warehouse.
The foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, has been accused of trying to "snub" the G7 on Syria.
US President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general in the Bush administration to be the next director of the FBI.
A stretch of beach huts in Lincolnshire is to be restored after receiving £50,000 from the government.
The "black box" of a Russian jet shot down by Turkey last month will not be able to retrieve flight data, the Russian military says.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in the Senior TT practice session at the Isle of Man TT on Wednesday.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended the president of the Human Rights Commission (HRC).
A Cardiff hospital has become the first in Wales to sign up to a national database of babies born with a rare condition.
Olympic champion Dani King says she is considering representing Wales in the team pursuit at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
The death of Pakistani social media celebrity Qandeel Baloch, who was murdered for posting nude photos and videos of herself on social media, has shocked the country.
Poland's National Remembrance Institute ( INR) has released a database of Nazi SS commanders and guards who worked at the Auschwitz death camp during World War Two.
Britain's Olympic taekwondo champion, Lutalo Muhammad, says he was bullied as a child.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has called on his players to fight "until the end" of the season.
An 85-year-old woman has died after a car crashed into a tree in Wirral.
Hundreds of volunteers have been searching a forest in Wiltshire for a woman who went missing after leaving a Swindon nightclub.
The Department of Health and Social Care is to receive an extra £7m to deal with the growing demand for autism assessments.
An unexploded World War Two torpedo found in Portsmouth Harbour has been destroyed in a controlled explosion.
Labour and Plaid Cymru say they are "confident" they can find a way forward to form a first minister, and will resume talks on Monday.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has warned at the Munich Security Conference of the dangers of a Cold War.
A new species of shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd after scientists found it in the ocean.
Scientists have turned to the sticky mucus of a slug to create a medical glue that could be used to heal wounds.
A private company running NHS services in parts of the East of England is "not clinically assured" of safety, a leaked report has found.
Two British students who swam to safety after a boat sank in Indonesia will return home, their mother has said.
The owners of a former Denbighshire hospital have put the site up for sale for £1.
When McLaren's chairman Ron Dennis was asked about his team's performance in the Hungarian Grand Prix, he was quick to point out that it was their best result of the season.
Two women have been left "shocked and upset" after a thief stole money from their purses in Aberdeen.
The Radio City Rockettes and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir will perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
A sightseeing boat crash which injured nine people was probably caused by a steering system failure, a report has found.
Police investigating the murder of a woman in County Down have appealed for information about a bonfire on Monday.
A Pembrokeshire man who tried to kill himself in court after admitting sexually assaulting a woman has been remanded in custody.
Clint Eastwood, Wim Wenders and Tom Ford are among the films to feature at this year's Venice Film Festival.
Uganda's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye has rejected his defeat by President Yoweri Museveni in presidential elections.
A woman who died in a car crash had recently said she was having the happiest time of her life, her family has said.
Scotland suffered a heavy defeat by South Africa in Pool A of the World Cup.
Spain's banks need 60bn euros (£43bn; $64bn) to shore up their finances, the country's finance minister Cristobal Montoro has said.
"I'm a bit like Jason Bourne," says the British number one.
Actress and singer Liza Minnelli has cancelled two appearances in the UK.
A man has been questioned in Spain over the murder of notorious criminal John "Goldfinger" Palmer at his home in Essex.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman in east London.
In the wake of the Finsbury Park attack, the hashtag Something Must Be Done has been trending on Twitter, with many people attacking the media for its coverage of the attacker.
A brother of Hillsborough victim Philip Steele was "pushed towards the goal" in the crush, the inquests have heard.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories from the past 24 hours.
Former Leyton Orient striker Dean Cox says he is struggling to find a club to play in the English Football League.
Chelsea have agreed to sell Brazil defender David Luiz to Paris St-Germain for a world record fee of about £40m.
The government continued to fund the charity Kids Company despite "repeatedly" expressing concerns, a report has found.
The family of a Bristol man found dead in Monaco have spoken of their distress after an inquest heard his organs were missing.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg says the momentum is on Lewis Hamilton's side at the Spanish Grand Prix.
A man in Ohio has been charged with abducting his son from Alabama 14 years ago.
The forestry minister is to set out plans to commercialise Wales' forests.
Spending on public service broadcasting (PSB) by the main TV channels has fallen, Ofcom's review of public service programming has found.
Scotland's Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has called for a "robust investigation" into the death of Aberdeen man Abdul Bayoh in police custody.
The route of the London 2012 Olympic Torch Relay in the Humber region has been announced.
Wikileaks has asked tech firms to hand over details of malware developed by the CIA.
The city of Ulsan in South Korea is a strange place.
Carbon monoxide poisoning is likely to have killed a woman who died in a house fire, an inquest has heard.
British Cycling is a national governing body for cycling in the UK, and it's a great way to get involved in the sport.
The UK is a world leader in the development of new medicines, thanks to a system that relies on reliable data on the safety and efficacy of new drugs.
Thousands of Army jobs are to be axed in the latest round of cuts to the armed forces.
An exhibition has opened in Wrexham to highlight the achievements of people with learning disabilities.
Joao Moutinho's injury-time equaliser denied the USA a place in the last 16 of the World Cup.
British Rowing is investigating claims of bullying and harassment by one of its coaches ahead of the Rio Olympics.
Stem cells that can evade the effects of cancer-killing toxins have been developed by scientists in the US.
A man has been found guilty of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after he knocked down two children in Leeds.
A man has broken the world record for bouncing on a pogo stick.
Plans for a new railway station near Reading FC's stadium have been revived.
A classic car has been missing from a Hertfordshire garage for 20 years.
England Under-20 international Sammie Mead is on the verge of breaking into the top flight of women's football.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has condemned the murder of a leading transgender rights activist.
Worcester Warriors lock George Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Three cats have died in Carmarthenshire and the RSPCA has warned pet owners to be vigilant.
Striker Benik Afobe has been named in the Democratic Republic of Congo squad for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Angola on 23 March, but he is yet to play for the Leopards.
Channel 4 is to turn off its youth channel E4 on general election day to encourage viewers to vote.
The unlikely alliance between miners and gays during the 1984-5 strike in Wales is the subject of a new film.
The UN and world football's governing body have condemned a suicide bomb attack on a children's football match in Iraq that killed at least 55 people.
Saudi Arabia has announced it is to open up its Red Sea coast to a new tourist zone, which will include luxury resorts and a nature reserve.
A Citron car dealership has been destroyed in a suspected arson attack.
Tranmere Rovers and Fleetwood Town played out a goalless draw in League One.
A report by a United Nations body has called on Northern Ireland to promote a "fully integrated" education system.
A woman has been charged over the death of a 90-year-old man in a shopping centre car park.
A Beatles album sleeve designed by Sir Peter Blake has topped a list of the most valuable rare records.
Juan Martin del Potro stunned third seed Stan Wawrinka in four sets to reach the third round at Wimbledon.
A strong earthquake has shaken parts of northern Italy in the Emilia Romagna region.
The hotel industry in Northern Ireland has said it is "disappointed" a new tourism strategy has not been agreed.
Two people have been charged with the manslaughter of a four-year-old boy who was found in a lake.
At the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Disney is one of the big names in the world of technology.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new three-year contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Swansea City have signed Spanish striker Fernando Llorente from Manchester City on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Artworks believed to be by Adolf Hitler have sold at auction in Germany for more than £120,000 (15,000 euros).
A group of football supporters have failed in a bid to force a public inquiry into a deal for West Ham to rent the Olympic Stadium.
The Northern Ireland Finance Minister has said the Stormont Executive is in a state of crisis.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says his side's World Cup preparations have been a success.
A picture of a bottlenose dolphin feeding on a harbour porpoise off Aberdeen has been captured by an amateur photographer.
Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has said he will "wipe out" 82% of the country's workforce.
A fire at a 16th Century hall in Manchester is believed to have been started deliberately, police have said.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Londonderry.
A cyber-attack that cut power to more than 300,000 people in Ukraine's capital Kiev last year may have been a trial run for future attacks, security experts say.
Former Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at Buckingham Palace.
Bill Abernethy and Bill Shine have been named as co-presidents of Fox News following the departure of Roger Ailes.
India's Supreme Court has rejected requests by two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012 to travel to Italy to face trial.
Boxing legend Muhammad Ali has died at the age of 74 and Twitter has been flooded with tributes and memes.
The BBC's Victoria Derbyshire looks at the work of the Metropolitan Police's Department of Professional Standards, which investigates allegations against officers and staff.
London's mayor has written to the prime minister urging her to back a second runway at Gatwick Airport.
Former minister Peter Parkinson has won the St Peter Port North by-election.
Canada has resumed imports of beef from the European Union, following a ban imposed after a case of mad cow disease in the 1990s.
The Ministry of Defence has announced Brecon Barracks in Powys will close in 2020.
Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has blocked access to the social media site Twitter.
The Duke of Kent has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a hip injury.
A project to help black and ethnic minority women in Scotland get into work is to be funded by the Scottish government.
Police in the Brazilian state of Amazonas are searching for more than 100 prisoners who escaped from a jail in the city of Manaus on Saturday.
Wales' record try-scorer Shane Williams is to leave the Ospreys to play in Japan.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 share index closed down 0.25% at 6,041.89 and the FTSE 100 index of leading shares was down 0.25% at 6,041.46.
A UK ticket-holder has come forward to claim a £24.6m jackpot on the Euromillions draw on Friday.
Police in China have arrested one of the five suspects in Thursday's attack in the capital of the western Xinjiang region that killed 31 people, state media report.
The death of a five-year-old boy in East Lothian dominates the front pages of the Scottish newspapers.
Actresses Maxine Peake and Matt Lucas are to star in a BBC adaptation of The Dream by writer Russell T Davies.
A girl with Asperger's Syndrome who wrote to the editor of Big Ben to ask if she could chime the clock's bongs has been praised on social media.
A body found in woodland is believed to have been there for "months or years", police have said.
A report into the death of a Londonderry prisoner who was found unconscious in his cell has found that prison staff did not act quickly enough.
Human remains have been found during the excavation of a railway line in Peterborough.
The Canadian government has dropped an attempt to overturn a court ruling that a law banning full-face veils such as the niqab was unconstitutional.
A small island in western Japan is being overrun by a feral cat population that has attracted thousands of tourists.
Actress Keira Knightley has married Klaxons musician James Righton in a small ceremony in France.
Labour is to pledge to increase the support paid to millions of unpaid carers if it wins the general election.
Justin Bieber has been charged with careless driving after a pedestrian was injured in a hit-and-run incident.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union and the rise of the "populist" parties in France and the Netherlands have dominated the front pages of European newspapers.
Edinburgh kept alive their hopes of a top six finish in the Pro12 with a narrow win at Newport Gwent Dragons.
A French woman has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for killing her four children in the 1990s.
Sale Sharks are out of the European Champions Cup after a heavy defeat at Clermont Auvergne.
Scotland's education secretary is to update the Scottish Parliament on the "next steps" in the Named Person Act.
The family of a French student who has been missing for a month have appealed for information after a man matching his description was seen running and walking in the area.
The Yo messaging app, which has been hailed as the "next big thing" in Silicon Valley, has been suspended.
In the wake of the Brexit vote and Nicola Sturgeon's plans for a second referendum on Scottish independence, many Scots believe they now have a much stronger sense of their country's identity, a sentiment that polls seem to miss.
A pilot scheme to raise money for young people in Snowdonia has been hailed a success.
The Obama administration's top national security adviser has said she and President Barack Obama did not collude with Russia to help Donald Trump win the election.
Former Falkirk MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of head-butting two teenage boys.
Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard starred as West Indies thrashed Australia to set up a World Twenty20 final against New Zealand.
England manager Gareth Southgate wants to speak to winger Wilfried Zaha before he decides whether to play for Ivory Coast.
UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has defended Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale after she was jeered at a leadership debate in Glasgow.
Stephen McManus scored a hat-trick as Greenock Morton beat Alloa Athletic in the Scottish Championship.
Quotas on how much milk farmers in the UK can produce have been lifted, and farmers have been telling Newsbeat how they'll be affected.
Labour's Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London.
Southport chairman John Clapham and director Peter Shrouder have resigned from the board following the club's relegation from the National League.
Police are investigating a deadly riot at India's biggest carmaker Maruti Suzuki's car plant in the northern state of Haryana.
Wales hooker Ken Owens says the Six Nations should not be used to decide whether teams should be relegated from the competition.
A man has had his car stolen during an armed robbery in County Antrim.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken the baton on the final day of the royal tour of Germany.
Sierra Leone has begun a three-day lockdown to test people for the deadly Ebola virus.
Spain's Ivo Walz won Olympic gold in the men's kayak kayak single 1,000m final.
A planned upgrade of the Aberdeen to Inverness power line has been dropped by the National Grid, SSE has said.
A Labour MP has resigned as a shadow cabinet aide over a Facebook post suggesting Israel should be "moved".
A Polish university professor has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for plotting to bomb the presidential palace in Warsaw.
The UN's nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), says North Korea appears to be restarting a nuclear reactor.
A koala that was hit by a car in South Australia state has survived by clinging to the grill of the vehicle.
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Pontus Antonsson from Norwegian side Kalmar for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Walsall have signed Falkirk defender Liam Leahy on a two-year deal.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of the Ebola virus by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Germany's domestic intelligence agency (BfV) says a 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of leaking agency material to the media.
The "umbrella soldiers" of Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement are hoping to make history on Sunday.
The Premier League season is in full swing and the top six are all level on points at the top of the table.
French comedian Dieudonne M'bala M'bala has been placed under formal investigation after posting on Facebook that he was "feeling Charlie Coulibaly" after the Paris attacks.
The Home Office has apologised for a "regrettable typographical error" in a press release announcing new language tests for migrants.
A four-year-old girl has died at a zoo in Morocco after an elephant threw a stone at her.
A 25-year-old man has been treated in hospital for facial injuries after a fight in Belfast city centre.
The government will introduce 15 Brexit-related bills before the UK leaves the EU, the Institute for Government has warned.
Manchester City's Yaya Toure says Raheem Sterling is "too honest" after the England forward appeared to dive in the 2-2 draw with Tottenham.
Labour's general election result in Wales was worse than under Michael Foot's leadership, the party's former deputy leader Howells has said.
Sale winger Denny Solomona is good enough to play for England, says former England winger Ugo Monye.
A review of Police Scotland's call-handling project has found it was "inadequate", the chief inspector of Constabulary has said.
Liverpool hairdresser Herbert Howe, who died at the age of 69 after a battle with cancer, was a fixture of the city's social scene.
The Turrialba volcano in Costa Rica has erupted, sending a huge column of ash and smoke into the sky.
Jacob Butterfield says his playing career at League Two club Exeter City is "coming to an end".
A dog-friendly restaurant in America has been serving dog food to dogs for the first time.
The Scottish government is to invest £20m in general practice over the next year.
Hilary Mantel has won a crime award for her debut novel Someone Else's Skin.
The parents of a baby who was taken into care have said they were "treated like monsters" by a hospital.
An Israeli court has ordered an Australian woman accused of child sex abuse to be sent to a psychiatric hospital for treatment.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after crashing off the County Down coast.
Supermarket chains and Marks and Spencer are selling a range of generic school uniforms for as little as 5p each.
The National Audit Office's (NAO) report on the profitability of the big four private companies that deliver the public sector's goods and services is an interesting read.
Masters champion Sergio Garcia and Open champion Henrik Stenson share the lead after two rounds of the BMW International in Germany.
The Cassini spacecraft has made its final pass of Saturn's moon Titan.
Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was expected to make a strong defence of the US military in a speech in San Diego on Friday.
US toy-maker Hasbro is in talks to buy rival Mattel in a deal that would create the world's largest toy company.
A group has been set up to tackle the spread of bovine tuberculosis (TB) in Cheshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at octopus hunting in Zanzibar.
British banker Rurik Jutting has been found guilty of murdering two women in his flat in Hong Kong.
Controversial plans to frack for shale gas in North Yorkshire are expected to be approved by councillors on Friday.
Venezuela's defence minister has said two people have been arrested in connection with an attack on an army barracks earlier this month.
A new marketing body for Northern Ireland's agri-food industry is to be created.
Featherstone overcame Championship rivals Halifax to reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
An inquest into the murders of 11 Protestant workmen by loyalist paramilitaries almost 40 years ago could be delayed because of a lack of a coroner.
Children's services in Birmingham have been rated "good" by the Care Quality Commission.
The chairmen of five Commons select committees have written to Prime Minister David Cameron urging him to remove the net migration target for foreign students.
IAAF president Lord Coe has been backed by the man who wrote a damning report into doping in athletics to lead the sport out of its crisis.
A teenage girl with mental health issues who was kept overnight in a police cell has been found a place to stay.
Thailand has cancelled the launch of a report by Human Rights Watch (HRW) in Bangkok, citing security concerns.
The remains of a 17th Century manor house, which was destroyed in a fire, have been revealed.
New images of an asteroid that passed by the Earth on Wednesday have been released.
A man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle during a show in Santa Fe, New Mexico, has pleaded not guilty to two counts of criminal damage to property.
Jockey George Best has been moved out of intensive care after suffering a bleed on the brain following a fall at the Punchestown Festival.
As the new Welsh MPs take the oath of allegiance in the House of Commons, the BBC Wales political correspondent, Aled ap Dafydd, looks at the challenges they face.
As US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un prepare to meet for the first time in six years, former US basketball star Dennis Rodman's trip to North Korea has raised eyebrows.
A road worker who died after being hit by a car on a carriageway in Devon has been named.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the top of New York's tallest skyscraper after a cable holding a platform to the roof collapsed.
A police officer who shot and killed a black teenager in Texas has been fired after body-cam footage contradicted his initial account.
Singer and actress Dannii Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university.
Luke Berry scored a hat-trick as Cambridge United eased to victory over Cheltenham Town in League Two.
The former Irish language broadcaster, Eamonn  Murch, has died after a short illness.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she is hopeful Northern Ireland pork can be exported to China.
Engineers have stepped in to help restore a working motor of a Nazi codebreaker machine.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini has hinted striker Carlos Tevez could return to the team.
Turkish police have detained the editor-in-chief and 10 other staff of the opposition Cumhuriyet newspaper over its coverage of the failed July coup.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick birdied the final hole to share the lead withbarnrat Aphibarnrat after a third round of 66 at the Qatar Masters.
Three women have been tied up during a robbery at a house in west Belfast.
New Zealand's prime minister says at least 65 people have been killed in a 6.3-magnitude earthquake in the city of Christchurch.
The quest to build the world's most advanced quantum computers depends on the purity of the silicon used to make them.
Southampton midfielder Jack Stephens says the club will "bounce back" from their recent poor form.
The owner of a cat who has been stealing from his home for the last three years has admitted he has changed his ways.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Salford came from behind to beat Super League leaders Castleford.
Plans for the expansion of the Dyson factory in Wiltshire have been approved by Wiltshire Council.
Cape Verde stunned Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal side with a 2-0 win in a friendly in Praia da Luz.
With the third reading of the Investigatory Powers Bill in the House of Commons tonight, the government's position on the bill is pretty clear.
On the banks of the Otay Mesa river in San Diego, California, a wall of boulders and razor wire blocks the view of the Pacific Ocean.
Leinster moved top of the Pro12 with a narrow win over Glasgow Warriors at the RDS.
Rising water levels in the Tibetan plateau are threatening lives and property in neighbouring countries, the BBC has learned.
The UK's broadband providers need to be more transparent about the costs of their services, a charity has said.
Birmingham City beat Women's FA Cup holders Chelsea Ladies to reach the Women's FA Cup semi-finals.
Trials of a new therapy to treat infections in pigs that could be an alternative to antibiotics are under way, say UK scientists.
Andy Murray beat world number three Stan Wawrinka to reach the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
Britain's Andy Murray will take on Novak Djokovic in the French Open final on Sunday, with both men looking to win their first Grand Slam titles.
New Plymouth Argyle striker David Goodwillie says he still hopes to play for Scotland.
Meet Carissa Stewart, the American chess champion.
The United States won the women's 4x200m freestyle relay in Rio as Katie Ledecky became the first swimmer to win three Olympic gold medals in the same event.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian woman who has been missing since August.
Labour leadership candidate Jeremy Corbyn has been in Scotland to campaign for votes.
Sudan have been disqualified from the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers after five players were found to be ineligible.
John Akinde's second-half goal gave Barnet a 1-0 win at Mansfield in League Two.
The creator of the TV show The Simpsons has said the fictional town of Springfield is set in a town called Springfield.
The boss of Belfast International Airport has written to Enda Kenny asking him to stop promoting the Republic of Ireland through Dublin.
A man who raped two women while on probation has been given a life-long restriction order.
Spain's new left-of-centre mayors in Madrid, Barcelona and Valencia are the first to be elected since the centre-right Popular Party lost power in the general election in December.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found unconscious in a street in Leeds.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.6% in the three months to December, official figures show.
Nineteen West Midlands Police staff have a case to answer for misconduct after the death of a woman who was murdered by her ex-partner.
A shortage of prison officers contributed to a "major incident" at a prison last year, a report has found.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused a group campaigning for the release of the abducted schoolgirls of "psychological terrorism".
A man accused of murdering his landlord and dumping his body in a quarry has told a court he hit him on the head with a hammer after he asked for sexual favours.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll must be in his Euro 2016 squad.
A Pembrokeshire paddling pool has been saved from closure after donations from a nightclub and a church.
Islamist militants have seized a town in northern Iraq that is home to the Chaldean Christian community.
The partner of a man missing since the collapse of Didcot A Power Station has said she believes he is still alive.
Work has begun on the Hippodrome in the Scottish Borders.
The new voice of Bob the Builder has been revealed for the new series of Bob the Builder.
The number of district nurses in Wales has fallen by almost half in the past six years, the nursing union has claimed.
A vigil has been held for a man who was shot dead by police on a motorway in West Yorkshire.
Solihull Moors have signed defender James Edwards from Eastleigh on a two-year deal.
Thousands of Pakistani Christians have attended the funerals of victims of a bomb attack on a church in Lahore.
Gary Onions took five wickets as Durham bowled out Nottinghamshire for under 200 at Trent Bridge.
Scientists have estimated that the Earth's surface holds some 2km of water that has been stored underground since the time of the dinosaurs.
Downing Street has denied a spokesman for Culture Secretary Maria Miller threatened a newspaper over a story about her expenses claims.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from two goals down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns in the Premier League.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says the county is "proud" to have hosted three full houses for England matches in Cardiff this summer.
Former world champion John Fordham says he wants to return to the BDO World Championships at Lakeside.
India's central bank has kept its key interest rate unchanged in a surprise move.
James McClean, Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle have been added to the Republic of Ireland squad for the friendly against Mexico in Los Angeles on 3 June.
Islamist militants affiliated to so-called Islamic State (IS) say they have attacked an Egyptian naval vessel in the Sinai peninsula.
The billionaire retail tycoon Sir Philip Green has been appointed by the government to review the spending of the civil service.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup with a 1-0 win over Mexico in South Korea.
Worcestershire's signing of South Africa pace bowler Kyle Abbott for the second half of their T20 Blast campaign will be "exciting", says Daryl Mason.
Belfast boxer Paddy McCracken has stunned Russia's Vladimir Nikitin at the European Championships in Ukraine.
It is a familiar sight in many parts of the UK - a pharmacist in a community pharmacy dispensing medicine to a customer.
Children have been injured after a bouncy castle collapsed at a carnival in Dorset.
A 70-year-old woman who has had a "bizarre" and "unpredictable" life has been told by a High Court judge she can refuse a life-saving kidney dialysis treatment.
A woman who beat off competition from around the world to become the UK's first hedgehog officer has been named.
An inquest into the deaths of four British soldiers who died after their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan has heard.
Protests have erupted in several towns in Ethiopia's Oromia region after a stampede at a religious festival killed at least 88 people.
Cornwall beat Lancashire to win the County Championship final at Twickenham.
A man who stabbed a motorist to death in a road rage attack has been jailed for six years.
South Africa has cancelled its plan to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC), after the government lost a legal challenge.
A 75-year-old woman died after hitting a pothole on a Monmouthshire road, an inquest has concluded.
Newcastle United have sacked manager Steve McClaren "with immediate effect".
HSBC is considering moving up to 1,000 jobs out of London as a result of the UK's vote to leave the EU, the BBC understands.
Reaction to the High Court ruling that abortion laws in Northern Ireland are incompatible with the European Convention on Human Rights.
A circus elephant that escaped from its enclosure in a circus in southern Germany has attacked a man with its trunk, police say.
Russia's main opposition polling agency has been branded as a foreign agent by the justice ministry.
Former Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think a re-run of the referendum on the Welsh Assembly could be won.
Hundreds of people gathered in the centre of the Spanish city of Barcelona on Friday night.
The longlist for the BBC's Sound Of 2016 list has been revealed, with soul singer Jack Garratt the clear favourite.
A man has been arrested after a haul of endangered species was found at a business.
German police say they have arrested a Tunisian man they believe knew Anis Amri, the Tunisian who drove a lorry into a Christmas market in Berlin.
A curate has apologised after telling children "Father Christmas is not real".
A man has died in a house fire in Londonderry.
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie has been honoured at the Sarajevo Film Festival for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey.
Two police community support officers (PCSOs) have been jailed for misconduct in a public office.
A five-year-old Celtic fan who missed his team's match to celebrate his birthday phoned the club to apologise.
Rangers beat Celtic 5-4 on penalties to win the Scottish Cup in a dramatic final.
The number of road accidents on the M74 extension in the south of Glasgow has halved since its opening, according to a new study.
Pro-Russian activists have attacked government buildings in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk in a show of force.
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a new adaptation of Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream.
A Flemish separatist leader has accused Belgium's king of "fascist tendencies" after he used his state of the nation address to compare the 1930s with the present.
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been left out of the squads for the North-South 50-over series in Dubai and Abu Dhabi in March.
The organisers of the Derry Comhaltas Fleadh (National Irish Music and Arts Festival) are to bid to host the event again in 2016.
The centenary of the start of World War One is being marked in Londonderry this weekend.
A Nottingham tram stop sign has been blamed for spelling the city's name "Nottingham University".
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is investigating Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa's protest at the Rio Olympics marathon.
A new safety barrier is to be installed at the spot where a County Tyrone teenager was knocked down and killed by a van in Belfast, the Department of Roads (DRD) has said.
Five knife-wielding men have killed 29 people at a railway station in the southern Chinese city of Kunming, state news agency Xinhua says.
One of the big six energy suppliers, EDF Energy, is to increase gas and electricity prices for its seven million customers for the second time this year.
As the EU referendum campaign gets under way, the BBC's political editor, Paul Adams, asks why the government and its opponents are so desperate to bombard the country with unread pamphlets.
Mae dyn wedi ei gyhuddiau ei gyhuddiau i gyhuddiau ei gyhuddiau i ei gyhuddiau i gyhuddiau ei gyhuddiau i ei gyhuddiau 
A custody sergeant accused of the manslaughter of a man who died after he was restrained "did not know how this would turn out", a court has heard.
(Closed): Wall Street markets were mixed on Monday as oil prices continued to fall.
Eight puppies have been stolen from a puppy farm in West Lothian.
Bonfires have been lit across Northern Ireland to mark the Twelfth of July.
Fulham midfielder Sergi Canos has joined Spanish side Celta Vigo on loan until the end of the season.
Letting agencies are charging tenants "extortionate fees", a Labour AM has said.
"The Metropolitan Police will continue to investigate all allegations of historical child abuse in the UK", the force has said, following criticism of its Operation Midland inquiry into claims of VIP child sex abuse.
A bid to be the UK's first spaceport is being launched in Kintyre in Argyll.
Newsround's gardening expert George is a huge fan of flowers and plants.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has held North East Fife in the general election.
The way we buy has changed dramatically in the UK in the last 50 years.
A Borders knitwear firm has reported a surge in sales following the launch of a new range.
A copy of one of the world's most famous prehistoric drawings of animals has been unveiled in a cave in France.
Goalkeeper Karen Bardsley has been ruled out of England Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina.
A former ambulance driver has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl while he was driving her to hospital.
Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora to win the British and Commonwealth heavyweight titles at Wembley.
Hull KR captain Jamie Peacock says Albert Kelly's future at the club is "up in the air" after the half-back was punished for a breach of club discipline.
The Conservative Party has said it has received more than 100 allegations of bullying within the party in the past six months.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has set a price range for its initial public offering (IPO) in the US.
The financial results of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election, the BBC understands.
Eight-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt qualified for the semi-finals of the men's 100m with victory in his heat.
Brentford defender Tom Dallison has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Madonna fans have been complaining on social media about BBC Radio 1's decision not to play her new single, but the issue has not been about her.
Canada Post is to stop delivering letters to the home and will move to community post boxes in an effort to cut costs.
US President Barack Obama has praised Kenya's fight against corruption on the second day of his visit to the country.
Every summer in the mountains of the French Alps, sheep and ewe are free to roam.
James Corden is to bring his US talk show The Late Late Show to the UK, with three episodes to air on Sky.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the migrant crisis and the UK's future in the EU.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the board over the pace of change at the bank.
The FBI has confirmed it is investigating the leak of nude photos and videos of celebrities, after raiding a Los Angeles home.
A driver has been jailed for killing a teenager who was hit by his car after a night out.
Children fleeing the conflict in Syria could become "extremist" if they are not educated, the head of the UN refugee agency has warned.
Embattled Indian liquor baron Vijay Mallya's Kingfisher House has failed to sell at auction in India.
Dundee University researchers are launching a study to see if switching to electronic cigarettes reduces the risk of heart disease.
The only state school in Weston-super-Mare is to close.
Benedict Cumberbatch, Keira Knightley and Olivia Colman are among the stars who have posed naked for the BBC to show support for people with mental health issues.
A woman in her 70s has died in a house fire in Dunmurry, County Antrim.
A former primary school teacher has been jailed for 16 years for raping and sexually abusing pupils.
A third dead whale has washed up on the Suffolk coast in the past three days.
A man who stamped his partner to death has had his jail sentence increased.
Virat Kohli hit a century as India began the defence of the World Cup with a crushing 112-run victory over Pakistan.
Jonathan Demme, the Oscar-winning director of The Silence of the Lambs, has died at the age of 71.
Aaron Cook has been left out of Great Britain's taekwondo team for the London Olympics after the British Olympic Association ratified Lutalo Muhammad's selection.
The Metropolitan Police has apologised to the family of a man found dead in north London after a reinvestigation into his death.
A County Antrim man who stabbed his partner to death in front of their seven-year old daughter has been jailed for life.
A 16-year-old boy has been rescued from a cave after falling 20ft (6m).
NHS Highland has agreed to set up a Community Midwife Unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital in Wick.
Leeds Rhinos beat St Helens in front of a sell-out crowd on the final day of the Headingley terrace.
Kenya's president has accused the opposition of using the judiciary to "intimidate" the government.
Parts of the US city of Tulsa, Oklahoma, have been hit by a severe storm.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent a text to a friend saying "hi, how are you?", a court has heard.
Castleford Tigers lifted the Million Pound Game trophy after beating local rivals Wakefield Trinity at the Jungle.
Russell Brand has threatened to take legal action against The Sun.
Paul Brian Murray was a 16-year-old student from Stoke-on-Trent who travelled to the match with his dad, Tony, who was a Liverpool fan.
Norway's prime minister has said at least 69 people are now known to have been killed in the twin bomb attack on the capital Oslo and a youth camp of the governing Labour Party.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman in the Republic of Ireland has retired to consider its verdict.
North Ferriby slipped to the bottom of the National League after a 2-1 defeat by Bromley.
Sussex have re-appointed Murray Goodwin as batting coach from Glamorgan.
Strong winds have caused disruption to flights and ferry services on the Isle of Man.
Growth in the world's third largest economy, Indonesia, slowed to 5.3% in 2015 from 5.7% in 2014.
Teenagers' brains are better at learning from their experiences, a study suggests.
A grizzly bear has killed a cyclist in Montana's Glacier National Park.
Transport for London (TfL) believes the Night Tube service will cause a rise in sexual offences and anti-social behaviour, a report says.
A nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for four years.
Ireland have qualified for the Women's World Cup Qualifier Super Six after finishing third in the inaugural Super League in Sri Lanka.
Campaigners have called for a public inquiry into plans to build holiday lodges at Warwick Castle.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman should "toughen up", says former Republic of Ireland captain Roy Keane.
The jury in the trial of two brothers accused of murdering a Cardiff woman has retired to consider its verdict.
German airline Lufthansa Group is to start charging online travel agencies for booking tickets on its own website.
Warrenpoint Town have said they are "shocked" by the Irish Premiership club Carrick Rangers' decision not to accept their appeal against a charge of fielding an ineligible player.
Scientists at the University of Glasgow say they have found a way to predict the length of a bird's life.
The Mexican President, Felipe Calderon, has signed into law tougher sentences for those who kidnap.
A doctor who operated on a woman who died after a botched Caesarean birth has told an inquest a nerve stimulator failed to work.
An Islamic court in the northern Nigerian state of Bauchi has sentenced four men to 20 lashes for having gay sex.
The head of Russia's anti-doping agency Vitaly Mutko says it is "high time" for athletes to retire from athletics.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested over the murder of a prosecutor in Kampala, police say.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has defended a controversial new religious freedom law that has sparked a national outcry.
Shakin' Stevens has been voted the greatest Welsh musicians of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners.
Sepp Blatter's former chief of staff says Russia and Qatar had "no choice" but to bribe Fifa to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
A double murderer who has been on the run for 18 years has lost his bid to avoid extradition to Albania.
Wales captain Joe Ledley says the players will support the Football Association of Wales on Armistice Day.
A collection of more than 1,000 vintage diving helmets has sold at auction for more than £120,000.
The body of a man has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries.
Bristol City have signed Preston North End striker Josh Brownhill on a three-year deal.
Some GP practices in England deemed to be at risk of closure may not get the help they need to survive, the BBC has learned.
Former Liverpool striker John Wallace was born in Llanelli and grew up in the Welsh town.
The fight against human trafficking and slavery in Wales needs to be stepped up.
Two World War Two railway tunnels in London have been opened up to the public.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has said he will not sell the club until he "wins something".
England women's striker Eniola Aluko was paid £35,000 by the Football Association after she complained of "bullying and harassment" by manager Mark Sampson.
The chief inspector of prisons in England and Wales has warned of a "widening gap" in the prison system.
New Scotland manager Gordon Strachan will name his squad for the friendlies against the Czech Republic and Scotland in March.
Armed police were called to a property in Wrexham after reports of a man with a firearm.
Northampton Saints back row Ben Foden says he will have to "push himself to the limit" if Harlequins team-mate Mike Brown is recalled to the England squad for the Six Nations.
World champion Ding Junhui was thrashed 6-0 in the first round of the UK Championship by qualifier Kyren Duffy.
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool should be extended, researchers have recommended.
A primary school head teacher who has worked at the same school for 35 years is retiring.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed Rushall Olympic midfielder Sean McGinty on a deal until the end of the season.
A man whose remains were found in a Conwy county forest sustained serious head trauma, police have said.
In our series of letters from people in the Western Isles, former Uist councillor and Uist community leader, Alasdair MacAulay, recalls his memories of the traditional Hogmanay celebrations.
Hong Kong officials have unveiled plans for a new high-speed railway terminal which they say will be a "one-stop" gateway to China.
Australia is to send more troops to Afghanistan to train and advise the country's security forces.
A man has died in hospital after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
Unqualified teachers are being used in state schools in England, a teachers' union conference has heard.
Royal Mail and unions Unite and the Communication Workers Union (CWU) have launched a consultation on changes to the pension scheme.
New Jersey Reds centre Matt Stevens says the club need to be "pushed forward" in the Championship.
A jet-powered unmanned warplane has taken to the skies for the first time.
Chipmaker Qualcomm has said it plans to cut costs and raise its dividend.
Two people have been rescued from a fire at a flat in Stoke-on-Trent.
China has executed 13 men for terrorism and other crimes in the far western region of Xinjiang, state media report.
A hall earmarked for closure has re-opened after a campaign to save it.
A child has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Vale of Glamorgan.
If you were mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI) by a high street bank, you may have received compensation offers that are significantly lower than those offered by a credit card provider.
You may be able to power your phone with the power of your pee!
Facebook has published detailed maps of the world's population.
Warrington Wolves beat local rivals Widnes Vikings to reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
The organisers of the E3 Harelbeke one-day race in Belgium have apologised to cycling's governing body after a poster for the event showed a man pinching a girl's bottom.
Fourteen-year-old Kai Deng has been hiding in a swamp in South Sudan's swamps for the past two years, but now he is at a refugee camp in Ethiopia.
A police patrol car has been damaged after a brick was thrown at it in Londonderry.
Emma Watson has been talking about gender equality.
Network Rail, the company that runs Britain's railways, has been told that it needs to do a better job of keeping the network running smoothly.
Defending champions Egypt reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals thanks toraba's late winner against Morocco in Alexandria.
Two police officers involved in the "plebgate" affair involving former chief whip Andrew Mitchell are to face misconduct hearings.
A man who died in a suspected hit-and-run in Caterham has been named by police.
A moustache-growing competition is taking place in Dover on Saturday, with the winner receiving a prize of £1,000.
China has protested against the arrest of more than 100 Chinese nationals in Zambia for alleged illegal mining.
Two players from Kilcoo GAA club in County Armagh have been suspended for alleged racist abuse.
John McEnroe says Australia's Nick Kyrgios "doesn't understand" how to win Grand Slams after his exit from the Australian Open.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said his meeting with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto was "constructive" but did not discuss his plan for a border wall.
A common drug used to treat type-2 diabetes can extend the lives of mice, a study suggests.
A man has died in a "targeted attack" in a supermarket car park in Denbighshire.
Super League side Warrington Wolves have released Matty Bailey, James Dodds and Ben Cox.
A car has crashed into a building in Edinburgh after police tried to stop it.
Middlesbrough have signed Italy midfielder Emanuele Giaccherini from Sunderland on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Fragments of Roman and medieval coins have been found during the excavation of a medieval castle for a new museum.
The Sun newspaper has apologised for a column by former editor Kelvin MacKenzie that the Liverpool mayor says is "racist".
Torquay United have agreed a deal to sell the National League club to a consortium led by property developer Gaming International (GI).
Tens of thousands of vulnerable adults in England and Wales are being detained without the help of appropriate adults, a report has found.
A look at the British and Irish Lions squad for the first Test against Australia in Brisbane on Saturday.
Substitutes Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored as Manchester United continued their 100% start to the Premier League season with victory over Leicester at Old Trafford.
Non-payment of the BBC licence fee should be made a civil offence rather than a criminal offence, the government has said.
The UK prime minister has offered EU citizens living in the UK the right to stay after Brexit.
A suspected member of the cell that carried out the attacks in Barcelona and Cambrils in Spain has told a court in Madrid that the group was planning more attacks.
A drug dealer accused of shooting a rival with a crossbow has told a court he was acting in self-defence.
A convicted murderer who absconded from a South Yorkshire prison has been arrested.
Rory McIlroy says he is "totally fine" to play at the US Open this week.
Labour MP David Lammy has said he is considering standing for the party's leadership.
A former NHS chief executive has admitted paying her husband for work on a "sham" newsletter.
Google has launched a new service to monitor the value of people's online purchases.
A 20-year-old woman was raped by a man in a car after a night out in Edinburgh.
The UK population rose by more than 500,000 to 64,596,800 in 2014, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Non-league side Guernsey FC will host a home FA Cup qualifying round tie for the first time in the competition's history.
A project to build a bridge across the Thames in London should be scrapped, a review of the project has found.
A burst water main flooded a busy street in central London and forced the evacuation of a cinema.
The front page of the New York Times this morning is dedicated to the story of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI).
A dentist arrested on suspicion of his wife's murder has said the last few days have been the "worst of his life".
A white police officer has been charged with murder over the death of a black teenager in Texas.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent remarks on terrorism in Bangladesh have sparked outrage on social media.
Record-breaking rower David Pitcher is planning to row across the Atlantic in a tiny cabin.
Cristiano Ronaldo's late header gave Portugal victory over Sweden in the first leg of their World Cup play-off in Lisbon.
Five British men who have been held in India for nearly two years have been released on bail.
The strategically important district of Sangin in Helmand province in southern Afghanistan has been under the control of the Taliban since last year.
A British prisoner of war who survived the Auschwitz death camp during World War Two says playing football saved his life.
The Pyramid Stage at the Glastonbury Festival is set to open on Friday, with more than 100,000 music fans expected to descend on the Somerset site over the next five days.
Thirteen people have been rescued from a fire at a hotel in north London.
An international tribunal has ordered Ghana not to drill for oil in a disputed area of the sea off Ivory Coast.
More than 100 motorists were caught using a mobile phone while driving in a five-day police crackdown.
The jury in the retrial of footballer Ched Evans has been sent out to consider its verdict.
The British and Irish Lions' match against the Crusaders was a chance for Stuart Hogg to prove his fitness after the hamstring injury that forced him off against the Blues.
A conservation group has criticised the Scottish government's decision to remove a population of beavers found in the Highlands.
Two men are on the roof of Pentonville Prison in Bridgend county.
Sunderland head coach Dick Advocaat has left the Premier League club after only eight games in charge.
The chief executive of a children's services company "freeze and squeeze" staff, a BBC investigation has found.
Solar panels are to be installed on 2,000 homes in Kirklees as part of a plan to generate £14m for the local authority.
Andy Murray says he has not spoken to the Lawn Tennis Association about the future of the game in the UK.
Northampton Town defender Joe Richards says Oxford United manager Chris Wilder has been "first class" this season after the Cobblers won the League Two title.
Great Britain's Olympic champion Greg Rutherford qualified for the long jump final on Super Saturday at the World Championships in London.
Home Secretary Theresa May has told the House of Commons the Hillsborough disaster was a "stain on the nation".
A pony was deliberately left to die in a remote area of Lincolnshire, the RSPCA has said.
The UK is to take in "thousands" of unaccompanied child refugees from Europe, David Cameron has announced.
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has returned to his clean-shaven look after shaving off his beard last year.
Catfish and the Bottlemen have gone straight to number one in the album chart with their fourth record, The Ride.
Cuba's President Raul Castro has announced sweeping economic reforms to the country's parliament.
Six of the eight teams in the new Women's Cricket Super League will be based in England.
The number of students going to further education (FE) colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by 20% in the last three years.
The Libyan coast-guard has ended its search for survivors after two migrant boats capsized in the Mediterranean on Thursday.
A ceasefire has started in the city of Aleppo in Syria, in the Middle East.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has said Andy Woodward's decision to speak out about being sexually abused by a coach as a child was "horrific".
Work to mark the start of the Dundee Waterfront project has been given the go-ahead.
Ulster forwards coach Dan Clarke is to leave his role at Kingspan Stadium at the end of the season to take up the same role with the Scarlets.
Leeds Rhinos prop Ian Galloway will miss the start of the Super League season after tearing the Achilles tendon in his left leg.
United States Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III says Bubba Watson is a "great addition" to his backroom team at this week's event in Minnesota.
Lewis Hamilton says he will pray that team orders are not imposed on him and Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
The remains of 10 British soldiers who died on the Western Front during World War One have been identified.
Goals from Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov gave Ukraine victory in the first leg of their Euro 2016 play-off against Slovenia in Kiev.
Captain Matthew Rees says Ospreys' European Challenge Cup defeat by Exeter Chiefs was a case of "overdoing it".
A new section of one of Scotland's busiest trunk roads has opened to traffic.
The Football Association are celebrating 150 years of the rules of the game.
Serena Williams says women deserve to be paid less because of their "sex".
Thousands of children and young people in the UK are "teetering on the brink" of serious mental illness, warns a charity.
Israeli police say they have shot dead an Israeli Arab who killed three people in Tel Aviv on Tuesday.
A man has been jailed for seven years for attempting to murder a father who asked him to keep the noise down in a close.
A Silicon Valley woman accused of plotting to kill her boyfriend is expected to be released from jail after raising more than $71m (£50m).
The number of nursery students in England completing a key qualification for nursery staff is falling, campaigners say.
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said the case for an interest rate rise has "strengthened" in recent months.
(Close): Shares in Paddy Power Betfair fell 8.5% after the bookmaker reported a full-year loss.
Three years ago, a friend of mine offered to be my fake girlfriend.
A tennis player who had to leave school because of her asylum case and a pianist who battled obsessive compulsive disorder have been honoured at the Black History Month awards.
A 15-year-old girl is in a serious condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
Joe Root will be named as Alastair Cook's successor as England Test captain on Thursday.
Hundreds of people have attended a public meeting over a counter-terrorism training exercise in which a Muslim was used as a suicide bomber.
Star Wars actor John Boyega has donated £1,000 to his old theatre company in south London.
Dundee secured their place in the top six of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Ross County at Dens Park.
MPs have been heckled in the House of Commons during a debate on women's pensions.
A Ceredigion college bought for just £10,000 in the 19th Century is to be turned into a science and arts centre after it was awarded £31m.
Institute Football Club's home game on Friday has been postponed after heavy flooding at the club's Brandywell ground on Tuesday.
Relegated Notts County have appointed BBC Radio Nottingham sports presenter Darren Fletcher as director of football.
Germany has set up a "key" to distribute asylum seekers more evenly across the country in a row over the migrant crisis.
Evidence of the Indian monsoon is being collected to help scientists better understand the impact of climate change on the world's most INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals INRDeals
Thousands of doctors and nurses in Kenya's public hospitals have gone on strike in the first nationwide strike in the country's history.
The US military has ended its search for three marines missing after a military aircraft crashed into the sea off Australia.
The Scottish SPCA was called out to a report of a corn snake in a Dundee park, only to find it was a plastic toy.
The UK defence secretary has announced that the first of eight new Royal Navy Type 26 frigates will be built on the Clyde next summer.
At least 19 people have been killed in an attack on a military hospital in the Afghan capital Kabul, officials say.
The Duke of Conwy has led the annual Royal goat parade in Conwy county.
Fifteen Indian nurses held hostage by Islamist militants in Iraq have returned home to the southern city of Cochin.
Rangers defender Rob Kiernan will face a hearing over an alleged stamp on St Johnstone's Ryan Anderson.
Luton Town vice-chairman David Sweet says the club's return to the Football League is "the beginning of a resurgence" at Kenilworth Road.
Brechin City came from 2-0 down to earn a point against Livingston in the Scottish Championship.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a free vote on UK air strikes in Syria.
A reconstruction of the face of a man who died in the Copper Age more than 2,500 years ago has been unveiled.
Shares in the Mexican restaurant chain Chipotle Mexican Grill fell as much as 10% after US health officials said the latest outbreak of E. coli linked to the company was linked to a common meal item.
The mother of a Chicago girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted and broadcast live on Facebook says she is "terrified".
Tsai Ing-wen, the Tsai Ing-wen of the Tsai Ing-wen camp, is not a politician with a crystal ball.
Andy Murray will help fellow Briton James Ward in his bid to become the first British man to reach the Wimbledon quarter-finals since 1936 on Saturday.
An MP has called on the UK government to give its "full backing" to the planned £1bn tidal lagoon in Swansea Bay.
The number of animal cruelty complaints and prosecutions in Wales has fallen, the RSPCA has said.
The new Formula 1 season begins in Melbourne on Sunday, with the first race of the season taking place in Australia.
Armed police evacuated a coach on the M6 Toll motorway in Staffordshire after reports of a suspicious package.
Four London councils have spent more than £600,000 of taxpayers' money on legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport.
Storm AxelStorm has caused severe flooding in northern Germany.
Four French resistance fighters have been inducted into the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris.
An 80-year-old woman has been raped in her own home in South Lanarkshire.
American Charley Hoffman shot the first round of the Masters to take a four-shot lead at Augusta.
Plans to introduce posthumous pardons for gay and bisexual men convicted of historical sexual offences in Northern Ireland are to be considered by the assembly.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil and lost exam papers has been struck off.
A classic car festival has been cancelled due to funding cuts.
Seventeen police forces in England and Wales are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football.
Phil Taylor will face Peter Wright in the semi-finals of the Premier League.
Imagine having to get down on your hands and knees on a dirty floor or squash yourself into the back of your car just because there is not a Changing Places toilet nearby.
A member of a Syrian rebel group fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) has been killed in Syria, the group says.
Too many young people in the UK are "drifting" into further education or apprenticeships, the House of Lords education committee says.
China's biggest search engines have joined forces with the government to stop people falling for online banking scams.
Video replays have been used for the first time in a professional football match in the United States.
Africa's Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations champions Zambia will face Portugal in the group stage of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup in South Korea.
News stories can make you feel sad or scared.
Politicians have been reacting to the death of a prison officer who has died in hospital after a bomb attack last week.
Venezuela has deployed 17,000 troops to its border with Colombia to stop the smuggling of cheap food and fuel.
Poland's media scene is dominated by TV, radio and the internet.
British number one Johanna Konta's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Miami Open ended with a 6-4 6-4 defeat by Karolina Pliskova.
Work is set to start on a new garden centre in Merthyr Tydfil.
James Botham has become the first Cardiff-born player to play for Wales at the World Rugby Under-18 Championship in New Zealand.
Britain's Chris Froome retained the leader's yellow jersey as Michael Matthews won stage 11 of the Tour de France.
If you have been sexually or physically abused by Jimmy Savile or any of the BBC's staff, or if you have been sexually or physically abused by any of the BBC's presenters or other staff, you may want to make an allegation.
Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have begun withdrawing heavy weapons from the front line, under a peace deal.
Royal Mail has warned that increased competition in the UK postal market is threatening its future profits.
Actor Daniel Radcliffe has said he is "one of the least educated people" on Shakespeare.
The Russian President Vladimir Putin has awarded the country's highest military honour, the Order of Courage, to two Russian nurses killed in Syria.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will be "fully loaded" for Saturday's rematch in Dublin.
Colombia's Attorney General Nestor Ordonez has ordered an investigation into the country's police chief, Gen Rodolfo Palomino.
Lionel Messi scored a late winner as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid in La Liga.
Romania captain Ilie Nastase has been thrown out of his team's Fed Cup tie against Great Britain and Johanna Konta was booed by the crowd in Romania.
England striker Jamie Vardy has been named on the 23-man shortlist for the Fifa World XI.
Leyton Orient midfielder James Coppinger has signed a new contract with the League Two club until the end of the season.
At least six people have been killed and at least 40 wounded in two explosions on buses near the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, officials say.
England footballer Adam Johnson had sex with a 15-year-old girl, a court has heard.
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died from a head injury suffered in a crash during Sunday's race.
A four-year-old girl who was seriously injured in a crash which killed her mother and three other people has been released from hospital.
Paddy Barnes' professional debut ended in bizarre fashion when he was stopped by Evgeny Slavchev in Belfast on Saturday night.
Theresa May has said she is "looking forward" to meeting US President Donald Trump in Washington next week.
Gross domestic product (GDP) is the value of all goods and services produced by the economy.
Scotland's education secretary has launched a new online tool to help schools identify the best ways to improve the wellbeing of pupils.
Greece has dropped plans to take the UK to court over the return of the Elgin Marbles.
Spending on social security has increased by £21bn in real terms since the 2010 Autumn Statement, a think tank has said.
Albania qualified for the Euro 2016 finals in France with a 3-0 win over Armenia in Yerevan.
A Holyrood committee is to review building standards in Scotland in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Watford striker Odion Ighalo scored twice as Newcastle United slipped to the bottom of the Premier League table.
Work has started on the first phase of a £3m regeneration of Fishguard town centre.
A prominent Ukrainian opposition politician, Volodymyr Kalashnikov, has been found dead in the capital Kiev.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy's former chief of staff is back in the public eye.
Wrexham have signed Plymouth Argyle striker James Harvey on a two-year deal.
The wallpaper in the room where the Duke of Wellington died at Walmer Castle has been recreated.
Watching a fish tank with more species of fish can make people happier, a 10-minute exposure to an aquarium at the National Marine Aquarium in Plymouth has shown.
Easyjet is planning to use flying robots to help with maintenance of its planes, as part of the airline's "cutting edge" technology programme.
The first trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released.
A Walkers crisp factory in County Durham is to close with the loss of more than 350 jobs.
A former TV music studio in Manchester is being turned into a music production centre.
Dozens of foreign-funded non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in Russia say they have been subjected to unannounced inspections.
The H1N1 flu vaccine Pandemrix has been linked to an increased risk of narcolepsy in children in the UK.
The UK has five universities in the top 200 of a global league table of the world's top 200 universities.
Two new life-size Welsh dragons have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle.
A woman who was given a community payback order for embezzling money while working as a financial adviser has failed to repay the money.
Parents in Australia who refuse to vaccinate their children could lose childcare subsidies.
On 2 July, Venezuelan police officer Oscar Pérez stormed the Supreme Court in the capital, Caracas.
The SNP has been appointed to chair two parliamentary committees.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of the fungus that causes a devastating disease of ash trees.
In case you missed it, here's a daily guide to the key stories, newspaper headlines and quotes from the US presidential campaign.
One of San Francisco's most exclusive streets has been sold at auction for nearly $1,000 (£730, 990) - and residents say they may have to pay for it.
Maxime Biamou scored twice as Sutton secured a 3-0 victory over Gateshead at Gander Green Lane.
The bodies of two German climbers have been found on the Matterhorn mountain in the Swiss Alps, police say.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four games for pushing a referee in Sunday's defeat by Frosinone.
Public Health England has warned that children as young as five are being exposed to second-hand smoke from adults who smoke.
Patients at Reading Hospital are to be given the chance to give their views on the health service.
The UK should introduce a national minimum price for alcohol, a House of Lords select committee has said.
A £31m surfing and water park in Snowdonia has been given a £3m grant by the Welsh government.
Corey Kluber threw a six-hitter as the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 6-0 in Game One of the World Series.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said he "let the team down" in the Monaco Grand Prix.
Brighton & Hove Albion and Leicester City fans' groups have condemned homophobic chanting by rival supporters at a Premier League match.
A loyalist bonfire in west Belfast has been lit on the eve of the Orange Order's annual Twelfth of July celebrations.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is not the most likely candidate to win the White House.
Malini Purve-Jorendal was abandoned by her father in the western Indian city of Pune in 1973.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
One of the Yorkshire Rippers could be moved from a high-security psychiatric hospital to a prison.
Plans to centralise Welsh-medium education at a Powys high school have been opposed by the full council.
Tom DeLonge has denied reports he has quit Blink 182.
A woman had to be rescued by firefighters after getting stuck in a hole in a playground in Flintshire.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is playing "emotionally but very clean", says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has apologised over a corruption scandal that has engulfed her government.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year-old boy was hit by a car in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A petition calling for the reintroduction of the death penalty in the UK has been launched on the government's website.
A three-year-old boy has died on a farm in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh.
South African prosecutors are to appeal against the conviction and sentence given to athlete Oscar Pistorius for killing his girlfriend.
Dunsfold Park Aerodrome in East Lothian has lost a High Court bid to obtain a certificate for unrestricted flying of aircraft.
Oxford United manager Michael Appleton is expected to make changes for the EFL Cup fourth-round tie at home to Championship side Newcastle.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed to sell its Chinese e-commerce business to JD.com.
Plans to devolve tax powers to the Welsh Government without a referendum are a "hollow argument", a former Welsh secretary has said.
UKIP has said it would create a dedicated veterans' minister if it wins the election and increase spending on the armed forces by £4bn a year.
A look back at the top entertainment stories of the week.
The government is preparing to cut subsidies to the renewable energy industry, the BBC has learned.
A group of World War One heroes are being remembered at a service in Cardiff.
Great Britain's Marcus Ellis and Chris Langridge won gold in the men's badminton mixed doubles in Rio.
On the morning of Friday, London Underground workers went on strike in a dispute over driver-only operated trains.
Coventry City fans' group the Sky Blue Trust have criticised the club's owners Sisu for their "desperate" behaviour during Saturday's defeat at Northampton.
China has pledged to work with the US to defuse tensions over North Korea's nuclear programme.
A £500,000 donation has been made to the Glasgow School of Art (GSA) to help restore its fire-damaged Mackintosh building.
David Beckham has posed with an air ambulance doctor who saved the lives of 16 people in a rollercoaster crash.
Environment Minister Mark H Durkan's decision to approve a major Belfast planning framework was unlawful, the High Court has ruled.
League Two side Portsmouth have signed Chesterfield defender Drew Talbot on a two-year deal.
New Hartlepool United manager Craig Hignett says he was taken by surprise by the quality of the players he has seen in training.
Actor George Cole, who has died at the age of 89, was best known for his roles in films such as Henry V and The Belles of St Trinian's.
(Noon): The UK's benchmark FTSE 100 share index has fallen, but the pound has risen after the Bank of England's latest interest rate decision.
Thousands of firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a dispute with the government over changes to their pensions.
Every home and business in the UK will have fast broadband.
Police in Colombia say they have arrested a man accused of setting up an office to sabotage peace talks with the Farc rebel group in Cuba.
Baroness Campbell has been appointed as the Football Association's new head of women's football.
Manchester United have named midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger in their Europa League squad.
Two security guards have been robbed from a cash machine outside the Royal Bank of Scotland in Glasgow.
US President Donald Trump has scrapped the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal on his first day in the White House.
The funeral of John and Barbara Graham, one of two Scots killed in the Tunisia beach attack, has taken place in Perth.
A pair of underpants worn by Queen Victoria are to be sold at auction in Wiltshire.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was furious with a challenge on midfielder Jack Grimmer during his side's win over Stranraer.
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders has been fined for parking in the wrong area at the Euro 2016 tournament.
Kyren Wilson says his record-breaking run of six consecutive centuries at the German Open was the "perfect antidote" to his recent struggles.
Some household products are shrinking in size, according to consumer group Which?
The remains of a newborn baby whose remains were found in a bag a year ago have been identified.
Britain's Chris Froome remained in total control of the Tour de France as Jaroslav Pantano won stage 16.
The government's preferred route for the HS2 high-speed rail line from London to South Yorkshire has been announced.
Barnsley's League One play-off hopes suffered a setback as Chesterfield won at Oakwell.
Energy firm EDF has said it is expected to give the go-ahead for the new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in the UK next week.
A fin whale has been found dead on a beach in Norfolk.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with disorder at the Glasgow derby between Rangers and Celtic.
A BBC Persian presenter has been prevented from travelling to the US to visit her daughter, who was born in Iran.
Schools and the education system in Wales have not done enough to support able and talented pupils, the watchdog Estyn has said.
A teenager who bit off half of a man's ear has been jailed for two years.
New laws in Australia that could see doctors and nurses jailed for revealing medical information about the country's offshore detention centres have sparked fears that the government is trying to "gag" health professionals, writes the BBC's Clarissa Sebag-Montefiore.
Neil Gaiman's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been voted Book of the Year by the public.
The Great British Bake Off returns to our TV screens this week, with the bakers hoping to impress judges Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry.
A cancer hospital in Manchester is being investigated by the health regulator Monitor.
Scientists have recreated the face of a creature that lived 520 million years ago called Calvapilosa.
The Belfast Telegraph is to move to a new premises in the city centre.
The parents of a soldier who died on an SAS selection march have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government has refused to remove legal immunity from prosecution.
A stolen pick-up truck has been found abandoned after a police pursuit.
Plaid Cymru AM Lord Dafydd Elis-Thomas has said the party's group in the assembly was "not willing to seriously participate" in the Welsh Government.
Donald Trump's election as the 45th president of the United States has thrown the world of business into turmoil.
Human rights group Amnesty International has warned of a "new world order" in which governments are using hate speech to justify policies.
The rhetoric from senior NHS officials in England about the all-out strikes by junior doctors in the NHS in England this month has been fierce.
Bath are in talks to sign Wales lock Luke Charteris from French club Racing 92.
The notebooks of World War One poet Edward Thomas are to be restored.
Sussex's Matt Machan hit a stunning career-best 168 as Worcestershire struggled on day one at Hove.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola can "revolutionise" English football, says former Barcelona midfielder Xavi.
Delays in discharging patients from hospital in Scotland are continuing to rise, according to new figures.
A senior leader of India's Maoist rebels has told the BBC that the group will not allow anyone to attack trains in the country.
Knitters in Cambridge are being asked to make bunting for the Tour de France.
A man has been charged with wasting police time in connection with an alleged robbery in Portadown.
In the Tunisian resort town of Sousse, where 38 people were killed by a gunman on the beach, the tourist season is already under way.
A 32-year-old man has been arrested and accused of setting fire to a Florida mosque attended by the Orlando nightclub gunman.
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland (MBA) has urged people to help clean up after mountain bothies.
Wakefield came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons in Perpignan in Super League.
Gloucester hooker Mark Atkinson has signed a new contract with the Premiership club.
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a severe stroke.
Celtic made light work of Partick Thistle at Firhill to move one win away from completing a domestic treble.
Queen's Park thrashed Montrose to boost their Scottish League Two promotion hopes.
Middlesbrough have signed Burnley midfielder Dave Jones on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has recovered money paid into a fraudulent account.
Bradford City have signed striker George Taft from MK Dons on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
US Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has said he would cut off remittances sent to Mexico by people living illegally in the US.
The Conservative candidate for South Wales East at the assembly election has been chosen after a by-election.
Ross County manager Jim McIntyre is one of four managers nominated for the Scottish manager of the year award.
A celebrity at the centre of a legal battle over privacy will have his case heard at the UK's Supreme Court on Wednesday.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma is under growing pressure after his surprise sacking of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
Premier League newcomers Hull City say they will focus on strengthening their squad in the coming weeks as they continue talks about a sale of the club.
The head of Cecil the lion, who was killed by an American hunter in Zimbabwe, is to be placed in a glass case in a national park as a memorial to the animal, a conservationist has told the BBC.
Nicky Ajose's injury-time penalty earned Charlton a 1-1 draw at Gillingham in League One.
Child benefit for high-earners will be withdrawn from 1 April, the government has announced.
The Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) for Devon and Cornwall is to stand down at the next general election.
Swansea City legend Alan Curtis has been appointed as the club's loan player manager.
Youth football matches have been cancelled after travellers set up camp on a playing fields car park.
The Louvre museum and the Eiffel Tower have reopened to the public following the deadly attacks in Paris on Friday.
London Welsh have been disqualified from the British & Irish Cup for fielding an ineligible player.
Middlesex's Dawid Malan hit a career-best 150 as they beat Glamorgan by 95 runs in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
The boss of a private hospital has accused the health watchdog of publishing a report based on "anecdote" and "tittle-tattle".
Police have released CCTV images of two people they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in Aberdeen.
The number of dog attacks in Wales rose from 371 in 2015 to 399 in 2016, new figures show.
The Football Association's first black and minority ethnic (BME) director Heather Rabbatts has resigned from the governing body's board.
Jos Buttler hit the fastest one-day international century as England sealed a 3-2 win over Pakistan in the one-day series in Abu Dhabi.
Two cyclists who died when they were hit by a car being chased by a police officer have been named.
A Scottish online tyre retailer founded by a former Kwik-Fit worker has been bought by the French tyre giant Michelin for £55m.
Conservationists have criticised a draft report on the future of Wales' national parks.
Former England pace bowler Chris Tremlett has announced his retirement from cricket because of injury.
At the CES tech show in Las Vegas, Microsoft has shown off a virtual-reality version of its HoloLens augmented reality headset.
Four men have been rescued after their fishing boat was hit by a wave in the Pentland Firth.
Poland's conservative Law and Justice party has won the most votes in Sunday's general election and will try to form a government on its own.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he fears the US election will be rigged.
A 12-year-old boy who died after an eye test was "preventable", a court has heard.
Burton Albion ended Birmingham City's five-game winning run in the Championship with a deserved victory at the Pirelli Stadium.
St Helens prop Mitch Garbutt has apologised for his actions in Sunday's Super League defeat by Catalans Dragons.
A memorial has been held for one of the four men from Somerset who went missing after their yacht capsized in the North Atlantic.
Falkirk Council has become the first local authority in Scotland to make a £30m contribution to a fund to build social housing.
Kent's Sean Dickson hit the first double century of his first-class career as Derbyshire were made to follow on at Canterbury.
A man has been arrested after a sexual assault in Cardiff city centre, South Wales Police has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Rough and Polished's Mathew Nyaungwa explains why he went to work as a diamond miner.
The Northern line extension to south London has been approved by the government.
The Welsh transport secretary has accused the UK government of a "conspiracy theory" over the future of rail services in Wales.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been working on the International Space Station with Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko.
The deadly attack on the Cappuccino restaurant in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, on Friday, in which at least 20 people were killed, is the latest in a series of attacks by Islamist militants in the former French colony.
A 25-year-old man has died in a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A75 in South Lanarkshire.
A Bangladeshi man who was imprisoned in Pakistan for 15 years has told the BBC he was "cut off from the world" during his ordeal.
The UK-based security firm mSpy has admitted that data from 80,000 of its customers has been leaked on to the dark web.
The boss of Twitter has said the social network needs to do more to stop the abuse on the site, and a farmer who was trolled on Take Me Out has told Newsbeat he's still scared to go out.
The UK's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) should investigate corruption claims surrounding the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids, a UK MP has said.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis is under pressure to step down as boss of the Formula 1 team.
A Spanish newspaper has published documents it says show Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments from a slush fund.
Two more migrants have been killed trying to get to the UK from the French port of Calais.
Britain's Omar Yafai won the vacant WBC international flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over Jose Pedraza at Birmingham's Genting Arena.
Opening hours at a Hampshire country park are to be extended after a campaign.
A Sinn Féin MLA has been ordered to post an apology on Twitter to a former Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) soldier who was shot by the IRA.
Pakistan's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), has said it is embarrassed by the US raid that killed Osama Bin Laden.
A US teenager who posted videos of a drone carrying a gun and a flamethrower is taking legal action to return to school.
Road users have complained of delays at the junction of Elephant and Castle in south London after a controversial roundabout was removed.
Paul Stirling and Eoin Morgan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
Asian shares traded mostly lower on Friday after volatile trading this week.
In the aftermath of Iran's parliamentary elections, the BBC's Ebrahim Noroozi looks at the implications for the country's nuclear deal with world powers.
Former Porto defender Bruno Alves is the "perfect fit" for Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha, according to his former team-mate Mick McCarthy.
Mae Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Ynys Mn yn cael ei llunio Merched y Wawr yn y Gadair yn cael ei chyflwyno am awdl o dan y teitl 'Arwr' 
A man has died in a crash at a speedway meeting in Suffolk.
About 800,000 chemists in India will shut down their shops on Wednesday to protest against online drug sales.
Donald Trump's announcement that former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin is backing him for president is a coup for the billionaire businessman and reality TV star.
A master gardener has said he is "devastated" after flood water swept away his dream garden.
The British National Party's Nick Griffin has been expelled from the party, but what about his personal life?
A new programme to help primary school pupils cope with the transition to secondary school has been launched.
One of three sheep sculptures in Wrexham has been stolen.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says the club will find a solution to the future of Wales midfielder Joe Allen.
A former partner at a Belfast law firm has been questioned by the National Crime Agency (NCA) over the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loans.
Barnsley have signed Aston Villa defender Jordan Suliman on a season-long loan deal.
Every MP has a pet project that they would like to see become a law.
The US state department has said it is to release the first instalment of sanctions relief for Iran under an interim deal on its nuclear programme.
Great Britain's men suffered a 79-77 defeat by the Netherlands in their final warm-up game before Eurobasket qualifying.
Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled a new polymer £10 note which will enter circulation in October.
US President Barack Obama has said the killing of five police officers in Dallas last week has revealed the "deep fault line of our democracy", on a visit to the city.
The wind was so strong, the body of a snake was hammered against the engine of an airliner.
The German media group Axel Springer has bought a majority stake in the US news website Business Insider.
Free transport to a swimming pool in Warrington is to be offered to 200 families.
Nasa's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 new planets outside our Solar System.
About 40 puppies have been seized in a raid by the Irish border force and the Irish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (DSCPA).
EU citizens should be banned from claiming in-work benefits, UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said.
Plans to demolish a modernist building at Durham University have sparked a campaign to save it.
A group of ancient stones in the Cotswolds has won a national award for providing the best views of the night sky.
A body has been found in the River Severn in Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest times in both Superbike practice sessions at the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod on Friday.
A Denbighshire beach at risk of a breach in flood defences could be protected by a new system.
ScotRail has cancelled more than half of its train services over the weekend in a row with drivers' union Aslef.
Hungary's Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto has said his government will not backtrack on controversial laws at the centre of a row with the EU.
At first glance, Jesus the Homeless looks like a man sleeping rough on a park bench.
The US sports memorabilia firm The Topps Company has told customers that payment card details may have been stolen in a hack attack.
South Africa batted through the final day of the third and final Test to keep alive their hopes of a 2-0 series victory in India.
The number of people caught using a mobile phone while driving in Wales has increased since tougher penalties were introduced, campaigners have said.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of animal cruelty after a donkey was attacked in Torfaen.
A search for a new burial site in Oxford has failed to find a suitable site, with the city council spending more than £1m on the project.
US singer Chris Brown was caught up in a shooting at a nightclub in California in which five people were injured.
The US has revived a deal to sell fighter jets to Nigeria that was suspended last year after a deadly air strike on a refugee camp.
MPs have voted against an amendment to the Abortion Act that would have said the practice of "sex selective abortion" is illegal in the UK.
A bid to build 4,000 new homes in a garden village in Surrey has been rejected.
Major changes are needed in the global agriculture sector to deliver food security, the UN's food agency has said, because of the impact of climate change.
A theatre producer has been jailed for two years for stealing more than £100,000 from arts projects.
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement will speak to Chelsea captain John Terry about the defender's future.
Fear tactics are being used in the EU referendum campaign, Gavin Robinson has told MPs.
Afghanistan's former police chief, Gen Mohammad Zahir, has been replaced as head of the Kabul police force.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to double by 2035, according to official figures.
Climate change could lead to the extinction of some butterfly species in the UK, according to a new study.
A cyclist has died in a crash on the A90 near Beattock in Dumfries and Galloway.
A call centre firm is creating 300 jobs in Cardiff.
In our series of letters from African journalists, filmmaker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the most interesting stories of the year in Africa.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in a town centre.
A father has had his jail term increased for his role in the murder of a man during a raid on his home.
Oldham in Greater Manchester has been named the most deprived town in England, according to new figures.
Julie Ball is to co-host the Olivier Awards for the third time.
A tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 300th anniversary of the birth of the landscape gardener Capability Brown.
A British couple who died in a helicopter crash in New Zealand were celebrating their 50th birthdays, their daughter has said.
The number of Scottish businesses going into administration is continuing to fall, according to the latest figures from accountants KPMG.
Derry, Cavan and Monaghan all make changes to their teams for Saturday's All-Ireland Football qualifiers as the counties attempt to secure their place in the next round.
A police community support officer (PCSO) who gave information to a violent drug dealer has been jailed for two years.
A man who burned his landlord to death in a microwave oven has been jailed for life.
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion.
A Scottish man who has been missing in India has been found safe and well.
Patient safety will be "compromised" by the NHS 111 phone line, health bosses have warned.
Striker Matt Green says he turned into an "unhappy player" at Mansfield Town after his contract was cancelled by the club.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones and other GB Taekwondo athletes may have been subjected to "unfair" treatment, a leading medical body has said.
David Lloyd's third County Championship century of the season helped Glamorgan to a draw with Sussex at Hove.
Airdrie Savings Bank has appointed the boss of Scotland's largest community bank as its new chairman.
A payday lender who preyed on vulnerable people has been given a suspended jail sentence after he repaid more than £30,000 to his victims.
One of Jamaica's leading anti-doping experts has warned that the country's athletes could be "the tip of the iceberg" of drug cheats in sport.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the new coach of Italy on a two-year deal, with a salary of 1.5m (£1m).
Shrewsbury Town survived a Blackpool fightback to earn a League One win.
The UK's EU referendum campaign has been dominated by arguments about whether the UK should stay in or leave the European Union, but the story of the UK's relationship with the EU is a tale of two halves.
The body of former Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos will be moved to the Heroes' Cemetery in Manila, President Rodrigo Duterte has said.
Five suspected victims of modern slavery and human trafficking have been rescued from Chinese restaurants in the West Midlands.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has plummeted since the EU struck a deal with Turkey to stop them.
A pensioner whose bike was stolen after she forgot to lock it in a supermarket car park has been given a new one.
Relatives of the 10 people who died in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow have said they feel "let down" after a meeting with investigators.
Mario Balotelli has said he will leave the pitch if he is racially abused again.
Two friends who were injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers are to host a fundraising event to raise money for two charities.
Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo has beaten Orson Welles's Citizen Kane to be named the greatest film of all time.
David Sweat has been shot and captured after three weeks on the run from a maximum security prison in New York.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed during a traffic stop.
US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
Fishermen in southern Cambodia used to earn as little as $2 a day for their catch of mangrove shrimp.
Ravel Morrison has signed for West Ham United from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee.
In the wake of the deadly attacks in San Bernardino, California, Republican presidential hopefuls have been warning that the US is in the midst of the "next world war".
In case you missed them, here are some of the top stories from Oxford University this week.
A Galashiels man has appeared in court following a drugs raid in the Borders.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says the players are determined to reach the knockout stages of Euro 2016.
The issue of teacher shortages in parts of the north of Scotland has been the subject of a number of high-profile public meetings in recent months.
A 98-year-old woman has been "thrilled" to meet her "great icon" George Clooney after staff at a care home fulfilled her wish to meet him.
Work to repair a road where a sinkhole opened up a year ago has begun.
Everton have signed Leicester City's head of recruitment Steve Walsh on a three-year deal.
Striker Jon Walters is expected to be fit for the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 games against Sweden and Italy on Tuesday after missing training.
England fly-half Owen Farrell has signed a new contract with Saracens that will keep him at Allianz Park until 2020.
A Royal Mail postman has apologised to a customer after a parcel fell down a toilet.
Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored late goals as National League Sutton United came from behind to beat League Two Cheltenham Town in the FA Cup second round.
All photographs Gareth Iwan Jones.
A former soldier who served with the Iraq Historic Abuse Team (IHAT) has said allegations of abuse were "of the highest order".
The former governor of Nigeria's oil-rich Delta state, James Ibori, has pleaded guilty to money-laundering charges in the UK.
A hotel in the Scottish Borders is looking to recruit a "fun and creative" events manager.
Scotland centre Tim Visser says head coach Vern Cotter has made the right selection for the match against South Africa.
Hundreds of mothers have staged breastfeeding protests in support of a Staffordshire mother who was stopped by a passer-by for feeding her baby in public.
Fleetwood stunned National League side Southport in extra time to reach the FA Cup second round.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate her pregnancies has won a legal challenge at the High Court in Belfast.
Are you a musician who deserves a blue plaque?
The NHS in England is "withering away" under the Conservatives, a group of doctors and public health experts have warned in an open letter to voters.
The Mexican authorities in the southern state of Oaxaca say they have begun deliveries of food to people who have been affected by protests by a teachers' union.
A powerful 7.6 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu in the South Pacific.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said the country's political expenses system is "not fit for purpose".
A reward of £20,000 has been offered for information about the murder of schoolgirl Caroline Glachan.
Goals from Emanuele Giaccherini and Graziano Pelle gave Italy victory over Belgium in their Euro 2016 opener in Lille.
Rory McIlroy will share the lead with Victor Dubuisson and Jaco van Zyl after the third round of the Turkish Open.
Great Britain's David Swift has announced his retirement from skeleton.
Firefighters have been tackling a fire at a thatched house in Suffolk.
A blunder at a West Midlands hospital led to the body of a politician being sent to the wrong mortuary, a report has found.
A new combined authority for Cambridgeshire and Peterborough has been told to increase its budget by more than £2m to £1.7m.
Britain's Andy Lapthorne secured his place in the quad doubles final at the Australian Open with victory in the semi-finals.
Snow has been falling in parts of the north of England, causing disruption.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train at a level crossing.
Gatwick Airport has accused the chairman of the Airports Commission of being biased in a row over Heathrow expansion.
Cardiff's Principality Stadium would be happy to host a Anthony Joshua fight, says chief executive Martyn Phillips.
Manager Lee Clark says Kilmarnock's promotion to the top flight is a warning to his players.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed midfielder Charlie Weston from Wycombe Wanderers.
Former department store chain BHS has launched a new online business selling home and garden products.
When Joba Rani's crops were destroyed by a cyclone last year she had to sell three of the cows she had borrowed from a microfinance company to pay off her debt.
The White House spokesman has said the US is drafting a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay prison.
Drivers on the Luas tram system in Dublin have returned to work after a pay dispute was resolved.
A Conservative candidate has been libelled over claims he traded oil with the so-called Islamic State group.
More than two million people have signed a petition against a free trade deal between the European Union and the US.
Former Bolton Wanderers striker Dean Holdsworth has agreed a deal to buy the club, BBC Radio Manchester understands.
Scotland stunned Ireland at Murrayfield to claim their second win in a row in the Six Nations.
Scientists have used a gene editing system to treat mice with cancer.
Lydney Harbour in the Forest of Dean is to be handed over to a smokery.
The winners of the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize have been announced at a ceremony in the Norwegian capital, Oslo.
The Belfast Giants beat the Cardiff Capitals 3-0 at the SSE Arena on Thursday night to go top of the Elite League.
Britain's Lani Belcher won silver in the women's K1 200m at the Canoe Sprint World Championships in Milan.
Alton Towers has defended its response to the rollercoaster crash at the theme park.
The Sydney Opera House has been evacuated and a man has been arrested after a security alert in the Australian city.
Seven asylum seekers accused of rioting at the Australian detention centre on Christmas Island are being transferred to the mainland.
Meat inspectors in the UK are warning that a change in the way pigs' heads are slaughtered in the UK is putting lives at risk.
League One side Charlton Athletic have re-signed Chelsea defender Callum Dasilva on a season-long loan deal.
The mother and grandmother of a teenager who drowned during a school swimming lesson have pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm.
At least six people are missing after a building collapsed in the southern Italian city of Naples.
Former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United midfielder Michael Sweeney says the North East was a factor in his decision to sign for Gateshead.
British astronaut Tim Peake has answered questions from primary school children in a live webcast.
A fugitive who inflicted life-changing injuries on his seven-week-old son has been jailed.
US reading teacher Carol Atwell has won a $1m (£700,000) prize for the world's best teacher.
north Wales should be given more power to work with the "Northern Powerhouse", the chief executive of Greater Manchester has said.
Torquay United have signed former Tranmere Rovers defender James Coppinger on a two-year deal.
Adele has stunned Beyonce by refusing to accept best album of the year at the Grammys.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said his side's 2-1 win over West Brom was a "massive result".
The UK government has agreed to set up a patent court in Scotland.
A $150,000 (£91,000) dress worn by actress Lupita Nyong'o at the Oscars has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles.
Radiohead have released their version of the theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre.
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 3-0 in their second match at the EuroHockey Championships in Berlin.
Some police officers in England and Wales are earning more than £50,000 a year for working overtime, the BBC has learned.
Archaeologists have discovered a spur of stone walling that is thought to have been part of the defences at John O'Groats Castle.
A Canadian ice cream company is offering to help buy a school in a small town in Nova Scotia that is facing closure.
A firm has had its environmental permit revoked after a fire at a fuel recycling plant in Manchester.
As Apple's Sir Jonathan Ive and Google's Tony Fadell prepare to go head-to-head in the wearable tech race, the BBC's James Reynolds meets the man behind Nest and Google's ill-fated Glass computer.
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini's bid to become the next president of Fifa.
Gillingham slipped out of the League One play-off places as Shrewsbury came from behind to win.
Judy Murray and Colin Montgomerie's plan for a sports and housing development in Stirling has been branded "not sufficiently convincing".
The RSPCA has warned of the dangers of owning a pet raccoon dog.
Last night, Ed Miliband kissed a woman on the lips at the start of his speech to the Labour conference in Brighton.
A Russian fighter jet has conducted an "unsafe" intercept of a US reconnaissance plane in the Black Sea, US defence officials say.
The disappearing-message service Snapchat has said that videos posted on the service now account for eight billion views a day.
Mobile phone provider Three has apologised after some of its customers received "incorrect" text messages.
A primary school in Sydney, Australia, has banned students from clapping at school assemblies.
A "legendary" Plaid Cymru leader was the most recognisable name of Wales' four MEPs in a survey of 3,272 people.
In 2005, the Daily Telegraph ran a front page story about Bruno, the Italian footballer who had been suffering from depression.
Welsh taekwondo fighter Lauren Williams says she is feeling the pressure after winning a bronze medal at the European Championships.
Britain's IBF heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has been ordered to defend his WBA world heavyweight title against American Victor Ortiz.
Police have surrounded the offices of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) in Abuja.
The Northern Ireland Curlew has been added to a list of birds of conservation concern by the RSPB Northern Ireland.
Burnley defender Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to replace the injured Adam Johnson.
French author Michel Houellebecq has won the prestigious Goncourt Prize for literature for his satirical novel The Map and the Territory.
A cyclist has died in a suspected hit-and-run in east London.
France's Alexander Levy extended his lead at the weather-delayed BMW International in Bad Griesbach to six shots.
The former Battersea Power Station in south London has been put up for sale.
Two US soldiers have been killed in an insider attack by a member of the US-led Nato coalition in southern Afghanistan, the alliance says.
New Scotland head coach Gregor Townsend says Saturday's final Pro12 game of the season will be "important" in finalising his squad for the summer tour.
Port Vale's young goalkeeper Jack Smith is attracting interest from Championship clubs, says the club's director of football Les Smurthwaite.
A Colombian military plane has crashed in the south of the country, killing all 21 people on board.
Activity in China's manufacturing sector shrank at its fastest pace in more than two years in July, a survey has indicated.
An own goal from Genoa's Armando Izzo gave second-placed Roma a 1-0 win at the Stadio Luigi Ferraris to cut Juventus' lead at the top of Serie A.
World War II veterans who transported supplies to the Soviet Union have been awarded medals by the Russian embassy in London.
Four men have been charged with attempting to murder police officers after a bomb was found in Lurgan, County Armagh.
Dame Shirley Bassey has topped the album chart with her latest album.
Human remains have been found near a motorway slip road where a skull was discovered.
The number of cases of a cholera outbreak in Haiti has increased, the health ministry has said.
The idea of scrapping free school meals for all infant pupils in England's primary schools is a tough one to stomach.
The weakness in the UK construction sector may have been underestimated, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
Chinese officials threatened to cancel President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK last year, the Queen has been told.
Wrexham have appointed former player Dean Keates as their new manager on a permanent basis.
A man who tried to sell herbal cannabis to help pay off his debts has been jailed for six months.
How can we improve the air we breathe?
The 12-year-old boy who stole the show at the Grammy Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday has been praised in Indonesia.
A 28-year-old woman has been arrested by police investigating the murder of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
The Northern Ireland's first minister has backed a campaign by survivors of the Thalidomide scandal to secure compensation from the German government.
The comet on which Europe's Rosetta probe is on a mission to orbit around the Sun, 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, has a new mystery.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has faced growing calls to quit the race after obscene comments about women.
The family of Oscar Pistorius have accused a South African woman of posing as the athlete's lawyer, after she appeared in court charged with fraud.
Bernard Tomic said he will retire from tennis after his defeat by Alexander Zverev in the second round at Wimbledon.
A Spanish court has ordered Barcelona's Brazilian star Neymar and his father to pay 8.6m euros ($10.8m; £7.7m) in back taxes.
Fidel Castro, the former Cuban revolutionary leader who has died at the age of 90, and the Queen, who has died at the age of 91, were two of the world's most famous people.
A 16-year-old boy was abducted and assaulted in a suspected honour-based attack in Blackburn.
Adam Silberman's book about autism has won the £25,000 Samuel Johnson Prize for Non-Fiction.
Striker Alex Danson has been named in the Great Britain squad for the two-Test series against the Netherlands after recovering from injury.
A man has been arrested after a number of vehicles and an aircraft were deliberately set on fire in Wiltshire.
The deputy first minister has said his mother found out he was an IRA man when she found a beret in the family home.
Thousands of people from Northern Ireland have travelled to the Republic of Ireland to visit relatives and friends.
A County Tyrone man who admitted causing the death of a County Fermanagh woman in a head-on crash has been jailed for six months.
Two Syrian men have been sentenced to two years in prison for people smuggling after the death of Alan Kurdi.
South Africa scrum-half Wilhelm van Rooyen says his Southern Kings team would prefer to play in the Pro12.
Israel "deeply regrets" the harm caused to Palestinian civilians during the 2014 war in Gaza, a government report has said.
Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Germany at Hampden Park on Monday is likely to be a stern test of the Scots' ability to cope with the threat of the world champions.
Former world champion Nathan Cleverly says his world title fight against Juergen Braehmer could be his last if he loses.
Thirty-seven of Sir Winston Churchill's paintings have been accepted for public display after his daughter left them to the nation.
A week on from the Manchester Arena attack, the streets of the city centre are eerily quiet.
A woman was left shaken after a thief hit her with a crowbar during a robbery attempt in Aberdeen.
Tinie Tempah's record label is based in London's West End, but the rapper's home is in his mother's house in Hertfordshire.
The iconic British trench coat maker Aquascutum is set to be sold.
Dozens of people queued up at a cash machine in North Lanarkshire to withdraw extra money.
A building at the University of Aberdeen is to be closed after asbestos was found.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected.
The biggest ever expansion in the number of doctor training places in England has been announced.
Chris Ashton scored two tries as Saracens thrashed Bath at Allianz Park.
League One side Wycombe Wanderers have signed Leyton Orient's Kashket Kashket and Southampton defender Nathan Gape on loan.
From Tony Pulis to Kevin Keegan, there are plenty of managers who have enjoyed - or endured - more than one spell with a club in the English Football League.
A woman has spoken of the "horrendous" ordeal of being tricked into sending 3,750 to a "lovebomb" scammer.
Japan's Supreme Court has ruled that wives cannot legally take their husbands' surnames, in a ruling that has been widely criticised.
Scarlets hooker Ken Owens says Ospreys' recent winning run could be a "glitch" after their defeat by the Ospreys.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder James Read says the Outlaws can win the One-Day Cup on Finals Day.
Matt Goss has said Strictly Come Dancing has helped him overcome severe depression.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is expected to announce his vice-presidential running mate in the coming days.
Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan increased by 5% in the last year, according to a UN report, despite government efforts to eradicate the crop.
Parents can't take children out of school for holidays during a school term, the UK Supreme Court has ruled.
A brothel madam jailed for running a child sex ring with former Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath has denied he was a client.
For decades men who have had sex with men in the UK have been banned from donating blood.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed England lock Calum Clark from Northampton Saints.
The Greek government has called a referendum on 5 July on the terms of a third bailout deal with international lenders.
It's been a week that's left England cricket in a state of shock and disbelief after a summer of turmoil.
Lancashire's One-Day Cup match against Middlesex ended in a draw after rain prevented any play.
Former Wales captain Jonathan Davies has warned against shortening the Six Nations tournament to six weeks.
A body has been found during a search for a missing cyclist in Cornwall.
Work has started on a £2m restoration of a Victorian cemetery.
Nurses, pharmacists and other NHS staff in England could be used to fill in for junior doctors.
More than 3,000 people have been evacuated from the last rebel-held part of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Red Cross says.
The number of people killed in an attack on an airbase in Libya last week has risen to 140, officials say.
When the government announced that tuition fees in the UK will rise to £9,250 a year from September, it was widely welcomed.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed Jo Glass as shadow education secretary, following the resignation of Lucy Powell.
England and Scotland meet at Wembley in a 2018 World Cup qualifier on Friday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the US and Russia are at a "low point" in relations.
The Northern Powerhouse, the government's plan for the north west of England to be at the heart of the UK's economy, is a huge opportunity for Cheshire.
A man from London has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a man who was stabbed in a Belfast hotel.
Thousands of Ugandan, Burundian and Kenyan soldiers fighting in Somalia have not been paid their deployment allowance, the BBC has learned.
A 19-year-old man and a 15-year-old girl have been arrested in Sydney, New South Wales (NSW) police say.
Nasa has developed a new type of plastic that could be used in space.
collie dogs may be able to help prevent the spread of E. coli, a new study suggests.
A protected bird of prey has been found shot dead in Bedfordshire.
The Labour Party's leadership contest between Jeremy Corbyn and Owen Smith has seen a surge in the number of new members joining the party.
Police could apply for extra powers to stop and search people at the Champions League final on Saturday.
A Cambodian activist who has spent more than 20 years fighting to protect the country's forests has won the 2016 Goldman Environmental Prize.
Christian Eriksen's late winner moved Tottenham back to the top of the Premier League with victory at Manchester City.
Child marriage is the biggest threat to the rights of the last girl in the world, according to a report by the charity Save the Children.
Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One club Sunderland Ladies.
Scottish author Irvine Boyd is to write the next official James Bond novel.
A table tennis coach has admitted travelling to Scotland to have sex with a teenage girl.
A pumpkin grower has set a new world record for the heaviest pumpkin grown from a seed.
McLaren-Honda Formula 1 boss Eric Boullier says the team can finish in the top 10 of the world championship by the second half of the season.
David Cameron has pledged to double free childcare for working parents in England.
The Plaid Cymru leader has accused Theresa May of being "too soft" on extremism.
Wigan Athletic defender Ben Watson will be out for "as long as we initially thought" after suffering a broken leg in Saturday's defeat at Liverpool.
As the Labour leadership campaign continues, the BBC's political correspondent Stephen Sackur assesses Jeremy Corbyn's appeal.
Munster are being investigated by European Champions Cup organisers for an incident involving Conor Murray against Glasgow on Saturday.
MSPs are to examine the controversial payments to returning officers who oversee elections and referendums.
Police are investigating the death of a 70-year-old man in Saltcoats.
In the kitchen of her flat in north London, Sian Sen loves to cook.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is not worried about the club's summer transfer window spending.
The environment minister did not breach a ministerial code by approving a controversial planning framework that blocked a John Lewis store in Belfast, the High Court has heard.
Glamorgan made it two wins from two in the One-Day Cup with a 72-run victory over Gloucestershire at the SSE Swalec Stadium.
A plan to protect part of Dumfries town centre from the River Whitesands is to be published as a flood protection scheme.
A campaign has been launched to help cattle farmers in England reduce the risk of bovine TB entering their herds.
A 92-year-old woman has said she wanted to "go out in a blaze of glory" at the London Marathon.
The prime minister has accused Labour of "scaremongering" over the future of a hospital in the Corby by-election campaign.
Michael Johnston has stepped down as majority shareholder of Kilmarnock.
More than 100 men have attended a conference in Doncaster to encourage them to report domestic abuse.
Everton were knocked out of the Europa League in the group stage as Krasnodar striker Martin Laborde's first-half goal proved enough.
Jockey Frankie Buick says he is "lucky to be alive" after breaking his neck in a fall.
Adults in the UK are going to the polls today to vote in the general election.
Leicester City's players say Craig Shakespeare should be given the Leicester City manager's job on a long-term basis.
The SDLP has called for an inquiry into the number ofSeparated Children who have gone missing in Northern Ireland.
The metro system in Brussels is to reopen on Wednesday, a week after it was closed in the wake of the Paris attacks.
A section of the M1 motorway was closed after an "aircraft emergency" involving a plane.
The sixth and final series of US drama Breaking Bad is to be shown on Channel 5 in the UK.
The Bank of England's chief economist Andy Haldane has said the case for raising interest rates is "still some way from being made".
Leicester Tigers speedway team have been saved from going into administration.
The US poverty rate held steady last year, the US Census Bureau has said.
Volunteers are being sought to help with restoration work at a former opencast copper mine in Cumbria.
Hundreds of girls are being sexually abused in Rotherham, the BBC has learned.
Sam Allardyce wants England to banish the painful memories of Euro 2016 when they face Slovakia in their World Cup qualifier in Trnava on Friday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 16-year-old girl at Birmingham New Street railway station.
The UK's defence secretary has said the idea of a European army is "pointless".
The bodies of all five people on board a helicopter that crashed in Snowdonia have been found.
The death of the Taliban leader, Mullah Akhtar Mansour, in a US missile strike on Saturday was a major blow to the insurgency in Afghanistan.
A bike hire scheme has been relaunched in Oxfordshire.
The Colombian government and the country's largest rebel group, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (Farc), have asked the UN to set up a mechanism to monitor a ceasefire.
A US court has ruled that a short sample used in Madonna's Vogue does not amount to copyright infringement.
Work on a long-awaited road to ease traffic congestion in a Swansea town will start next year.
A grand piano once owned by King George III has been returned to the Royal Pavilion in Brighton.
India's economy grew slower than expected in the October-to-December quarter of last year, adding to pressure on the government.
Blackberry has announced a new Android-powered smartphone in a bid to revive its fortunes.
A collection of film stills from Richard Attenborough's career is expected to fetch up to £50,000 at auction.
A witness in the Surjit Singh Chhokar murder trial has called the accused's lawyer Gordon Findlay a liar after he accused him of lying.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has promised to end an "epidemic" of zero-hours contracts.
The end of Les Hutchison's ownership of Motherwell has been a long time coming.
An appeal for information about the murder of a teenage girl in Blackpool 10 years ago is to be made at the home of the town's football team.
Regulated rail fares, including season tickets, will rise by Regulated Price Index (RPI) inflation rates of up to 3.6%, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has said.
The Ministry of Defence's specialist trauma unit at St George's Hospital has opened a new centre for injured military veterans, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Portraits are to be painted on the walls of the University of Oxford's halls of residence.
Derbyshire will return to the T20 Blast next season despite their quarter-final exit, says head coach Gary Wilson.
Great Britain's women's football team would have won the gold medal at the Olympics, says England manager Mark Sampson.
Spotlight has been named best film at the New York Film Society awards.
Poet Owen Sheers has won the Wales Book of the Year award for his poem, Pink Mist, about war in Afghanistan.
Ben Duckett and Ian Bell-Drummond's record-breaking performances for the England Lions in the one-day tri-series will push them to international selection, says former national team director Andy Flower.
In our series of letters from Indian journalists, film-maker and writer Sharmila Tagore talks about her collection of 25,000 matchbox labels.
Athletes at the Olympics in Rio have been spotted with red circles on their skin, which they say are caused by hot cups.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has said the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead this weekend.
Downton Abbey's Michelle Dockery and Dominic West are to star in a revival of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse.
Manchester City's Ramadan Sobhi and Al Ahly's Amr Warda have been left out of Egypt's preliminary squad for the Africa Cup of Nations.
The organisers of the Wickerman Festival have announced a new stage at this year's event.
A paramedic thought a gas explosion was a "possible plane crash" when a house collapsed, an inquest has heard.
Harry Potter author JK Rowling is celebrating the 50th anniversary of the publication of the last book in the series, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Hundreds of people have been looting shops in the Venezuelan state of Sucre in protest at shortages of food and medicine.
A letting agent that helps homeless people claim housing benefit is making more than £11,000 per year, a BBC investigation has found.
Captain Greig Laidlaw says Scotland must be "subtle and clever" to beat France in Paris on Saturday.
Same-sex couples in Australia are preparing to vote in a national referendum on whether to legalise same sex marriage.
Opposition parties in South Korea have ended a record-breaking filibuster in parliament, making speeches for 72 hours.
The Eurovision Song Contest is one of the biggest and most prestigious in the world of music.
The Royal Mint has struck more than 2,000 silver coins to mark the birth of the new royal baby.
Japan and South Korea have held their first high-level talks in two years, in an attempt to ease strained ties.
Roy Hodgson fears Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick has suffered ankle ligament damage in England's 1-0 win over Spain.
An inquest into the death of schoolgirl Alice Gross is to examine how her killer came to be in the UK, a coroner has ruled.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) - formerly known as the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat - has emerged as one of North Africa's most dangerous militant groups, with attacks in Algeria, Tunisia and Libya.
An MP has been reunited with a "smashful" toy bunny she found outside the Palace of Westminster.
A US magistrate has ordered a woman to unlock her iPhone using her fingerprint.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila believes his side still have a chance of reaching the Europa League knockout stage despite defeat by Ajax.
Defender Graeme Shinnie has signed a new three-year contract with Aberdeen.
Britain's Jamie McDonnell will defend his WBA world bantamweight title against Colombia's Jose Rosas on Saturday, 22 November.
In our series of letters from the BBC, the former governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, explains why he decided to stay in the job until 2021.
A controversial end-of-life care pathway (LCP) in England should be phased out, a report is expected to say.
A "vulnerable" man was stabbed to death in his own home by a group of street drinkers, a court has heard.
Russian computer hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty of hacking into US businesses and stealing millions of credit card numbers.
A cat was stabbed in the neck in a "senseless" attack.
New Zealand's Lanky the pelican, who has lived at a zoo in Wellington for 40 years, has been put down.
The proportion of top A-level grades has risen this year, but the overall pass rate has fallen.
An outbreak of measles at a nursery school in Neath Port Talbot has been declared.
Macedonia's President Gjorge Ivanov has sacked the country's chief prosecutor over a corruption scandal.
The route taken to deliver the message of victory at the Battle of Waterloo has been retraced to mark the 200th anniversary of the event.
The Russian state was involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, the public inquiry has heard.
Head teachers have said they are "disappointed" that Chancellor Philip Hammond has not used the Autumn Statement to address funding pressures in schools in England.
Children eligible for free school meals are being identified and put at risk of bullying in schools, an AM has claimed.
A therapy that retrains the body's immune system to fight HIV has shown promise in early trials.
A number of police officers are to be questioned after a prisoner lost part of his fingers while in custody.
Young people in the world's fastest-growing major economy, Ivory Coast, are the key to the country's future.
Dover Athletic have signed Gala N'Gala after his proposed move to League One side Gillingham was blocked by Fifa rules.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he wants to keep Kane Hemmings at Dens Park but admits the striker is attracting interest from other clubs.
The Royal British Legion is asking people to rethink who they think of when they think of Remembrance, in a campaign to raise money for veterans.
Brian Graham scored a late winner as Ross County beat Linlithgow Rose in the Scottish Cup.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US and Canada box office in its opening weekend.
Andrew Lloyd Webber has said West End musical ticket prices are "ridiculous".
A couple who live in the Arctic Circle have created an app that could help people escape natural disasters.
David Miller and Jacques Rudolph shared a century stand as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by 14 runs in the T20 Blast at Cheltenham.
The inventor of the World Wide Web, Sir Tim Berners-Lee, has called for an end to the internet as we know it.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested after a woman's body was found.
Two days of terror attacks in France have left 17 people dead and many more injured.
Prince Philip has become the Queen's longest-serving consort in British history.
Hundreds of flats in Brighton are to be demolished to make way for new affordable housing.
A millionaire was shot in the leg by an intruder who burst into his home armed with a stocking over his head, a court has heard.
Taylor Swift used to be one of the biggest artists on Spotify.
McLaren's Jenson Button says Formula 1 drivers are "doubtful" about the safety of the new street circuit in Baku for this weekend's inaugural Grand Prix.
The new chief minister of the Indian capital, Delhi, is continuing his sit-in protest against what he calls the central government's "failure".
Crime gangs are increasingly using encrypted mobile phones to communicate, police have said.
Tickets for the 2015 BBC Sports Personality of the Year show in Belfast have sold out.
Disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong has told the BBC he would not return to racing in 2015.
Manager Chris Coleman says Wales' Euro 2016 match against Russia will not be the end of the journey for his side, even if they beat the hosts.
John McGuinness is a legend of the Isle of Man TT road races.
Sussex's Luke Wells says he is determined to deliver better results for the club.
Residents have vowed to chain themselves to a boulder in a village after it was allegedly hit by a car.
A campaign to raise money for disabled pensioner Alan Barnes after he was mugged has raised more than £300,000.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said it plans to set aside a further £3.1bn to cover the mis-selling of payment protection insurance (PPI).
A painting of a Powys aristocrat has been bought by the National Trust.
Up to five per cent of subsidised bus services in Wales could be cut, local councils have warned.
South Africa's Supreme Court of Appeal judge Thokozile Masipa has asked me to take a week off and then return to court on 5 May.
The Turkish authorities have lifted a ban on female police officers wearing headscarves, the state-run Anadolu news agency reports.
The UK's intelligence agency GCHQ has approved five master's degree courses in cyber security.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering an 86-year-old woman at her home in Norwich.
At least two people have been killed in overnight clashes in the Lebanese capital, Beirut.
The family of a man who lost two teeth after he was punched by a care worker at a private hospital in Bristol say they were told the attack was an accident.
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper Ofir Marciano on a two-year deal.
One of the greatest hockey players in history, Gordie Howe, has died at the age of 88.
A UK government agency set up to encourage private investment in the developing world has spent £27m on travel, the National Audit Office (NAO) has found.
A man who was wrongly convicted of an IRA-style pub robbery in the 1970s says he has been "soul-destroying" in his fight for compensation.
The EU referendum should not be held on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish elections, Labour has said.
Jack Marriott continued his recent goalscoring form with a double in Peterborough's 2-1 win over Rotherham.
Formula 1 driver Jules Bianchi's recovery from severe head injuries sustained in a crash at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix is a "miracle", says his trainer.
The financial services company, Axiom, is to create almost 100 new jobs in Belfast.
Police are trying to identify a man who pretended to be a taxi driver in a break-in at a house.
Ryan Farmer won the opening race of the British Moto2 meeting at Knockhill on Saturday.
UK retail sales volumes fell in May, official figures have shown, as prices continued to rise.
The Gambia has announced it is pulling out of the Commonwealth.
A social worker who failed to make regular visits to mental health patients has been banned from the profession for life.
UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has rejected calls for the UK to start formal negotiations to leave the EU as soon as possible.
The US justice department has announced new rules that require police to get a search warrant before using technology to locate mobile phones.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has declared three days of national mourning after the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
A dog at the centre of a campaign to save it from being destroyed will be returned to its owners on Monday.
Manchester City have asked Everton for £50m for England defender John Stones.
More than 2,000 homes in the Republic of Ireland have been left without power as strong winds sweep across the country.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south London.
Two men who died in a car crash have been named by police.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered to a friend "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson said he was "proud" of his side's commitment in their 2-2 draw at Newcastle after a week of criticism.
The new penalty shootout system will be introduced in the English Football League next season.
A woman who has been selling poppies for more than 75 years has been named the UK's oldest poppy collector.
A woman has told the inquest into the death of County Tyrone teenager Arlene Arkinson how she was sexually assaulted by the child killer Robert Howard.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is "determined" to complete a bailout deal after parliament approved new austerity measures, his spokesman has said.
On 8 June adults will vote to decide who will run the UK.
Headingley could host a day-night County Championship match in the future.
A sculpture by Henry Moore is to be returned to east London after a five-year legal battle.
A Londonderry man has been told to "go easy on the paella and cerveza" by a judge after texting his solicitor to postpone his driving offences.
A newly crowned Miss America has sparked controversy after saying the US healthcare system is a "privilege".
YouTube is cracking down on people who buy fake video views.
China's first space station is expected to fall back to Earth over the weekend.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Napoleon Oduro looks at the growing demand for chicken in Africa.
Ian Cameron, the father of Prime Minister David Cameron, has died at the age of 86.
The Syrian government says it will allow the evacuation of the last rebel-held district of the central city of Homs.
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says there is no reason why his side cannot improve after reaching the European Champions Cup final.
A statue of legendary cricket umpire Dickie Bird has been raised to stop people removing items from it.
A group of former supermarket bosses have warned that grocery prices could rise if the UK votes to leave the EU in June.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United on a one-year contract.
A samba school in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro has won the Rio de Janeiro state carnival.
Wales is "paying the price" for its green energy policy, a leading barrister has said.
Diesel has been cheaper than petrol in the UK for the first time in more than a decade.
Ireland's Andrew English won the 800m at the European Team Cup in Vaasa, Finland.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on all young people to register to vote in June.
Victims of crime in England and Wales would have the right to challenge police decisions not to prosecute under Labour plans.
As a potato trader in the 1980s and 1990s, and as a crisp-maker in the early 2000s, Richard Chase has a knack for telling a story.
A Syrian government official has said a shipment of chemical weapons destined for the coast has been intercepted by "terrorist groups".
The father of a six-year-old girl who drowned at a holiday park told an inquest he thought she was safe in a swimming pool for a friend's birthday party.
Openers Daryl Mitchell and Brett D'Oliveira hit centuries as Worcestershire took control against Derbyshire at Derby.
India's surprise move to scrap 500 ($7.) and 1,000 rupee notes is a "one-time flushing out" of the cash economy, a leading economist has warned.
Bradford City's unbeaten start to the season came to an end as Oxford United snatched a stoppage-time winner at the Kassam Stadium.
A plan to build more than 500 homes in a village has been rejected by the government.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" for Australia's World Cup match against England at Twickenham on Saturday.
Thor star Tom Hiddleston has spoken for the first time about his relationship with pop star Taylor Swift, saying it is "not a publicity stunt".
The Northern Ireland's most senior judge has said the Law Commission for Northern Ireland (LCJ) has a legal obligation to fund inquests into the Troubles.
Surrey bowled out Nottinghamshire for 187 on the final day to secure their first County Championship win of the season.
The last two Scottish journalists working on Fleet Street in London's West End say they feel "un unworthy" of the torch it once held.
A GP surgery in Dorset which was rated inadequate by the health watchdog has been taken out of special measures.
At the Singapore Management University (SMU) in the city-state, a group of students are sitting down for a lecture.
Bayern Munich moved seven points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with victory at Stuttgart.
England's Paul Casey, Tommy Fleetwood and Rory McIlroy all missed the cut at the US Open as the world's top three players failed to make the cut.
Mental health services in West Berkshire are to be overhauled to help children and young people with emotional and behavioural problems.
A new critical care air ambulance service is to be launched in north Wales.
The husband of a British-Iranian charity worker jailed in Iran has said her father is "terrified" she is appealing against her sentence.
England's Lee Westwood says he is feeling the "buzz" again ahead of the Open Championship at Royal Troon, which starts on Thursday.
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Scott has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Badminton has had its UK Sport funding withdrawn for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and Paralympics.
A rare penguin egg has hatched at Paignton Zoo in Devon.
A body has been found following a house fire in Fife.
A German driver who killed a motorcyclist in Conwy county has been jailed for six months.
Wall Street markets closed slightly higher on Wednesday.
Blackpool have signed Aston Villa goalkeeper Ali Allsop on a two-year deal and Bournemouth striker Callum Cooke on a season-long loan.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games.
Events have been held across the country to mark Armed Forces Day.
A man has attempted to break the world record for the world's largest ever savoury snack - by cooking an ostrich egg in a chip shop.
A GP has been jailed for five years for stealing more than £100,000 from his surgery in Lincolnshire.
Charlton Athletic have reappointed Jose Riga as head coach for a second time.
John Hardie is standing in the doorway of the gaff of Lockhart's House, the ancestral home of his great-grandparents.
In the wake of the bomb attacks in the Indonesian capital Jakarta that killed at least seven people, social media users have been sharing images and memes of the city.
An engineering company in Kilrea, County Londonderry, is to create 50 new jobs.
A Native American tribe in South Dakota is planning to open the first marijuana resort in the US.
Conor McGregor says Floyd Mayweather will be "taken out" in the second round of their Las Vegas fight on 26 August after being allowed 4oz fingerless gloves.
Allotment holders have said plans to build 500 homes on green belt land in Leatherhead would be a "nightmare".
Four Belfast Giants players have been named in the Great Britain squad for the World Championships (Division 1B) in Cortina, Italy.
Merseyside community TV station Bay TV has been put up for sale.
Former Togo coach Stephen Keshi was remembered at a memorial match in Togo on Saturday, a week after his death.
Two off-duty police officers have been praised for helping to stop a robbery in County Londonderry.
A man is "lucky to be alive" after being stabbed in the street in Salford, Greater Manchester, police have said.
Egypt has confirmed that a bomb brought down a Russian airliner in the Sinai peninsula in October killing all 224 people on board.
Real Madrid have re-signed striker Alvaro Morata from Juventus on a four-year deal.
Four of the internet of things devices tested by security researchers could have been hacked.
Congolese former rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Malala Yousafzai was shot in the head by the Taliban in 2012 for campaigning for girls' education.
Chelsea have taken to the streets to celebrate their Premier League title win.
Lewis Hamilton dominated the Mexican Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished second.
For the first time in the UK's history, a legal challenge to the government's Brexit plans is being heard at the High Court.
At the Seachill fish factory in Grimsby, the National Living Wage was celebrated last month.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to 15 days in jail for organising an illegal rally.
Recruitment firm Hays has said it has seen "increased uncertainty" in the UK market following the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Samsung has added ad-blockers to the default web browser on its Android phones.
US consumer confidence has fallen to its lowest level in more than three years, according to a survey.
Two 13-year-old brothers who tortured and sexually abused two boys have had their anonymity extended.
Nine people have been arrested in West Yorkshire during a campaign against domestic abuse during the Euro 2016 football tournament.
Cyclists and walkers in Wales could save up to £5m a year, a transport charity has claimed.
Five men have been charged with drugs offences following a police raid in Oxford.
Manager Nigel Pearson says Jacob Butterfield and Jonas Olsson will miss Derby County's Championship opener against Brighton on Saturday.
Great Britain's Kyle Edmund will take on Serbia's world number 869 Janko Tipsarevic in the first match of the Davis Cup quarter-final in Belgrade on Friday.
Sam Tomkins says he could return to Wigan Warriors in the future.
Wigan Warriors moved up to third in Super League with a convincing victory over Salford Red Devils.
A teacher who is to leave her job at a Catholic school in Belfast has said she has been subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation.
Scientists have discovered the "stress field" behind the arches of the Grand Canyon and other natural landmarks.
The Met Office has named the first storm of the season as Storm Abigail.
Whole brain radiotherapy for lung cancer is no longer an option, say doctors in the Lancet.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Football Writers' Association Player of the Year.
Josh Taylor says he would win a world title fight against Ricky Burns if he fought the Scot next week.
Aberdeen have signed Stevie May from Preston North End on a four-year deal.
Thousands of people in a town in Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province are refusing to leave their homes after days of clashes with security forces, activists say.
Turkish warplanes have bombed so-called Islamic State (IS) positions in northern Syria, near the border town of Jarablus, Turkish officials say.
Newly-elected Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has urged party members to give her a chance.
A woman has found the fifth of five gold artefacts hidden at Scunthorpe Art Centre.
The body of a teenage soldier found dead at Deepcut Barracks should be exhumed, a coroner has heard.
Hundreds of pink balloons have been released in memory of murdered teenager Paige Doherty.
A new search and rescue helicopter base in south Wales has been flying its first missions.
Sport Ireland boss John Treacy says funding for the Irish boxing team is at risk because of a "deeply divided" organisation.
The daughter of British hostage David Haines has said Islamic State (IS) needs to be "eliminated".
Jonathan Trott hit a century as Warwickshire reached the One-Day Cup semi-finals with a 55-run win over Essex.
Haiti's parliament has rejected the mandate of interim President Jovenel Privert and called for new elections.
The second flight data recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed in the Mediterranean has been recovered, Egyptian investigators say.
The UK will not "stand alone" in the fight against terrorism, the home secretary has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled that tribunal fees for workers bringing employment discrimination cases in England and Wales are unconstitutional.
The suspension of Iran's national football goalkeeper for wearing trousers with aSpongebob SquarePants-style design has sparked outrage on social media.
American Lindsey Vonn won the first World Cup super-G of the season in Austria.
Fire crews have warned of the dangers of hoverboards after two fires in London.
The ICC World Twenty20 begins in India on Tuesday, with Scotland and Ireland competing in the initial group stage of the tournament.
The FA Cup semi-final between Chelsea and Tottenham at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One.
A man fell from a hotel balcony after leant on a faulty handrail, a court has heard.
Former Business Secretary Sir Vince Cable has been a champion of vocational education and training in the UK.
A public swimming pool threatened with closure will stay open for a year, a council has said.
The family of a man murdered nine years ago have said they have no faith in the justice system after it emerged the killer could be released from prison after just nine years.
The world's biggest spirits maker, Diageo, has reported flat sales in the last financial year.
Campaigners have handed in a petition to the Foreign Office calling for the return of residents of the Chagos Islands in the Indian Ocean.
Ben Affleck says he was "honoured" to be asked to star in his brother Matt Damon's directorial debut, Manchester by the Sea.
Pirates who seized a oil tanker off the coast of Somalia have been released without a ransom, officials say.
The case of a four-year-old Muslim girl who was placed in the care of a non-Muslim foster family has raised questions about the role of Muslim families in the UK.
The brother of a man killed on Bloody Sunday has said the arson attack on the Bloody Sunday Museum in Londonderry shows "total disrespect".
Traffic restrictions on a city centre street have been reintroduced after a council was forced to pay back hundreds of thousands of fines.
BMW has said profits in the first three months of the year were boosted by the value of its stake in mapping technology firm Here.
Having a positive outlook on life is linked to a lower risk of death in old age, research suggests.
Budget airline Easyjet is to launch new flights between Aberdeen and Durham Tees Valley Airport.
The man accused of a deadly shooting at a Florida airport has been charged with airport violence and faces the death penalty.
The US economy grew at a slower pace in the last three months of last year, but economists said the economy was "off and running".
Vast amounts of water could be hidden under the ground in Africa, scientists say.
Charlton came from two goals down to beat 10-man Bolton at the Macron Stadium.
Glasgow Warriors prop Zander Rae and prop Mohit Bhatti have signed new contracts with the Pro12 club.
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's three-Test tour of South Africa with a knee injury.
A yellow "be aware" warning for rain has been issued for parts of south and mid Wales.
The Wimbledon Championships are one of the biggest tennis tournaments in the world, with the men's and women's singles champions being crowned every year.
Passengers on a bus in North Ayrshire had a lucky escape after the vehicle caught fire.
The Scottish cities of Aberdeen and Edinburgh are among the most affected by the UK leaving the EU, according to economists.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from a Sicilian village as wildfires rage across the south of Italy.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been officially installed.
President: Alassane Ouattara
If you've been to an event in the last year or two, you'll have seen the trend for going digital, says Ankit Aggarwal, chief executive of event technology firm Cvent.
The Ospreys moved top of the Pro12 with victory over Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade.
The launch of the Indian car brand Zica has caused a storm of controversy in the country, with some claiming that the name sounds too much like a virus.
US car giant General Motors (GM) has said it will stop making cars in India and sell its remaining business there.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Danny Graham for an undisclosed fee.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says Kenneth Zohore is the best striker in the Championship.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier in Powys.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have used the Brixton Pound during a visit to south London.
More than 400 pilot whales are stranded on a beach in New Zealand.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans not to boo the team in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Surrey began their County Championship season with a convincing innings-and-209-run win over Warwickshire at The Oval.
Three British teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of terrorism offences have been released.
Two police forces in Wales have been rated "inadequate" by the police watchdog.
The government is considering taking over some of the schools in Birmingham which have been accused of extremism, the BBC understands.
Turkish giants Galatasaray have signed Morocco international midfielder Younes Belhanda from Dynamo Kiev on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
A man who was fined £6,000 for threatening to blow up an airport in a tweet has challenged his conviction at the High Court in London.
Can you run a company without a boss?
Some 150 passengers were forced to jump on to the wing of a plane when smoke started seeping into the cabin, a report has found.
Uncapped Liam Livingstone has been named in England's 15-man squad for the Twenty20 series against Pakistan.
Dozens of eye operations have been cancelled at a mobile operating theatre in Bristol after patients reported complications and discomfort.
Eight members of a neo-Nazi group have gone on trial in the eastern German city of Dresden accused of attempted murder.
The public did not recognise the impact of EU funding given to Wales, the Welsh Conservative leader has said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi was the only man convicted of the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over the Scottish town of Lockerbie.
Islamic State (IS) has released a video showing militants destroying ancient Assyrian artefacts in Iraq.
Storm Desmond hit the UK over the weekend, causing flooding in parts of the country.
Telecoms provider Talktalk has reported a fall in annual pre-tax profits due to the cost of last year's cyber attack.
Heineken's planned £1.3bn takeover of Punch Taverns has been provisionally cleared by the competition regulator, but it has been ordered to address competition concerns.
An ultrasound scanner that can detect corrosion in pipes is among the technologies being developed at a new centre in Aberdeen.
Sunderland winger Adnan Januzaj will be out for six to eight weeks with an ankle injury.
Two men have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court for their part in a drugs operation that used the internet and Bitcoin currency.
As part of BBC News School Report on 16 March 2017, pupils in England will be making the news for real and uploading their reports to the BBC.
An Iron Age hill fort in Rhondda Cynon Taff may be the most important of its kind in Wales.
Police have said the gun used in a gun attack on a police car in west Belfast was an assault rifle.
Supporters of the Kids Company charity, which closed last week, have marched to the prime minister's office in protest at the charity's closure.
President: Filipe Nyusi
Bristol City Council has been accused of paying up to £6m to a private company to run a park-and-ride site.
Tens of thousands of families with more than two children in the UK could face poverty under new rules restricting benefit payments, say campaigners.
Scotland's skills system needs to focus on improving pay, a think tank has said.
A Guantanamo Bay detainee has been sentenced to life in prison for the bombing of two US embassies in Africa that killed 224 people.
Cardiff City have signed Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris for an undisclosed fee.
The planned £18bn nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset is now in the hands of the prime minister.
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan cricketer who was found dead at his home in Bridgend.
The killing by a US drone strike of the leader of the Syrian jihadist group Jabhat al-Nusra, Abu Muhammad al-Adnani, is the latest blow to the global jihadist movement.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed defender Craig Davies on a two-year deal.
Doncaster Rovers secured their place in the second round of the EFL Cup thanks to goals from George Taft and Luke Williams.
Former England striker Stan Collymore has pulled out of a bid to become a director of Nottingham Forest.
An artificial pitch used by Widnes Vikings against Warrington Wolves on Sunday was not to blame for injuries to players, says the Super League club.
People are being invited to see plans for a £60m redevelopment of Bath's Quadrant shopping centre.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy for next season.
A busker has been found guilty of pretending to be collecting money for the families of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster.
Unpaid work by criminals in England and Wales is "not good enough", the probation watchdog has said.
Joe Marler will captain the British and Irish Lions against the Hurricanes in Wellington on Tuesday.
Adele's new single, Hello, has sold more than 200,000 downloads in the UK in its first day of release on Friday.
Police have said the search for a man who has been missing in the Highlands since October has ended.
Teaching assistants in County Durham have taken part in a rally to celebrate their "hard work" in a long-running dispute over pay.
The Scottish National Party leader Leanne Wood has called for "harmonious co-existence" with the Welsh and Scottish parties in the general election.
Scientists in the Arctic have warned that the melting of the Arctic Ocean is taking them by surprise.
A Muslim man who became the first gay man to marry in the West Midlands has said he has received death threats.
Cornwall will face Cheshire in the final of the County Championship Cup after beating Surrey.
The Mad Hatter, the Cheshire Cat and Alice in Wonderland have been recreated in virtual reality for a new app in Llandudno.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a double decker bus and a lorry crashed on the A34 in Oxfordshire.
Plans to improve the A27 in West Sussex are a "sham", council leaders have said.
Outgoing Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa chief Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years.
A square of prehistoric standing stones has been found inside a Stonehenge monument.
A woman who was attacked by a banned breed dog in Lincoln has suffered "devastating" injuries.
Elite League and Challenge Cup holders Cardiff Devils are still the best team in the league, says Devils netminder Matt Bowns.
A boy who suffers from a sleep disorder triggered by a flu jab has been awarded £50,000 in compensation.
Lifeguards are to be on duty at Camber Sands over the weekend following the deaths of five men in the sea.
People dressing up as "creepy clowns" in Wales could be arrested, police have warned.
A former IRA man has been given permission to challenge a request by police to view interviews he gave to a US university about the Troubles.
Cardiff City defender Bruno Ecuele Manga is out of hospital after suffering a suspected case of malaria.
Wolves reached the second round of the EFL Cup with victory over Cambridge United at Molineux.
UKIP's Welsh MEP Nathan Gill has been criticised by some of the party's Welsh members for the way he has been selected to represent them in the European Parliament.
A motorcyclist who died following a crash on the A947 in Aberdeenshire has been named.
The UK's wet weather this year has been bad news for many of the country's insects, experts have warned.
For David Cameron the decision to take military action in Syria has been a long time coming.
A gunman has opened fire at a bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, killing one person and wounding at least 20 others, police say.
Sony is to stop making its flagship e-book reader, the Sony Reader.
Israel has removed controversial metal detectors it installed at a holy site in Jerusalem.
Funding for flood defences in Wales is to be cut, the BBC has learned.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are six teams capable of winning the Premier League title this season.
A police dog which bit a man has been put down.
Eugene, an artificially intelligent chatbot, has passed the so-called Turing Test.
Nine Scottish swimmers have been named in the 12-strong Team GB swimming squad for the Rio Olympics.
Egypt's Islam El Shehaby refused to shake the hand of Israel's Ehud Sasson in the men's -63kg judo.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of the world's fastest-growing economies and is one of Africa's largest democracies.
Scientists in Japan have developed a brain scan that can detect signs of Alzheimer's disease.
British number one Johanna Konta says she is "not worried" about being the favourite to win the Wimbledon women's singles title.
The roll-out of smart meters in the UK is facing a further delay.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has voted against a plan to cut parking fines to £50 if the bill is paid within 14 days.
A Conservative activist has said a 2010 anti-bullying dossier was handed to the party's chairman, Andrew Feldman.
Holyhead RNLI lifeboat has been launched after a fishing boat got into difficulties off the Anglesey coast.
St Mary's Magherafelt beat St Ronan's Bessbrook 0-13 to 0-8 in the Dr McKenna Cup semi-final in Dublin on Thursday.
A pair of Earth observation cameras have been attached to the International Space Station (ISS).
A boy from a village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has topped the country's secondary school exams.
An urgent review of lifejacket testing protocols has been recommended after the bodies of the skipper and two crew of a crab boat which sank in April were found face down in their lifejackets.
Satellite imagery of Egypt has revealed more than 1,000 possible pyramids, according to scientists who analysed the data.
A body has been found in the search for a woman who has been missing for more than a year.
The third and final series of Miranda on BBC One has been hailed a "sweet and heart-warming" finale.
In September, Apple unveiled its much-anticipated smartwatch - the Apple Watch.
A Scottish sea salt producer has signed a deal to supply a supermarket chain with its product.
Call centre staff at councils in England and Wales are getting more bizarre calls than ever, according to the Local Government Association.
A painting of the coronation of King Henry VIII has been found in a County Durham park.
Plans for a new fast food restaurant in Pembrokeshire have been approved by a planning inspector.
A hospital's A&E doctor has criticised a police force's policy of taking mentally ill people to A&E instead of holding them in custody.
Tiger Woods says he will continue to play golf for at least the next 10 years.
Cardiff's Principality Stadium will host the Champions League final for the first time in the city's history.
The National Basketball Association (NBA) is to launch an e-sports league for basketball video games developed by Take-Two.
Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons despite reports of a misfire on one of its missiles.
In the pantheon of British sporting greats, there is a list of achievements that begins with the first British rugby player to win the Rugby World Cup, and ends with the first Briton to win the Tour de France.
Aston Villa have signed Manchester City winger Scott Sinclair on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Criterium du Dauphine for a third time with victory on Sunday.
John Esposito, one of Elvis Presley's closest friends, has died at the age of 83.
(Close): Airline stocks were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100, with shares in Easyjet and International Airlines Group (IAG) falling sharply.
The last flying World War Two Lancaster bomber has had to be grounded after an engine fault.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a four-year-old girl.
The number of people being made homeless in England has reached its highest level in five years.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says it is a "tragedy" that Tottenham have not bought "expensive players" this summer.
If you want to see one of the world's most famous musicians perform in your town, how much would you be prepared to pay?
Microsoft is to release a special edition of the Halo video games for the Xbox One.
The world of music has been paying tribute to Prince, who has died at the age of 31.
A senior Labour MP has written to Home Secretary Theresa May urging her to ban two US speakers at an English Defence League (EDL) rally.
US President Barack Obama has said he told Donald Trump to "reach out" to minority groups and women during the election campaign.
At least 70 people have been killed and dozens injured after a passenger train derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Glamorgan have been drawn in the South group of the 2017 T20 Blast.
TV sports presenter Anita Gallacher has been charged with drink-driving.
A police officer has told an inquest of the "absolute carnage" at a nightclub where two people died in a crush.
A woman who was forced into a car with a child in the back was raped, police have said.
Ali Carter says he is "lucky to be alive" after his first-round defeat by John Higgins at the UK Championship because of his abdominal pain.
A blogger who raised thousands of pounds for charity after being diagnosed with a brain tumour has died.
(Closed): Wall Street markets were mixed on Wednesday after the head of the European Central Bank said more stimulus would be needed.
A huge sinkhole has opened up near a World Cup stadium in the Brazilian city of Natal.
A dramatic late equaliser from Brentford denied Cardiff City victory at Griffin Park.
The president of the International Olympic Committee has apologised for comparing the Russian doping scandal to the Holocaust.
A British man has been questioned by police at the Machu Picchu citadel in Peru.
Police in the Chinese city of Tianjin have confirmed that the warehouse that exploded on Wednesday contained sodium cyanide and four other dangerous chemicals.
The use of unqualified teachers in schools in England is "deteriorating", says a teachers' union.
A 20-year-old woman has been knocked to the ground and raped in the Meadows area of Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he expects his leadership campaign to "play out" in local elections next year.
A hunter-gatherer population living in the Caucasus region of the former USSR may have been the key source of European genetic diversity, a study suggests.
The owner of a shop named after the so-called Islamic State group has said she is considering changing its name.
Police Scotland has confirmed it has been contacted by a second former pupil at the prestigious Gordonstoun boarding school in Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said his party will commit to a "clear plan" to renationalise the railways in public ownership.
The mother of a schoolgirl who ran away with a teacher has spoken of the "nightmare" her family went through.
Borussia Dortmund have signed France Under-19 striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Borussia Monchengladbach.
China's consumer inflation rate rose to 1.9% in June from 1.7% in May, driven by food prices.
Former Nigeria coach Sunday Oliseh says his job as coach of Dutch second tier side Fortuna Sittard has been a "big risk" but he is "grateful to God" for the results.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The fuselage of one of the last RAF Hercules transport aircraft has been transported to its new home.
A couple from Worcestershire have died while on holiday in Morocco.
A giant ball of ice has been spotted off the coast of Russia.
Channel Island football club Guernsey FC could miss out on the chance to play in the FA Cup.
The late Marvel Comics co-creator Stan Lee is to be the subject of a new film about his life.
People in north Wales are being offered advice on how to protect themselves from cyber attacks.
The "overwhelming" response to a fire at a dogs' home in Greater Manchester that killed 40 pets has been described as "overwhelming".
Almost half of athletes at the 2011 World Athletics Championships in Qatar said they had taken banned drugs, according to a study published by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
England batsman James Vince says the World Twenty20 in India will be "ideal" for him.
A Scottish singer-songwriter's search for the grave of his great great grandfather has led to the discovery of the final resting place of a lion tamer.
Flying Scotsman has been unveiled in its new green and white colours after a four-year restoration project.
Saracens lock Nick Tompkins has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership champions.
The name of the villain in the new Avengers: Age of Ultron film has been revealed at Comic-Con in San Diego.
In the dusty halls of the Moco-Moco Primary School, a row of blackboards is set up.
The Scottish SPCA has admitted putting down a snake that was thought to be one of the world's deadliest.
A convicted child sex offender who travelled to the US to have sex with young boys has pleaded guilty to transporting child pornography.
Wrestling fans in China will soon be able to watch one of the biggest names in the sport.
At least eight people have died and 20 others were in a critical condition after being found in a trailer outside a Walmart store in San Antonio, Texas, police say.
A police officer who was stabbed in the head while trying to arrest a man at a house in north Belfast has been awarded the Queen's Medal for Bravery.
The maker of Irn Bru has announced plans to restart glass bottling at one of its plants after announcing 100 job cuts.
An unarmed black man has been shot and wounded by police in Ferguson, Missouri, on the first anniversary of the killing of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown.
Pop star Madonna has been promoting her new album, Rebel Heart, with a string of pictures of herself.
Will Grigg's late goal rescued a point for Colchester United against Wigan Athletic in League One.
Pop star Charli XCX has revealed that she's writing songs for two other artists.
Apple and Google have become the latest technology giants to offer their US employees the option to freeze their eggs.
Muhammad Ali would have beaten Wladimir and Vitali Klitschko, says former heavyweight champion Joe Shavers.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% again by the Bank of England.
The Cleveland Indians and the Chicago Cubs play the best-of-seven World Series in a best-of-seven series starting on Wednesday.
The Scottish government has welcomed the Queen's Speech, with the Scottish government claiming more powers will be handed to Holyrood after the UK leaves the EU.
The RSPCA should not be allowed to prosecute cases to suit its political and commercial interests, an MP has said.
Images of the International Space Station (ISS) have been added to Google Street View.
Hundreds of people have taken part in the annual Boxing Day sea swim in Tenby, Pembrokeshire.
HSBC has appointed the boss of Asian insurance giant AIA, Mark Tucker, as its new chairman.
The US ambassador to the UN, Jonathan Pershing, has said that he is confident that the US will stay in the Paris climate agreement.
Welsh Premier League side Swansea City thrashed Independence 0-4 in a pre-season friendly at the Liberty Stadium.
A man who fell asleep in a nightclub has been rescued after getting stuck in a lift.
The government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the UK.
A memorial to the UK police officers who have died on duty is to be built at a cost of £4m.
Late goals from Craig Whyte and Gavin Forsythe saw Crusaders beat Linfield 2-0 at Mourneview Park to move seven points clear at the top of the Irish Premiership table.
ScotRail Alliance has announced it is to create up to 100 new train driver jobs in Scotland.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he will co-operate with a US investigation into a state investment fund, 1MDB.
Mae'r ysgol yn cael eu rhoi yn dweud bod yn l yr bws yn cael eu hanfon yn l yn l yr angen, yn l bachgen arall ei
Hundreds of fake fathers are claiming to be the fathers of thousands of children in Germany, officials say.
Tougher data protection laws in the EU are set to lead to a rise in fines for data breaches in the UK, according to PwC.
Tens of thousands of people have visited the Shroud of Turin on its first day of public viewing in the Italian city.
Visitors from outside the UK could be charged for using the NHS in Wales, the health secretary has said.
North Korea has announced that it has successfully carried out a hydrogen bomb test.
A jury has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict in the trial of a former Catholic priest.
The Scottish government has been accused of a "sham" consultation on its named person scheme.
Huddersfield Town have signed Everton defender Kieran Brown on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Pupils who took part in a health survey 50 years ago are being asked to take part in a new study.
"I'm afraid to walk alone," says David, an ethnic Chinese man living in Paris.
(Close): The S&P 500 closed in positive territory for the year on Friday, following the Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates unchanged.
German carmaker Daimler has reported a second-quarter net profit of 3.7bn euros (£2.6bn) after sales rose 5%.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said Syria's government has the right to use force against protesters.
Video games giant Nintendo has reported a net loss for the first quarter of its financial year.
Huddersfield Town moved up to second in the Championship with a late winner at Burton Albion.
The road markings that led to the death of a cyclist who was hit by a van in Staffordshire on Monday have been blamed on a council contractor.
A Red Cross aid worker who was killed in Pakistan was unlawfully killed, an inquest has concluded.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has retired from tennis.
Campaigners have lost a High Court challenge against plans for a £1bn electricity cable linking wind farms in Conwy county.
China has launched its first internet court, allowing people to resolve legal disputes via video-chat.
Shareholders in Samsung C&T, one of South Korea's biggest construction firms, have approved a controversial takeover of the firm by the Samsung conglomerate.
A bid to stop the sale of a 4,000-year-old Egyptian statue has been launched.
Reigning champions Yorkshire will begin the defence of their County Championship title with a trip to Division One rivals Nottinghamshire.
A "heavy gambler" murdered his friend and dismembered his body in a suitcase, a court has heard.
UKIP AM Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales understands.
The arrest of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny on charges of embezzlement is the latest in a series of setbacks for the anti-corruption campaigner.
Rangers swept aside 10-man Queen of the South in the Premiership play-off semi-final first leg at Palmerston.
Uganda's defence minister has said all foreign troops in South Sudan should be out of the war-torn country by 1 November.
Twenty air ambulance charities are to receive a share of £5m from the Libor banking scandal.
A mother and son have set world records for the fastest lap around the Isle of Wight.
Brighton captain Steve Sidwell says he wants to play in the Premier League again next season.
A former health board boss who moved to England to get treatment for cancer has said the NHS in Wales is "not fit for purpose".
Matt Disley's second-half goal secured victory for Grimsby Town at Forest Green Rovers and kept them top of the National League.
A giant model of a crystal has been built in the Austrian capital, Vienna, in a bid to set a new world record.
Former US President Bill Clinton has been described by the man who led the inquiry into his impeachment, Kenneth Starr, as "the most decent man I have ever met" and "the most decent man I have ever known".
Transport Minister Chris Hazzard has announced plans to extend the hours of bus lanes in Belfast city centre.
The UK's relationship with the United States has always been a complex one, one that has been shaped by Britain's history and geography.
Formula 1 bosses have rejected a proposal to revert to the 2015 qualifying system at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
World champion Stuart Bingham lost 6-3 to Joe Perry in the last 16 of the UK Championship.
Both Russian and Ukrainian state TV channels have been showing contrasting images of the situation in eastern Ukraine.
Joe Leach and Ed Barnard helped Worcestershire fight back on day three against Leicestershire at Grace Road.
A new anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow following the murder of Glasgow shopkeeper Asad Shah.
Music streaming service Spotify has added a range of new non-music content to its app.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says goalkeeper Simon Mignolet "needs help" after his costly errors in the draw with Arsenal.
David Cameron has been caught on camera apparently eating a Pringles sandwich on a flight.
A Falklands war veteran who wrote a series of children's books about life in the armed forces has teamed up with veterans to tell their stories.
Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson secured her place at the Rio Olympics by finishing fourth in the heptathlon at the World Championships.
The rise of the US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and the UK Labour Party's left-wing MP Jeremy Corbyn has led to fears of a backlash against the political establishment.
Southampton have signed winger Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has rejected calls to deselect the party's assembly group leader.
Safety investigators have arrived at the scene of a plane crash in Melbourne that killed five people.
A 93-year-old former Waffen SS soldier serving a life sentence for murdering three Dutch civilians during World War Two has been transferred to prison.
A Palestinian woman who was badly burned in a firebomb attack on her family's home in the West Bank has died in an Israeli hospital.
The UK's Prime Minister David Cameron has announced he is to step down as leader of the Conservative Party.
Borrowers are applying for loans to help pay for major purchases such as a new home, a bank has said.
Two men have been seriously injured after being attacked by three men at a house in Edinburgh.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, manager Mauricio Pochettino has said.
An MSP has called for the closure of one of Glasgow's most iconic cultural venues to be reversed.
Lonmin's shares have jumped after it said it would raise $1.5bn (£1.1bn) in a rights issue to shore up its finances as it struggles with falling commodity prices.
The mother of a seven-year-old boy who has gone missing with his father has released pictures of him in a bid to find him.
Cornish Pirates have signed loose-head prop Ben Ransom for next season.
A railway station is to be closed to the public for more than a year for restoration work.
Torquay United secured their return to the Football League with a 2-0 win over North Ferriby in the National League play-off final at Plainmoor.
The Foreign Office has said a petition calling for a second referendum on the UK's vote to leave the EU will be considered for a parliamentary debate after receiving more than 100,000 signatures.
A man who murdered schoolgirl Paige Doherty has had his life sentence reduced by the Court of Appeal in Edinburgh.
A group of voters have launched a legal challenge against the election of a London mayor over claims of electoral fraud, intimidation and bribery.
A prize for funny books by Roald Dahl is to be revived.
Somalia's 24-year-old public works minister has been accidentally shot dead by security forces, officials say.
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping them win promotion to the Premier League.
A man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Day may be a Vietnamese national, an inquest has heard.
A selection of photographs from around the world this week:
A 21-year-old man and a 19-year-old woman have been arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences.
Canada has launched an inquiry into missing and murdered indigenous women.
A Kuwaiti man has been released from the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay, the first inmate to be freed since May.
Women who have breast implant surgery in England are to be tracked in a new online registry.
A security robot patrolling a busy street in the US city of San Francisco was knocked over by a pedestrian on Monday.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to trace after a 12-year-old girl was sexually assaulted in Bristol.
My seven-year-old son wants to be a video game maker.
Gorka Izagirre won stage nine of the Giro d'Italia as Bob Jungels retained the overall lead.
The number of international tourists visiting the UK is expected to rise this year, and tourism officials say the fall in the pound is helping to attract them.
The Irish foreign minister has said the Irish government will continue to push for the release of an Irishman who is on trial in Egypt.
A flower shop has been inundated with hundreds of nuisance calls from callers claiming to be from TalkTalk.
A Plaid Cymru MP is to introduce a "Rape Shield Law" to stop alleged rape victims being humiliated in court.
Former Rangers player Alan Durrant will not return to the club's youth set-up next season as first-team coach.
Holders Arsenal Ladies will face Women's Super League One leaders Manchester City in the semi-finals of the Continental Cup.
Cornish Reds head coach Steve Churcher says his side's front row has been "outstanding" this season.
This has been my first season as a player-manager in the Women's Super League in Australia and I'm really enjoying it.
A controversial anti-Islam campaigner has been allowed to stand in UKIP's leadership contest.
British number one Johanna Konta has confirmed she will play at the Aegon Classic in Nottingham in June.
A van Gogh expert has claimed a painting hung in a Reading cafe is not a known work by the artist.
An exhibition of rare and exotic animals has opened at Windsor Castle.
Europe's mission to send a robot to Mars in 2018 has been delayed again, to 2020.
Katie O'Connell has been running since she was five years old - and every time she has a seizure she runs to the finish line.
Steven Davies hit 96 as Surrey beat Yorkshire by 39 runs in the One-Day Cup final at Lord's.
The Gare de Lyon station in Paris has reopened after a security operation, police say.
3D images of the spread of cancer around the body have been developed by scientists in Japan.
Thousands of people in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) have been evacuated from their homes after heavy rains caused severe flooding.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are locked in a tight race for the Democratic presidential nomination, but the battle for the party's soul is starting to heat up.
At least 26 people have been killed in a bomb blast in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Monguno by vigilantes who had been fighting Boko Haram, a local MP has told the BBC.
With just a few weeks to go until the general election on 7 May, the last of the legislative programme in this Parliament is coming to a close.
It's a new building in a chaotic, pixelated style - the kind of design you might expect to see on the streets of New York.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's coach Toni Minichiello has seen it all.
Microsoft, Facebook and Google are teaming up to build a new transatlantic data cable.
The Princess Royal has attended the New Year's Day service at St Mary Magdalene Church on the Queen's Sandringham estate.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has arrived in Russia to learn more about his son, who faces charges in the US.
US researchers have used electromagnetic waves to implant a tiny medical device into a rabbit's heart.
Hull FC half-back Marc Sneyd has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Part of the M74(M) has reopened after a crash involving a number of vehicles was caused by a freak hailstorm.
Cuba has condemned President Donald Trump's decision to tighten the US trade embargo on the communist-run island.
An outbreak of measles in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot is continuing to spread.
A plane has crashed in a river in Taiwan's capital, Taipei, killing at least 16 people.
Two new species of plant have been identified after images of a plant donated to an online encyclopaedia were published.
All nursery and primary school staff in Wales who work with children in the early years could be promoted under a new plan.
A Scottish astronaut has played bagpipes on the International Space Station in a tribute to a colleague who died.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will play in Sunday's Premier League game against Sunderland.
Manchester City's 18-year-old midfielder Millie Walsh scored the winner against Danish side Brondby in the Women's Continental Cup quarter-final.
A Scottish couple who claim to have won £14.6m on the Euromillions lottery have said they celebrated their win with a glass of red wine.
Bomb attacks have taken place in the Belgian capital, Brussels.
A former Soviet military officer accused of leading a Taliban attack on US forces in Afghanistan has appeared in court in the US.
Perth and Kinross Council is to back a food hall plan for Perth Concert Hall.
Northern Ireland's performance coach Bobby Macphee is proud his side have qualified for Euro 2016 but is disappointed Scotland missed out.
Badger groups have been invited to apply for a scheme to vaccinate up to 20,000 badgers in England against bovine TB.
Urinary catheters are a "ticking time bomb" and should be replaced, a leading expert says.
Watford striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's opening 2018 World Cup qualifier against Cameroon in Calabar on Friday because of a knock.
The Cuban state company Labiofam has apologised for naming two new men's colognes after revolutionary heroes Ernesto "Che" Guevara and Hugo Chavez.
A magistrate has resigned after a racist tweet appeared on his official Twitter account.
A report into an alleged racist incident at Cardiff University's School of Medicine has highlighted issues of equality and diversity.
A group of Muslim leaders have been in Warsaw to learn about the Holocaust and the role of Poles in the war.
Two police officers have been injured in a crash in Gwynedd.
Formula 1's strategy group has been meeting to discuss the sport's future - and it has been a significant step in the right direction.
A petrol station in Londonderry has been badly damaged in a ram-raid.
A 41-year-old man has died after a "violent incident" at a house in Glasgow.
The ejection seats of the jet that crashed at the Shoreham Airshow had expired, investigators have said.
The organisers of World Yoga Day in the Indian capital, Delhi, say the event was a huge success.
A new photographic exhibition in Liverpool has captured the memories of childhood in the city.
A new cancer research centre at The University of Manchester has been given a £20m boost.
Britain's Callum Hawkins was beaten into second by Kenya's Conseslus Korir in the men's race at the Great Edinburgh International Cross Country.
A fire at a derelict mansion house in Aberdeenshire is being treated as suspicious.
Wolves midfielder Eggert Bodvarsson says new head coach Paul Lambert's style of play is starting to pay off.
The demolition of the former Foyle textile factory in Londonderry has begun.
A man who stabbed a vulnerable man to death before stealing his belongings has been jailed for life.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half year profits as it continues to implement changes to its business.
A "virtual reunion" is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of the closure of a town's airport.
Three men have been rescued after their fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine.
A five-year-old boy who lost his pet lion at a stately home has been reunited with the animal after staff returned the toy.
British soldiers spent less than half of their time at the front during World War One, new research has suggested.
Northern Ireland's deaf community have called for sign language to be made the official language of Northern Ireland.
The brains of babies in the womb are to be mapped, in a study that aims to map the journey of the developing brain.
England captain Wayne Rooney will "remain a big player" for the national side after Euro 2016, says former midfielder Frank Lampard.
A County Tyrone family have been "very lucky" to escape injury after a car crashed into a post office in County Tyrone.
In the capitals of many of the European Union's 27 member states, there's a palpable sense of excitement about the UK's general election victory.
The family of a woman who was found dead at a house have said she was a "devoted mum" to her two young sons.
Bolivia has raised the working age in the country from 10 to 14.
The demolition of a former hospital in Denbighshire has been delayed because seagull chicks are nesting on the roof.
(Close): UK shares rose after the US Federal Reserve decided to keep interest rates unchanged.
Virgin Money boss Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to lead a review of student support in Scotland.
The US theme park SeaWorld in San Diego has been banned from breeding new killer whales.
It was a day of late drama in the English Football League.
Derbyshire trio Adam Milnes, Ben Lewis and Liam McKay have all left the club.
Activity in the UK housing market has "peaked", with a slowdown in the number of prospective home buyers, surveyors have said.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives group in the Senedd has said a row over a tweet by one of the party's AMs will not be repeated.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Saturday has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
Twitter is about to make some changes to the way it shows you content.
Liverpool's remarkable comeback against Borussia Dortmund in the Europa League semi-final at Anfield will go down as one of the greatest matches in the club's history.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to record the theme song for the new James Bond film, Spectre.
Finance Minister Arlene Foster has said she will challenge the chief executive's decision to adopt the Northern Ireland Executive's new planning policy.
Two industrial estates in Southampton have been bought by the Port of Southampton.
World heptathlon champion Tatyana Chernova should not be banned for doping, says Jessica Ennis-Hill's coach Toni Minichiello.
Gloucester Cathedral is to add girl choristers to its choir for the first time.
Great Britain's women suffered a 3-2 defeat by North Korea in the Ice Hockey World Championship.
The BBC's Clarissa Sebag-Montefiore has travelled to Haiti to see the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew.
Travel search firm Skyscanner has reported a rise in revenues and profits after a "strong year" for the business.
The first all-new car factory in the West Midlands for 15 years is to officially open on Wednesday.
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with a shooting in Rugby.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the role of the United Nations in Africa.
The value of the pound fell sharply in the run-up to the referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
The new owner of a whisky distillery in Dumfries and Galloway has said he plans to create up to 100 jobs.
The BBC's Official Chart Show is to move to a new time slot and will move from Sunday to Friday evenings, the corporation has announced.
Ten thousand people a year are dying from animal tuberculosis - a treatable and curable form of the disease, experts say.
Andy Murray will be "the dominant force" in tennis for years to come after becoming world number one, says Tim Henman.
John Higgins beat world champion Stuart Bingham 10-7 to win the inaugural China Open.
More than half of primary school pupils in the world are sleep deprived, according to an international study.
US President Donald Trump's new Interior Secretary, Ryan Zinke, took a horseback ride on his first day in office.
Charlton Athletic have launched an internal investigation after a former player alleged he was sexually abused by a scout at the club in the 1980s.
Plans for hundreds of new homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff have been recommended for approval.
Manchester United defender Jonny Evans and Newcastle striker Papiss Cisse could face bans for spitting at each other.
A 17-year-old boy who died after a fight at a girl's 16th birthday party in south-east London suffered a head injury.
Cardiff City midfielder Junior Hoilett says it was a "no-brainer" to sign for new manager Neil Warnock.
The RMT union is holding a day of action in protest at what it claims is a "cash-for-ash" culture on Scotland's railways.
Ireland batsman Jane Shillington has retired from one-day international cricket after her side's defeat by South Africa in the World Cup Qualifier.
Premier League referee Mike Dean will be in charge of the FA Cup fourth-round tie between Tottenham and Aston Villa on Sunday.
The number of Crown Court cases dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has risen, figures show.
BBC Sport's FA Cup final expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Four health boards in Wales have been told by the Welsh Government to "significantly improve" their finances or face cuts to services.
Britain's South African-born gymnast Louis MacKenzie is targeting a place at the Rio Olympics after switching allegiance to the country.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a stabbing.
(Close): Wall Street stocks closed higher on Friday after the latest US jobs figures showed the economy was not slowing down.
A British man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq left his fingerprints on a bomb that killed him, a court has heard.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling will see out his contract at the club.
Parts of the UK could be set for the hottest day of the year so far this week...
A minimum unit price for alcohol in England is the most cost-effective way of reducing alcohol harm, a review by Public Health England says.
Jon Stewart has hosted his final edition of The Daily Show after 16 years as host of the satirical news programme.
The Scottish government's rural affairs minister has said 90.4% of EU payments have been made to farmers ahead of the 15 October deadline.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from the profession in the past three years for posting inappropriate material online.
Customers of the Nintendo Switch console have complained of having dead pixels in the middle of the screen.
Carl Frampton's world title fight against Leo Santa Cruz in New York on 29 May has been confirmed.
Bus lane restrictions in a busy part of Blackpool city centre will remain in place until April.
Sean Ervine hit an unbeaten 91 as Hampshire reached 281-4 on day one against Somerset at Taunton.
For her latest project, photographer Stella O'Neill has been photographing the use of neon light in Saudi Arabia.
Hundreds of malicious web browser add-ons, or "rogue extensions", are out there, a study has found.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has "no doubt" there will be another referendum on the country becoming a republic, but that it should not take place until the end of the Queen's reign.
England midfielder Jonjo Shelvey made his debut for Newcastle as Steve McClaren's side beat West Ham.
As the Olympic boxing competition draws to a close in Rio, Britain's boxers face the decision of whether to turn professional.
The general election campaign is in full swing, with Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn on the campaign trail.
A film of the life of a Tibetan refugee who founded a Buddhist monastery in Dumfries has been premiered.
The social care system in England is to get an extra £2bn, the chancellor has announced in the Budget.
A teenage cyclist accused of killing a woman in a hit-and-run crash blamed her for the collision in a Facebook post, the Old Bailey has heard.
An inquest into the deaths of two men who died in a fire in a flat has heard there was "no compelling evidence" a tumble dryer started the blaze.
The US Navy has banned alcohol for all of its personnel on the Japanese island of Okinawa after a sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
John Bercow's office in the Palace of Westminster is a fly on the wall, with a fly on the door.
YouTube has changed the maximum view limit for Psy's Gangnam Style after it became the most-watched video on the site with more than a billion views.
Stefan Ah Van scored a hat-trick as Widnes Vikings held on to beat Castleford Tigers in a Super League thriller.
A baby has been born in Ukraine using DNA from two women and one man.
A health trust that runs two hospitals in Cumbria has been placed in special measures.
Gareth O'Brien's drop-goal in extra-time gave Salford victory over Hull KR in the Million Pound Game.
Chilla, a 17-year-old student at Indonesia's Harisma Bangsa school in Jakarta, says she is nervous about her exams.
A man has been arrested by police investigating the death of a man who was found with stab wounds in Waterford city.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated to the Championship as Nottingham Forest beat Brentford and Birmingham City beat Bristol City.
Children who ate school meals at home are being encouraged to try new foods, a survey suggests.
A pilot has died after a light aircraft crashed in Stoke-on-Trent.
The captain of a container ship was found to be over the legal alcohol limit when he tried to dock in Belfast, a court has heard.
As the race to succeed Dominique Strauss-Kahn as managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) heats up, the battle for the job has become a battle of the sexes.
The UK is to reopen its embassy in Iran for the first time since it was closed in 1979 after the US embassy was stormed by protesters.
Cambridge United and Stevenage played out a goalless draw in League Two.
Star Wars and Harry Potter actor Warwick Davis has revealed his touring caravan has been stolen.
Former US President Barack Obama is to speak at a dinner in Scotland later this year.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Belgium's ban on the wearing of Islamic face veils in public is justified in principle.
A Rangers fan is to stand trial next year for allegedly displaying a banner at the Old Firm match.
A shopper who tackled a shoplifter with a packet of bacon has been praised by police.
When Bolivian film-maker Ana Cappa stumbled across a box of film in the attic of a house in La Paz, she had no idea what to expect.
The word "patient" in the US Federal Reserve's statement on interest rates wasn't a surprise.
The Isle of Wight MP has survived a bid to oust him as the party's general election candidate.
If you want to be a WWE Superstar, you need to learn some moves!
Addictive mobile game Flappy Bird has been taken down after more than a year and a half of its popularity.
Hundreds of plastic bags have been handed out in Brighton in protest at the "shameful" response to the migrant crisis.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to give young people from the Caribbean the chance to work for the Queen at Buckingham Palace.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canada's Milos Raonic to reach the quarter-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius was on his stumps when he smashed the toilet door with a cricket bat, his murder trial has heard.
The Battle of the Somme was one of the bloodiest battles of World War One.
